Chapter 1





Chapter Text
A tall figure walked through the halls of a cold dark house, he could hear someone singing, it was soft and delightful. He walked through the halls to hopefully find the person who was making the noise. and soon came to find a room lit with candles, the room was warm, unlike the others.
Soft singing could be heard from a reddish brown haired woman, the voice was unique, it was soft and calming and made him want to drift off to sleep, however, he couldn’t.
He was a reaper after all. But the soul he would continuously chase until their death was slowly shutting their eyes, the small boy would only be a few weeks old, and this made the Reaper said. He knew that the small boy’s family was being targeted, the Reaper slightly wished to stop it, but he knew he couldn’t.
He couldn’t interfere with death, it was her time, yet it wasn’t. She had many years to come until her death, but people and humans, in general, are cruel vile creatures, this Reaper knew that all too well, and he knew that when a person decided to kill another living human, and when they had already planned it and was on their way over, then it couldn’t be stopped.
Much like how Lily Potter’s death couldn’t be stopped, it was only a matter of time, and that time would soon be over.
Tick, Tick, Tick, Tock.
The clock chimed when it hit 8 pm, the Reaper watched and listened as Lily kept singing, her son fell into a peaceful slumber, movement in the corner of Lily’s eyes caught her attention, looking out of the window in the room she saw a dark figure walk towards the front of the house, she felt an unsettling feeling deep inside her chest, ‘It’s okay’ she thought to herself, the noise of shattering glass made her jump and fear wash over her, she began to breathe heavily and fast, a panic attack was forming and she was afraid, she was shaking by the time she picked her son up, she knew she had to keep him safe and act fast, so she did the first thing that came to mind. She put him in a closet with a shirt with her perfume on it. “Good night Harry, be safe please, I love you” she told him.
After blowing the candles out and locking her son’s bedroom door, Lily Potter, herself went into her room, dialing 911 as she hid in her closet.
“911 what’s your emergency” a voice could be heard from the phone.
“I don’t have much time, someone just broke into my house, I need help, please come soon, I have to go I hear footsteps, I won’t end the call, trace my phone”
After turning her volume down she hid the phone in a pocket of a jacket that was hanging in the corner of the closest, her fast-paced breaths could be heard, but the sound of footsteps coming towards her bedroom  was like thunder roaring.
Lily Potter looked through the cracks of the closet, the doorknob looked as though someone was trying to open the door, she knew there was someone there, she didn’t know why they went straight to her room, and how the door creaked opened, it was locked.. ‘I locked that.. Why is this happening.. How is this happening?’ she thought to herself.Fear had taken over her body by the time the man walked in her room, Lily remained deathly still, she knew that one movement would give away her position, and the consequences would be fatal.
She watched as the figure walked up to her bed, she looked at the way the man looked, bald head, long black robes, long fingers with nails like a hawk, and pale skin that reminded her of death.
Lily Potter was scared, terrified even, one move and her life and possibly her son’s life would be gone, but a movement in the hallway caught her attention, and when she focused on it.. She was speechless, her Reaper.. He was there, staring at her, whispering something.. She never liked her reaper, he gave her nightmares.. He was creepy and mysterious, he had spoken to her once, “Silence will fall when the question is asked” was what he had said many years ago, he had gone missing for years after that, and he was not missed at all.
Memories of her nightmares flooded her mind, she could recall a few times when her reaper scared her, but this… this one took the cherry on the cake.
Lily studied her reaper, he was moving deathly slow, that was a good sign she thought, when Reapers move slow it means her death won't be soon, right? every Reaper looked different, different clothes, different personalities, some can talk, some can't, most remain silent. Lily studied her Reaper, He had brown curly hair, a crooked nose, dark soulless black eyes and pale skin with scars on them, she didn’t know how he had scars on his skin, Reapers never lived… right?
The Reaper had torn clothes, and from the looks of it, a red wet substance, which she guessed was blood.. Which scared her even more, how did a reaper get blood on their clothes? Did they kill animals for fun or something? Were they in the splash zone when a murder happened? More importantly, how is he able to have something on him? no one could see each others Reapers, they were there, but they weren't.. objects can't hit them, can't attach themselves onto them, and Reapers can't be harmed.. what was different about Lily's Reaper?
Her thought got cut off when her vision went dark, or rather.. The space in front of the closet door, she tried to remain calm, she tried to control her breathing, and her fear.. But this was terrifying, her reaper was at the door moving faster than he ever had been, and the pale man was standing there.. Just standing.. That was until he moved his hand into his robes pocket.
Reaching out a smooth wand like stick, he lifted his arms up and whispered “Alohomora” the second the words left his thin lips the doors swung open, Lily screamed silently, she couldn’t breathe, she couldn’t think, and she couldn’t process the words that the man spoke next.
“Lily Potter, I’ve been looking for you. You are a threat to my plans, but don’t worry. I’ll end you soon, your son in the next room will be next, you will see him shortly.” the instant the man mentioned her son, Lily Potter shuttered, her face flushed red with anger, but that was until she noticed her Reaper.. He was crouching down next to her. “Are you ready to die?” Lily turned her head to look at the reaper she desperately hated, he asked the question, but before she could answer her intruder spoke. “Avada Kedavra”
Lily’s vision went black, and her Reaper, vanished. His task was finished, and his next task was assigned.
Silence did fall when the question was asked, and in the end. So did Lily.









Chapter 2: New Prologue.
    


Summary:

Rewrite of the Prologue, must read because I have changed things!
Tom the Reapers memories about the night Lily died and what happened.



Notes:
Very very very!! sorry for not posting in.. I don't even know how long. I decided to re-read what I wrote, and hated it so I wanted to rewrite it because I got inspiration. At this point it is unlikely I'll make this a new series, due to school and other things in my life. But I'm not sure what holds for the future.
P.S Rewrote the last prologue entirely, and this is the result.
THERE IS MINOR SWEARING BTW.
-Ellie.




Chapter Text
October 31st. A night anticipated by most in both the Wizarding and Muggle world; But to Harry, it signifies the night of his parents death. Even though Harry does not know what happened on the night, his Reaper Tom remembers almost every detail. He remembers how soft and warming Lily Potter’s singing made him feel, even through the cold chill of Death and snow outside. While the gentle hum of lullabies did sooth what little cold he did feel, so did the candles Lily had set out to combat the lack of warmth.
Tom stood at the doorway to Harry’s bedroom, admiring the sight of Lily’s lullaby fading to a hum while Harry drifted off to sleep. It was a nice sight, certainly a calming one. It was also the last calming night Lily will ever have, as her Reaper was closing in from the hallway as well as one Lord Voldemort. The sounds of floorboards creaking alerted Lily of the unexpected and unwelcome guest. Turning around, Lily let out a small gasp. Grabbing out her wand and shouting a stunning spell only proved Lily’s quick thinking and fast reflexes, shame it wouldn’t do her much good as this is Lord Voldemort, the most dangerous flat faced wizard out there.
“Colloportus!” Lily wasted no time in shouting out that spell while reaching for Harry and successfully picking up the now crying newborn. Pointing her wand to the windows, Lily shakily said “Alohomora” and dashed forward in an attempt to get further away from Voldemort, as the bedroom doors swing open. Curses were being said left and right, luckily Lily managed to avoid them all.
Lily, now outside, looks back to Lord Voldemort who is climbing out of the window. Or rather attempting. It was a funny sight you see, James Potter had just arrived home to hear commotion, and like the prankster he his whispered “Engorgio” while pointing his wand to the pale asshole. Many emotions were in the air, confusion from Lily and Lord Voldemort, amusement from young Harry who was now laughing, and a chuckle from James which quickly turned into a serious frown.
The tension in the air had again resurfaced, as Lily was frozen in place. In Harry’s bedroom, standing at the window was Lily’s Reaper, staring at her with an expressionless look on his face, the only movement coming from his mouth as faint words can be heard “Silence will fall when the question is asked” She nearly dropped Harry, but how could she? not when she is paralysed by fear. “Lily, we need to go!” James said, pulling her towards the street.
Voldemort had now got up off the ground, as he had fallen due to lack of stability caused by the sudden growth spurt and bumping his head. Curses were being shouted again from both James and Voldemort. The two different spells locked and linked together in a duel, James still urging Lily to move.
“Lily, What do you see?? We need to go!” James huffed.
Voldemort, who had been quiet up till now besides endless curses, spoke up. “Are you going to stand there like a scared child? Are you not going to leave? Or do you want to die. Tell me Lily, which is it?”
Multiple questions were asked, Lily couldn’t figure out which one caused it, but time moved still for Lily. Her Reapers repeated faint chant had stopped, and colour from her face had drained which made it so only pale skin remained. “My Reaper” Only two words had left her mouth but they made an impact. So much of an impact on James that a surge of uncontrollable power and emotion shot out of his wand, stunning Voldemort temporarily. He knew what the words meant, and what was going to happen.
Lily looked down at her son and soaked in the sight, his innocent pure eyes looking up at her in fascination from the magic, they were almost asking “Mum, what was that!” This was the last moments of her life, she knew it deep inside. James had grabbed her hand and was running away with her, but she couldn’t feel anything but loss, stress, sadness.. She couldn’t hear anything, she couldn’t hear James frantic mumbling, Voldemort shouting curses at them and the sound of magic hitting everything around them, or the sound of snow being crunched underneath them. No, time was slow and meaningless now that she knew she had barely any left.
Her Reaper was waiting, of course, standing down the street under a light that James had them running towards. Lily was terrified of her Reaper. The way he’d stare into her soul, how his robes were always torn and dirty as if they were splashed with mud and blood. How he had scars all over his body, that much she could tell through the variety of holes. His body was tall and frail, face sunken in as if he hasn’t slept in months or had any food.. But Reapers don’t need sleep or food, Right? Their jobs were to stalk us from the moment we are born to the day we die.
“James.. Take Harry” Lily said while gently shoving Harry into his arms.
“What?” James asked but was cut off from the realisation as Lily stopped under the light post.
Staring Death in the face, Lily ignored her fears, and let him finish his task.
Multiple things happened at once. James stopping to look back at Lily as she gets hit with the death curse, Harry crying while her lifeless body hit the ground, Sirius running out from behind a bush and stunning Voldemort with a spell, seconds later disapparating away with Harry and James, and leaving Lily behind.
Yup, October 31st was one hell of a night. One Tom would never forget, and one he vows to never tell Harry.