Chapter 1: Prologue
    




Chapter Text
Everyone knew that talented people would have talented children. As imprints of their parents, there was no such thing as a baby being blank slates. From the moment they were born they carried over genetics that have been passed down from the most distant ancestor. Children are bound by their parents, by their history. So, it came to no one's surprise when Rose was born with a head full of Weasley red and Granger wit, after all, she was the first born of the Ron Weasley and Hermione Granger. She was made of two-thirds of the Golden Trio, no one else can say the same (except Hugo). Rose thought that her childhood was peaceful, especially when compared to the number of rules her parents broke before they turned 18. She was always surrounded by family, each one equally talented and famous. She never felt odd about there status in the wizarding world. It was normal to have heroes in the family, especially since the war was not so long ago. Loud meals at the Burrow, quidditch with her cousins, the occasional visit from her Muggle side of the family, and reading in her favourite armchair took up most of her time. She didn't want for anything.However when she stood on Platform 9 3/4 for the first time, she realised that she wasn't ready. She felt the legacy of heroes behind her back, but none of their bravado in her heart. She desperately wanted to be ready, to be confident. It was one thing to have adults stare during trips to Diagon Alley as a child, and another to have hundred of children--her age and older, whisper beside her as if she couldn't hear them. She kept her head up high back then, with her delicate face tilted up in false confidence. “Do you think she’s a know-it-all like her mum?”“Or maybe a dunce like her dad.”“Its not fair to be in the same year as her and still have the Potters.”“Oh Merlin, they breed like rabbits.”"Do you think its true what they say about red-heads? Especially a Weasley?"They talked about mum and dad. They talked about her, from the color of her hair to the number of freckles that dotted her nose. Nothing was spared from their scrutiny.There were kind smiles, but more curious stares and glares. Her chest tightened, her palms were wet, and she felt a chill run down her spine. She never felt the need to be cautious when she was with family. Back home she had her parents and Hugo. Back home she could visit any cousin, from Albus to Victorie. Back home she didn't have to be anyone else but herself. Everyone was grounded, they were more than what the Daily Prophet painted over the years. But now, James and Albus weren't her cousins, they were the Potters. She wasn't Rose; she was a Granger and a Weasley. She remembered stories of Rita Skeeter and Lavender Brown. She thought it was funny back then, the sour face her mum would make every time they reminisced over their antics. How her mum would always try to change the subject or clench her gentle hands into small fists from time to time. It all made sense: the violation of privacy, the speculations, the pressure. James and Albus stood by her, and old family friends came one after another as she waited for the Hogwarts Express. They unknowingly blocked her from all the strangers and she was grateful for it. She said her good-byes to her parents and gave them a kiss on the cheek. She smiled and waved like nothing was wrong, but as she boarded the carriage with a firm resolve. She promised herself that no one was going to crawl under her skin the same way again.









Chapter 2: Too Close for Comfort
    




Chapter Text
Rose followed her cousins to their favorite car. It was hard to cram all the Weasley cousins into one room, so they divided themselves accordingly sans prefects. They had an unspoken rule with how they would split up, they separated according to age bracket and split siblings apart. While the family was close, it became difficult to really catch up given how large the family was. When the doors closed, Rose let out a sigh of relief. She tried to avoid looking at the people passing by the window as they walked and talked and pointed at her cousins and family friends as if they were animals at the muggle zoo. When she was a child, she thought they couldn't see her through the glass, but now she isn't so sure anymore. They might have just ignored her the same way she ignored the crowd. It was unfortunate she had nothing wrong with her peripheral vision. "Yeah, it's always that crazy," James said in a teasing tone. He stretched out his legs to the seat across him and settled into a comfortable position, "no, use ignoring it. Its been three years since the first Potter and they still act as if dad was around. We get it, they did good. But is it too much to ask for them to move on?" Fred gave him a patronized look, "Being living proof that their parents survived genocide isn't something you can easily get over. I bet their parents have traumas from the war and stories. Don't act as if you don't like the attention." "Attention? I love. The lack of privacy? Not so much." "Are you sure James? You don't seem to mind it?" Albus teased."Everything in the service of a good prank is worth it. But a crowd of girls following me into the loo? No, thank you."As James, Fred, and Albus went back and forth, Louis noticed Rose's discomfort."It honestly isn't that bad. The upperclassmen and professors don't care as much. Most of the unwanted attention came from people our age, think 5th year and below. You can cut that by a third when you disregard the muggle-born. They didn't grow up with the stories--less hero-worship by proxy."Rose gave him a small smile, "I don't mind. It was just, um, new? Yeah, it was new. Give it a week, I'll be fine." "Rosie if anyone gives you a hard time you know where to go. The older students leave us alone because of Teddy, but in case some random slob gets any ideas, you just come to us, okay?" Said Fred."No going about being brave, you can do that and tell us. If not, then go to Roxanne or Molly. Right?"
"Right!" Molly chimed across Rose. "Though if you need to really scare them, Roxanne is your best bet," she amended after a beat.Louis laughed, "no one, not even Teddy is as scary as Roxanne." Everyone in the car solemnly nodded. They were all too aware of Roxanne's tenacity. Rose looked outside the window and watched the blue peek from the trees until the lake and the castle come into full view. "It's beautiful," Rose whispered under her breath. As soon as she entered the doors of the Great Hall, everything would begin. The next seven years of her life, her job, maybe even her own family are left up to the house and her friends.