Chapter 1: Chapter 1
    




Chapter Text
Swirling darkness twisted the night air around him. A hundred faceless men stood witnesses to this horrible scene. Traitor, the harsh wind seemed to whisper and the rustling robes of his audience echoed the sentiment. They knew.
A single pillar of smoke stepped forward from the wall of black surrounding him, as if a slice of the very night drew closer with a cackling laughter at odds with fluidity of the scene. "Traitor!"
His body shook from a wicked curse at the point of the other man's wand. The moment had come; the moment he had dreaded for a lifetime, but had always expected: he was going to die.
Red eyes glowed from within the depth of the limitless black. Eyes he knew could see straight into his mind, past his flesh, past his fears, into his very soul. For a moment he feared that his soul, tainted as it may have been, would be ripped from his body as if from the kiss of a dementor. But he was powerless to stop it. "Avada Kedavra!"
Severus gasped in a gulp of air so hard that it strangled him. The room was dark, but the cheap, harsh light of Spinner's End filtered in through his moth-eaten curtains and he could see that the only things twisting around him were his own threadbare sheets. Wiping a clammy palm across his sweat-soaked brow, Severus panted a moment more before slipping out of bed and heading to the bathroom for a cold shower.
It was that place in between asleep and awake that he most dreaded. There, paranoia could seep into his very bones, and he could believe even his worst nightmares. It was for this reason, each time sleep brought such visions of horror, that he immediately sought the cognizance of being awake.
"Merlin," he groaned as the cold water poured down his back. He had accepted long ago that he would not survive the final conflict between the Dark Lord and Potter, but that acceptance did not make it any less frightening. Not that he had much to live for, but he feared for the fate of his soul in its tattered condition. Life had been its own brand of hell. If the afterlife was worse, he had good reason to fear death.
The Butterfly Effect. It was such a whimsical name for something so complex and difficult to comprehend. Hermione Granger stared up at the ceiling over her bed, biting her nails as she contemplated the text she was currently immersed in. Her hair fell like a bushy waterfall over the edge of the mattress and her legs were stretched out up the wall beside her bed. A heavy hardback rested on her stomach, opened against her blouse, the pages crinkling slightly with the steady rise and fall of her breathing.
Having run out of books on magic that she hadn't read several times already, Hermione had delved into her parents' 'philosophy and science' shelf. Chaos theory, she mused, was a decidedly unnerving idea. Her mind immediately made the jump to Harry and Voldemort and what it could mean for the future of the Wizarding World. If something as simple as a glance in someone's direction could have an effect profound enough to alter that person's future…
Hermione breathed in deeply. She knew it wasn't as simple as that. Every movement in the entire world sent out ripples and was caused by ripples. Perhaps the fate of humanity had been determined the moment the stars were born. This was why she so loved Arithmancy. If every action or reaction was caused by something else, and every cause could be calculated after the fact, did that mean that the future was already set in stone like the other side of the equals sign in a mathematical equation and that adding up every miniscule variable would, in effect, predict the future?
Suddenly, Hermione's hair was yanked painfully as her beloved ginger kitty, Crookshanks, caved to the temptation of the dangling curls. "Ouch!" Hermione swung her legs back down and flipped over to stare down at the fat, orange menace. "What was that for?!" She laughed into his squished face as he looked up at her with an ironic expression. Reaching down, she grabbed hold of the fluffy culprit and dragged him onto the bed beside her. "Oh, Crooks. What am I going to do? The World is in chaos and we may have a war by the end of the year! And yet, I find myself hoping that it can wait just a little longer so that I can at least take my NEWTS." She cringed at her own admission. Voicing the thought aloud made it seem so much more selfish than it had in her head. But they were about to begin their seventh year at Hogwarts, and she had been looking forward to the NEWTS since she'd first known she was a witch.
"Hermione!" her mother's voice called from the bottom of the stairs. "Supper's ready!" Hermione sighed. Tonight was her last night at home with her family before going to stay at Order Headquarters with Harry and Ron. She was going to miss her parents desperately, especially because she couldn't be sure she would ever see them again. But she was looking forward to seeing her friends and spending the rest of the summer planning for their final year at Hogwarts and the inevitable upcoming war.
"Albus, old fool, surely you must realize that the boy is pitifully ill equipped to challenge the Dark Lord. Your platitudes will not suffice to bring him to the cusp of victory. Your Golden Boy needs a taste of bitter reality." Severus was pacing the small study in aggravation as he spoke to his colleague. His mood was made darker with his own powerlessness to rid the old man of the insufferable twinkle that forever seemed to emanate from those penetrating, blue eyes.
"You underestimate the boy, Severus," the Headmaster cheerfully replied. Severus snorted at that absurdity.
"Someone has to be realistic, Albus. Someone has to see beyond the façade of flawlessness you've wrapped around the boy. We are all doomed if you have bought into it, yourself."
"And I suppose you believe that you would be better qualified to prepare Harry for this upcoming conflict?" Severus suppressed a retort at the old man's blasé attitude.
"Yes."
"Fine." Severus froze in his steps and turned to look at the older wizard.
"What?"
"I said…" Albus drew out, slowly, "'fine.' Now if that is all?" The Headmaster began to stand, a process that was made slow by the creaking of his old joints as he pried himself from the squashy cushions of the old couch.
"What do you mean 'if that is all'?" Severus shouted, leaning his weight against the back of an armchair facing the professor. "Of course it's not bloody all! You know what I am asking, Albus, and I know you have an answer. Now, enough with your petty mind games!"
"Alright, Severus. There's no need to shout." Severus growled angrily at this pronouncement. The old goat really knew how to rile his temper. I shouldn't give him so much power. "I will contact Horace tomorrow. If—that is an if, Severus—he agrees to resume his old position, I will allow you to take up the post as the new Defense Against the Dark Arts Professor." By the magnanimous way with which Albus bestowed this great kindness upon Severus, he had no doubt that the old man had been eagerly anticipating making that announcement. For Severus, however, there was no monumental sentiment in the achievement of acquiring a position he had asked for every summer for sixteen years. Rather, he sighed tiredly and relaxed against the chair beneath his grip.
"Thank you," he murmured. A small part of him was merely pleased that he would have the opportunity to teach his favorite subject before he died. He loved Potions because that was who he was. But he loved the Dark Arts and defense against them because he had been seduced by them himself and he knew, better than almost anyone, the price one paid for succumbing to that dark temptation.
In his position as a spy, Severus never had the opportunity to fight off the Dark Arts. He was forced to embrace them. Yet, in his mind, those defenses would play out again and again as if on a loop in lieu of fulfillment. More than anything, he wanted to fight against the temptress; the siren of the darkness. And he would do so, but only vicariously, through his students. Finally, he would have retribution.
Grimmauld Place was the den of chaos that Hermione had always expected it to be. What she never remembered, however, was how tiring that chaos could be after a day of listening to Fred and George teasing Ginny, while Harry caught up with Sirius, and Ron drooled after Fleur Delacour. The half-veela was about to be married to his brother, for Merlin's sake! Not that she cared, really. Any feelings she may have had for Ron last year had melted away when she realized how shallow he really was. But it did put her at odds with the rest of the people present because she suddenly found that she was the odd one out.
It was for this reason that Hermione had given in to the desire to visit her favorite room in the house. The Black Family library was not particularly impressive, but what it lacked in size, it made up for in eccentricity. From household management charm books to old tomes dealing with the dark arts, one never knew what to expect when picking a book at random from one of the rickety shelves. And after her little dip into chaos theory, picking a book at random was exactly what Hermione had wanted to do.
Unfortunately, the first book she pulled from the shelf was a dusty old guide for preparing severed House elf heads to mount on the wall. Stuffing it back in disgust, Hermione decided that a second choice would still be random. She wrinkled her nose when she drew The Magical Mythologies: Witches and Wizards Worshipped by Muggles Willingly and almost returned it to its place as well. Something on the cover of the book caught her eye, however, and she pulled it closer for a better look. There, in gold filigree after the title and the name of the author was the sideways 8 that she knew was a symbol for infinity. She smoothed a thumb over the surface of the emblem and smiled. The very same symbol had been sewn throughout her father's chaos theory text. The Universe does not play with dice, she told herself.
Hours later, she made her way back upstairs to rejoin the madness, only to find that no one was in the boys' room, where they usually spent their evenings. Perhaps they've all gone down to the kitchen? As she made her way downstairs, the door to the study opened and she froze in her tracks. Professor Dumbledore stepped out of the room, looking rather pleased with himself. She wondered what could have put that dotty smile on his face. He headed straight for the exit and she wondered how long he had been at Grimmauld and if he was planning to return. As the front door closed, she almost returned to her task of descending the stairs, but a faint sound made her stop.
Professor Snape, dreaded Potions Master and Head of Slytherin House stepped out of the study, looking more tired than she had ever seen him. His head was bowed as he closed the door and she watched his shoulders slump as he exhaled deeply, bringing a hand up to pinch the bridge of his nose. For an instant, she was reminded of her reading the day before and a sudden twist of paranoia in her gut made her shiver with the sickening thought that her eyes upon him now could cause a chain reaction somehow leading him to his doom. She shook her head. It could just as easily be the other way around. Then, the moment was gone, and so was her professor.
Hermione breathed a sigh of relief and continued down the stairs. As she reached the kitchen door, she could hear angry yelling inside. Curious, she stepped into the doorframe. Immediately, her eyes flew wide as she took in the scene before her. Ron and Ginny were shouting across the table at one another, wands drawn. Apparently, the topic was Fleur.
"You just don't know her!" Ron yelled indignantly, his face red in an ugly contrast to his hair.
"Oh, and you do?!" Ginny countered, though Hermione noticed that her own angry blush was somehow beautiful. Ginny had really blossomed in the last couple of years, and the boys had already noticed.
"Well…" Ron sputtered, "I—it's just—she…" Hermione decided that she shouldn't be here. Taking a step backward, she collided with something very solid. She gasped in surprise as long, pale hands reflexively clutched her upper arms. They were gone almost the instant that they touched her bare skin, but not before her head had jerked around to meet the dark, forbidding eyes of Professor Snape. She leapt away from him, back into the kitchen.
"S-sorry, sir," she managed, feeling her cheeks grow hot with embarrassment as his shock faded into an ugly sneer. All it took him was two steps into the kitchen and silence reigned. Hermione spun around to see that her friends' red faces had drained of color in the space of an instant. Such was the Potions Master's talent for terror.
"If you feel the need to continue bickering," he began lazily in that silky baritone, "take it elsewhere." Hermione could see Ron's jaw set in anger and his face was beginning to redden again. "You may be under the impression that this is your home, but allow me to disillusion you of that falsehood. 12 Grimmauld Place is the Headquarters of the Order of the Phoenix. And, unless I am much mistaken, the next session of bickering is not scheduled until tomorrow afternoon, when the Headmaster returns." Hermione's jaw dropped at the mocking tone of his voice. Was he making a joke? "Now, go away. I wish to enjoy my tea in peace."
Ron looked like he was going to argue, but Ginny grabbed his arm, shaking her head meaningfully as she dragged him toward the door. Hermione watched them leave, only to find herself alone with Snape. Her cheeks began to heat again with embarrassment as she slipped past him to follow her friends back upstairs.









Chapter 2





Chapter Text
Hermione followed Ginny and Ron all the way to the top of the stairs where the boys were apparently gathered to watch Sirius feed Buckbeak. She noticed Harry's double-take when Ginny entered the room and was amused to note the boy's faint blush as he pretended to watch Sirius pull out the next dead ferret. Ron quickly joined the other boys while Ginny wrinkled her nose and swept back through the door. In hearty agreement, Hermione followed.Ginny was sitting up in her bed staring into thin air when Hermione returned to their shared bedroom. The older girl hesitated before approaching her friend. "Ginny? Is something the matter?" Ginny snorted bitterly."Is there ever not something the matter?" she replied with a half-smile to lighten the heavy turn in conversation. Hermione smiled back, ignoring the comment."You can talk to me, you know," she said softly. Ginny seemed to consider her thoughtfully. The two of them had never really been close. Ginny's real bond to the Trio was through Quidditch more than anything else, and Hermione had never been involved with that. In fact, she had never even realized this negligence to form a relationship with the other girl until now. They had shared a bedroom for a few years now, but there had always been a distance between them. In this moment, Hermione had the sudden impression that she was reaching across the gap, waiting for Ginny to decide if they should bridge it. They were all in this together, after all. And they had plenty in common just from having to put up with Ron and Harry for so many years."It's Harry," Ginny confessed. Hermione felt her shoulders relax with a sudden relief and she smiled. "I know he's interested, but he keeps pushing me away. Some nonsense about me becoming more of a target than I already am. I've tried to talk to him, but he won't listen. He's stubborn that way." Ginny's lips turned up in an affectionate smile as she looked down at her feet on the mattress."Oh, Ginny," Hermione sighed sympathetically. "Harry just doesn't want anyone to get hurt. He really cares about you. I know he does. Every time you enter the room, his eyes latch onto you. I'm sure when this is all over he'll come around and make up for lost time.""But I don't want to wait until then! We don't know what this war is going to bring! We may not even survive that long! Of course I certainly can't tell him that. He'd just pull away even more." Hermione opened her mouth to say something reassuring, but was cut off when Ginny continued with an air of confession. "And then there's Fleur. All the men in the house are practically drooling over her. I know it's not love. It's pure lust, but that doesn't make it any better. I can't help but think 'what am I compared with her?' and it just makes the rejection so much worse." Ginny's eyes looked a little misty and Hermione was taken aback. Ginny Weasley was a brave, tough warrior of a woman. She didn't cry."No. Don't you even think that," Hermione commanded. "Ginny, you are striking! Don't you notice how much attention the boys give you at school? And Harry sees it, too. Of that, I am positive.""Maybe, but he has a history with Fleur. They were in the Triwizard Tournament together…""That doesn't mean anything, Ginny. He loves you. I know he does." Ginny met Hermione's eyes at that and smiled beautifully."You think so?" Hermione nodded, suddenly afraid she may have said too much. "Oh, Hermione! I love him too! I always have! I just wish he would stop being stubborn. Merlin, how I want to get that boy alone!" Hermione choked a little at that pronouncement."You want to what?""I want to show him just how much I love him, if you know what I mean." Ginny's expression turned mischievous and Hermione's eyes widened. Boy, this sure escalated quickly."A-are you sure, Gin? It's a really big step… and…"she was interrupted by the other girl's laughter."Not that I don't appreciate the sentiment, but you're a bit late on that one." Hermione's jaw dropped in surprise."Dean?" she asked after a moment's thought."Yeah… I have to admit, I kind of regret jumping into things with him. But I was trying so hard to get over Harry and it didn't look like we'd ever end up together." She shrugged. "Oh, well. What's done is done." Hermione was suddenly very curious. Sex had never really been on the agenda for her, even despite Victor Krum's clumsy fumblings, so it was shocking that Ginny had already experienced it."How was it?" she heard herself ask. Ginny laughed, raising an eyebrow at Hermione's obvious interest."Well, the first time was awful. I mean, I always heard that it was painful, but Hermione… you just don't know. It's horrible. I was so relieved when Dean didn't even last a minute." She laughed guiltily. "Poor thing, he tried so hard…"Suddenly the door to the bedroom was swung open and the boys invaded their territory, jumping up onto their beds, still deep in discussion about Buckbeak."Did you see the way he ripped that last one open? Guts everywhere!" Amidst the chaos, Hermione and Ginny exchanged knowing glances and rolled their eyes at the silly boys in their lives.It was four days before Professor Dumbledore returned to the house. All evening Hermione looked for an opportunity to speak with him, but he was constantly accompanied by other members of the Order discussing much more pressing issues than her little request. The talk she had had with Ginny the other night had put her in mind of their vulnerability. It was true that they were all targets in this war. In fact, it wasn't out of the range of possibility that one of them could be captured and used to bait Harry. The thought sent a tremor of terror down her spine. Even if he didn't rise to the bait, a tap into their minds would probably give Voldemort enough information about Harry to defeat him. That was why she wanted to ask the Headmaster about Occlumency. It was an idea she had had for a long time, but had finally decided could wait no longer. Though, she admitted privately, the main reason she hadn't talked to Dumbledore before now was that she was afraid of dealing with Snape. But something about the vulnerability she had seen in his tired features the other night lessened her fear just enough. Therefore, when she spotted the Headmaster heading down to the kitchen late after dinner, presumably for tea, she jumped on the opportunity."Professor," she began without hesitation when she found him alone at the kitchen table."Ah, yes, Miss Granger. I had the impression that you were looking to talk to me. Is there something I can help you with?""Yes, Professor," she replied, relieved. This was going smoother than she could have hoped. It wasn't that she had any sort of unreasonable demand from him. Quite the contrary, Hermione believed that this idea would be for the best for everyone involved. "I have been wanting to ask you about something. I have been thinking and I came to realize that Ron and I are vulnerabilities. If one of us was captured, Voldemort could use us to get to Harry. I don't really know what we can do about that, because Harry would never allow anything to happen to one of us, but that isn't my main concern. You told us before that You-Know-Who…""Say his name, Miss Granger. Fear of the name only increases fear of the thing itself.""Alright. You told us before that… Voldemort… can read minds?" the Headmaster nodded, looking very pleased."And you are worried that he will exploit the content of your mind and use it against Harry." It was not a question, but Hermione answered anyway."Yes. That's why I've been thinking that we ought to learn Occlumency to reduce the damage that would cause." She paused. The Headmaster had a funny, little smile on his face as he considered her."Very practical, Miss Granger. Always thinking ahead." She wasn't sure if she should respond to that comment or not, but was saved the decision when the Headmaster continued. "I will consider this and give you an answer as soon as I can." His polite smile told her that the conversation was over, but it looked like the odds were in her favor."Thank you, sir," she murmured with a relieved sigh. He nodded in dismissal and she turned to leave.Severus Snape was as deeply immersed in the text before him as he was in the bottle of fire whiskey on the table beside him. Even through the haze of drunken numbness he could tell that this new book on Potions Theory held no information that would be new to him. No matter how far and wide he searched for books to challenge his understanding of the subject, he always came up short. There came a point when the discoveries of other wizards failed to explain any more than he already knew. He was not hesitant, therefore, to toss the book aside when green flames leapt from within his fireplace and the head of Albus Dumbledore appeared."Severus?" the old man called, "Are you busy?" Severus drained the rest of his glass and growled his response."No."At that, the Headmaster stepped into the small study of Severus's home on Spinner's End. He looked around the place, as if taking in the changes made since the last time he had visited. Severus resisted the urge to roll his eyes. Nothing had changed about this place since Albus had been there the summer before. Then the man's old eyes settled on the half-empty bottle and turned hard."Indulging in an old habit, Severus?" His voice was stern with reprimand, but it did not faze the younger wizard."Would you care for a glass?" Severus offered impertinently. With a wave of his hand a second tumbler appeared next to his own, but Albus waved it away."Actually I only came to discuss your eagerness to ensure Harry's preparation for the upcoming war." Severus's eyes slanted in suspicion. The old fart was about to use his own words against him. He responded by pouring a measure of the whiskey into his glass and taking a sip. "I think you will be at a better advantage to teach him if you are staying at Grimmauld Place." Ah."No." It was a simple statement and brooked no argument. The Headmaster's answering grin held the cunning of a man who had just placed his opponent in check."Ah, but Severus, this summer will give you an unparalleled opportunity to instruct them without the other students present.""Them?" Severus felt an angry thrum of foreboding."Yes. Miss Granger made the astute point that it might be beneficial to teach Mr. Weasley and herself Occlumency, as a cautionary measure.""She what?!""Now, Severus, you of all people should support such a decision. After all, they know a great deal about you that Tom might find interesting given the opportunity to delve into their minds." Severus ground his teeth together. Albus's tone of giddy obliviousness did not fool him. If he did not consent, it would become a demand. Curse that meddling know-it-all!Hermione pulled aside the vinyl curtain and stepped over the edge of the bathtub. A thin layer of mist began to settle across the mirror, but it was nothing compared to the clouds of steam that poured out of the bathroom whenever Ron took a shower. Hermione patted her skin dry and wrapped the towel in her hair before clearing the mirror of its condensation. Once again, she was confronted with her own reflection.There were slight bags under her eyes from the stress and sleepless nights of late and she cringed at the sallow complexion at odds with the current season. Her gaze swept over the rest of her body and she gave a deep sigh. She was certainly no Fleur; nor a Ginny for that matter. The other girls were so beautiful, with a stunning charisma that drew the heads of wizards wherever they went. Hermione had had a glimpse of that at the Yule ball, years ago, but it was not something she was likely to ever become familiar with. Wrinkling her nose in disgust at her slender form, she pulled the towel from her hair to wrap around herself, effectively hiding her body from view. Her hands worked mechanically, turning the towel in precise folds to leave the embroidered "H" front and center without even thinking about it.Unzipping her little bag of toiletries, Hermione pulled her toothbrush and toothpaste from their respective places and was opening the cap of her Mother's recommended brand when there was a sudden commotion outside the door. Someone was yelling. Whether it was in anger or panic she could not discern. She froze, wide eyed, concentrating on the sound to decide if intervention was necessary. When a loud smash shook the walls of the bathroom, Hermione's mind was made up. Thinking that Ron and Ginny must have been having another row, she burst out of the bathroom in her towel.A movement to her left drew her attention as the dark form of Professor Snape spun around to face her. "Granger!" he shouted angrily. If the cold rage in his eyes was any indication, the man was furious. He swooped down upon her as he continued his yelling. "Insufferable pest!" he was saying. Her back was to the wall as he towered over her, practically spitting with fury. She could smell the potent stench of whiskey on his breath and was fairly certain that she had never been this afraid. "Do you have no consideration for anyone besides your precious Golden Trio?!" he said the words with such deep loathing that she flinched with fear."Thanks to your little entreaty to the Headmaster, I have been deprived of the only peace I ever have away from you dunderheaded brats!" Snape huffed angrily and his eyes suddenly darted down to the towel wrapped around her. He seemed to freeze, as if he hadn't noticed it until now, but his shocked expression was instantly replaced with a wicked sneer. "You would be the type to wear your towels with the soft side facing away from your skin." Suddenly, he swept away from her, back down the hallway in the direction he had been headed before, continuing his angry rant. "Mindless sheep! Never questioning what they're supposed to do!" He slipped into a room on the right side of the hall and there was a loud bang as if he had kicked something before he slammed the door.Hermione hesitated only a moment for her heartbeat to slow. Her face was hot and her knees were trembling. Then, she flew back into the bathroom and locked the door behind her. Oh Merlin, what the hell have I done?!









Chapter 3





Chapter Text
Hermione unwrapped the towel from around her flushed body. She had never considered that the embellished side was softer than the other. It irked her that he had seen through her characteristic need to conform to the rules. Tossing the towel aside in irritation, she reached for her undergarments. Merlin, she had been in a towel! In front of Professor Snape! Her blush returned full force as that strange fact hit her once again at full force. It was coming in waves as if her mind couldn't quite grasp the concept all at once for more than a moment. And he was furious! She was certainly not looking forward to bumping into him again. In fact, she was starting to regret her request for Occlumency classes. Hermione groaned as she reached for her pajamas. This was such a big mistake!
Hermione slipped the soft, baby blue tee over her bare breasts, but hesitated before donning her favorite grey shorts. She ran a hand over the soft material of the garment, realizing for the first time that they too were softer on the outside. Conform to the rules or conform to Snape's teasing? Stick with the tried and true or walk on the wild side? A teensy shiver of excitement ran over Hermione's skin at the mere rebellion of it. Slipping the shorts over her long legs she relished in the sensation of the soft material against her skin. Funny how a new take on something can bring about an entirely new appreciation for it.
When she returned to her bedroom, Ginny was not there. Her lips quirked as she remembered the way the pretty redhead had been cheering Harry on in his losing battle against Ron, the chess champ. As she slipped between the sheets, she wondered if Ron had left them alone yet. Hermione nestled down into her pillow, the rush of breaking with the norms already faded away. Still, she admitted to herself, her shorts certainly were even more comfortable this way. Perhaps next time she'd leave off the undies as well. Hermione's eyes popped open. That would certainly be breaking with the norm. Walk on the wild side? Grinning mischievously, Hermione struggled with her clothing until she was able to remove the garment. Soft fabric brushed magnificently against soft skin. Oh, yes, this is deliciously wicked!

When Severus entered the kitchen the following morning, he suppressed a groan at the sight of his old nemesis, Sirius Black, seated at the head of the table. They had had a bit of a confrontation the night before when Albus had unceremoniously dumped him on the dingy doorstep of the Black residence with naught but a suitcase of clothes and books from his own home. At least he and the mongrel pup had agreed on one thing: Severus Snape living at Order Headquarters was the worst idea the old man had had since asking the two of them to let bygones be bygones.
Luckily, the Weasley twins were also present, or the professor might have had to teach an old dog a new lesson. Molly was absent, but platters of steaming breakfast foods told him that she had been there not long ago. The twins nodded in greeting at their Potions Master, but continued an enthusiastic discussion about one of their latest experiments as he grabbed a plate from the counter and helped himself to the bounty. There was a large pot of tea alongside the dishes. Caffeine. It was certainly a day for caffeine. Severus retrieved an old mug from one of the cabinets and poured a generous portion of the hot brew before sitting down to his breakfast. He ate mechanically, not because he particularly wanted any of it, but because rationally he knew that his body needed it. Today was bound to be a difficult day and he was going to need his strength.
He was starting into his eggs as a haggard-looking Remus Lupin wandered in. "Remus!" Black shouted happily. The werewolf merely groaned in acknowledgement. He was obviously still recuperating from the full moon last week. Severus was surprised to see that Lupin received the same greeting from the twins that he himself had been given. "How's my cousin treating you?" persisted Black.
"She's fine," Remus murmured as he poured himself a mug of the hot tea. He made a gesture of the teapot to Black, as if to offer him some.
"No thanks. I detest the brew," replied the mutt before continuing to pester his friend, oblivious to the man's obvious fatigue. "How're things going on that front? I noticed the two of you getting pretty cozy on the couch the other night…" Severus was getting rather annoyed and was about to interrupt the one-sided dialogue when Granger stepped into the room. His lips immediately twisted in a sneer to express the anger rising up within him. It was hard to believe that this slender chit with that uncontrollable mane of sleep-frizzed hair, rubbing the sleep from her eyes like a babe was the reason for his current stint in hell.
Granger moved automatically toward the cabinet and reached up on tiptoes to withdraw a mug. It was then that he noticed. The soft gray shorts she wore were turned inside-out. She caught his glance, coming out of her daze for the first time, and he smirked at her. Her embarrassed blush was proof of her guilt, but she lifted her chin in defiance and went to pour the tea. It was then that Severus realized that Black's monologue had ceased. He glanced over at the other man and was shocked to see the way the mongrel was staring at Granger with unconcealed lust. His first thought was that Black must indeed have been desperate to pine after the bushy-haired child.
"Hermione," Black murmured as the girl placed her mug on the table. "Would you mind fetching me a cup as well?" Severus's eyes narrowed at the man and he found himself inexplicably angry that the stupid girl complied without question. He watched her slink back to the cabinet, rising up on tiptoes once more, and this time it was obvious that the girl was not wearing anything beneath the thin layer of cotton pajamas. Taking it a bit far, Miss Granger?
The girl poured the dog some of the hot brew and then asked in a voice hoarse from sleep how he took his tea. "Black," he purred, and she handed it to him before going to doctor her own mug with cream and sugar. "Come sit over here, Hermione, next to me." The little fool smiled innocently at Black, but shook her head.
"I was going to get some reading in before the boys wake up," she replied before grabbing a piece of buttered toast and slipping out the door, her bare feet padding softly against the hard floor. Severus continued with his breakfast. It was no matter to him how she wished to parade herself around the house. Here, away from Hogwarts, she was not his responsibility.
"Is Hermione seeing anyone?" Black asked the twins, who seemed to have finally come to an agreement and were finishing up their bacon. Their eyebrows rose in unison before George answered.
"No. Don't think so."
"Boys! What are you doing? Pretty thing like that flouncing about with nothing to do all summer and none of you charming lads have done anything about it?" The twins grinned impishly.
"Well, it looked like she and Ron were going to have a thing for a bit, but nothing's come of it, so I dunno," said Fred. Black sighed dramatically.
"Phew, if I were ten years younger…" Severus had had enough. It took all of his self-control not to hex the dirty bastard as he swept from the room.

"Now," began their dark professor in his most intimidating tone once they were all seated on the couch in the study. "You are here," he was saying as he paced back in forth in front of them, in his typical lecture stance, "because Miss Granger…" here he deliberately paused, ensuring that the boys were both made very aware whom to blame for this, "has decided that the three of you need Occlumency lessons." Ron turned to glare at Hermione as Harry's jaw dropped open in shocked betrayal. She shrunk into the cushions. Perhaps it would have been a good idea to tell them her reasons beforehand… but she stood by the assertion that these lessons would be beneficial to all of them.
"Now, as Occlumency is not a subject particularly well-suited to instruction as a class, I have not yet decided if these lessons will be undertaken individually or as a whole. So, for the moment, we will do both." Ron gasped in outrage. "Do not interrupt, Mr. Weasley! You have no one to blame but the erroneously-dubbed 'Brains' of your own little triumvirate." Now both boys were glaring at Hermione. She glared right back at them and then at Snape as he continued his lecture.
"Now, there are many mistaken assumptions about the nature of Occlumency. While it is true that specific thoughts and memories require eye-contact for communication, vague senses of emotions or attitudes can be sensed if the Legilimens is merely in close proximity to the person. When it comes to actually 'reading' one's mind, the Legilimens only sees what the person shows them. A skilled Legilimens knows how to make a person bring a thought or memory to the surface of his or her mind. Occlumency is all about mind control." At this point Harry and Ron were very obviously not paying attention, but Hermione was fascinated.
"If the mind is an open book, the Legilimens can only see the open page. The person whose mind is being read ultimately has the power to decide which page. If the Legilimens suggests a chapter, the person only has to suppress the urge to oblige them immediately. Because most people are unused to having to control the paths of their own thoughts, they are incapable of stopping themselves from switching immediately to that page for the Legilimens to read at his leisure. However, a skilled Occlumens can not only refrain from caving in to the impulse of reviewing a particular thought, but is also able to create false pages, if you will, to which he can turn the Legilimens' eye. Have I cleared up any of your foggy notions, or are you too busy staring into space to concentrate on my silly, little lesson?" Hermione was horrified to see that Harry and Ron had missed the entirety of their professor's explanation. Resisting the urge to smack them both over the heads, she met her professor's gaze with a look of exasperation that he surprisingly mirrored.

Severus scowled down at the dunderheads on the couch in front of him. They were wasting his time and he was not going to tolerate that. Not when this was all her fault and he could be doing so many much more important things with his time. Fine. If they couldn't appreciate the worth of the knowledge he was bestowing upon them, perhaps they'd appreciate a quick shock to their senses.
"Weasley, up! You can go first." He had chosen the ginger because he hated him the least and believed, therefore, that his would be the least annoying mind to pillage. The poor fool blanched horribly and then turned to glare at Granger. Severus couldn't keep his lips from turning up in a sneer. Oh, she was going to regret her request for Occlumency lessons. He'd make sure of that. Soon he would have her begging Albus to let him return to Spinner's End.
The tallest and stupidest member of the Golden Trio now stood before him like a deer in the proverbial headlights. "Weasley, I am going to attempt to discover the name of your current love interest. You are going to keep me from learning that secret." It was all the warning he gave the boy as his wand came up to point between two orange brows. He smirked in satisfaction. Like taking candy. "Legilimens!"
A torrent of emotion swirled around Severus's consciousness. The boy was practically having a panic attack. He let the suggestion of a love interest resound inside of Weasley's mind and the first image was one of Granger, which he had expected. But another image was struggling to burst forth; an image of Fleur Delacour. Typical. For a moment, Severus thought that the boy had been trying to confound him with the image of his brunette friend, but then he realized that he himself had brought that image to the surface of Weasley's mind. He had allowed the suggestion that the twins had made over breakfast affect his search criteria. Withdrawing from the boy's mind, he watched in satisfaction as the redhead crumpled onto the floor from the sheer force of his departure.
"Fleur Delacour?" Snape mocked. He was gratified to see Weasley's face grow red as he shot guilty glances at the other two. "How unoriginal," he continued with contempt. Chancing a glance at the Brains of the Trio, he was surprised to see that she was not hurt by this news. He had hoped it would cause her pain, but she only rolled her eyes disdainfully. "Miss Granger, you're next." At that the girl blanched a shocking shade of white and slowly rose to her feet. He smirked at her knowingly and momentarily wondered what secret she was afraid he would reveal.
"Miss Granger, this will be a rather challenging exercise for you. For six years you have proven yourself incapable of not answering a question posed to you." He sneered. "So tell me, Miss Granger, what do you get when you mix powdered root of asphodel with an infusion of wormwood?" He watched the girl's eyes light up immediately with the answer and took the chance to strike. "Legilimens!"
Inside her mind, the professor could feel how desperately she was trying not to think of the answer. A steady chorus of BLAH BLAH BLAH BLAH BLAH sang over the memories flashing through her mind. It was enough to make him grit his teeth in irritation, but he did not relent. Through bits of other memories, a particular vision was making a more and more frequent appearance. He subtly suggested that she show him that one and it came immediately to the front of her mind. He could see himself, looming over a class of first years. "Asphodel and wormwood make a sleeping potion so powerful it is known as the Draught of the Living Dead."
There was an aching sense of disappointment in her mind, but he couldn't be sure if it was attached to the memory or not. Her mind immediately made the switch to something he had said only moments before giving this response: "Put your hand down, you silly girl." The sense of rejection was palpable and he latched onto it, suggesting that she show him more of that vulnerability. She eagerly complied.
Immediately, Hermione's mind dove further into that thread of information, bringing up a wealth of old memories, mostly involving himself. There was the time he had remarked of her magically enlarged front teeth that he could see no difference. Then he saw himself calling her an "insufferable know-it-all." Well, if that struck such a cord with her, he must remember to use it against her in the near future. What was most shocking about this string of memories was that they were all still very clear, as if the girl regularly revisited them. He sneered in disgust as he withdrew from her mind.
The girl made a valiant effort to stay on her feet and was obviously shocked to find tears streaming down her pale cheeks. She wiped them away, embarrassed by her own response, and refused to look at him. He wondered if she was afraid that looking at him would make her cry. Too tempting not to test it. "Pathetic," he murmured scornfully. He watched her square her jaw, but she maintained her gaze in the direction of the fireplace. "Miss Granger your compulsive habit of continually demonstrating your status as the resident know-it-all may be the largest obstacle in your path to becoming an Occlumens." Her eyes popped up to his at that and she lifted her chin against his attack. "If you cannot learn not to flaunt your much-exaggerated intelligence, you will never be able to keep any information from anyone."
"Potter." He turned to the last of the Golden Trio who sat with his arms folded across his chest in defiance. The boy turned white as his friends had, but glared up at his professor rather than complying. "Though I have no hope that these classes will be any more successful than your last Occlumency lessons, they will be very different. Before, you were attempting to learn to close your mind entirely to outside influence. It is a different kind of Occlumency, much suited to our purposes at the time. Now, however, you must learn how to trick the Legilimens into believing that they have gotten the information they wanted. The much less subtle approach of closing one's mind is an invitation for the Legilimens to continue until they have discovered your secrets. Cunning and deception are the only ways to convince your opponent to probe no further. Now, stand up boy. Face me."
Potter rose to the challenge in his tone and stood to face his enemy. His fingers were twitching with the desire to draw his wand. "Potter," Severus intoned again. This was the one he hated most of the three of them; James Potter's son. "Let us start with something simple, shall we? All you have to do, Potter, is not show me how much you hate me. This exercise has often been the difference between life and death for me. It should be easy for you." His voice dripped with sarcasm and scorn. "Ready Potter? Legilimens!"
He expected the boy's temper to rule his thoughts and Potter did not disappoint. Fierce anger directed at himself attacked his senses upon entering the boy's mind. Immediately, a barrage of images flashed by. These were all of the times Potter had felt the most hate for his Potions Master. His attention was drawn to the ones involving Sirius Black. The most recent showed the almost-duel between Black and himself in the dingy kitchen of this very house. Potter's hate had been laced with a bit of fear for his beloved godfather. That immediately led to the night that the mongrel pup had almost been kissed by a dementor. Severus had been elated to finally capture his nemesis, but Black had escaped inexplicably. Potter's memory of events unfolded more information, however. The use of a time-turner at the Headmaster's command. Severus felt a storm of bristling fury building within himself as he watched Hermione Granger lead Potter back in time to thwart himself and save the mutt.
Severus's hasty withdrawal from Potter's mind sent the boy crashing back into the couch with his friends. The hate he felt was mirrored in those bright green eyes. But his own attention was drawn to a pair of startled brown ones. Granger! So she had been the reason for his failure that night! The list of ways in which the girl had made his own life more difficult was growing at an alarming pace. Menace! As the three frightened Gryffindors stared up at his own fierce scowl, Severus Snape vowed to redouble his efforts to make Granger pay for her crimes.









Chapter 4





Chapter Text
Hermione was already bored with her Mythology book and she hadn't even read it all the way through. Even though the stories were supposedly based on historical characters, it read like fiction. In fact, it seemed to her that this book was really just a book on the different Muggle Mythologies with a note here and there reminding the reader that these deities were in fact witches and wizards. Unfortunately, fiction just didn't captivate her thirst for information the way nonfiction did. And reading this book felt like a waste of time when there were so many more pressing matters to attend to. Like defeating Voldemort.But Hermione could not bring herself to brush off the connection between this book and the text on Chaos theory which she had brought from her parents' house. So far, the contents of the Mythology book had not seemed relevant at all to Chaos theory, except that Chaos was one of the first deities, along with Love. But Hermione decided she would at least finish reading it once before returning it to the Black library.Inevitably, Hermione's mind began to wander. Athena in Greek Mythology was named Minerva in the Roman. How fitting that Professor McGonagall would be named for the goddess of war and wisdom. Well, if Professor McGonagall was Athena, who were her other professors? Professor Sprout would definitely be Demeter, the Earth goddess of the harvest. Professor Dumbledore would have to be Zeus, naturally. Flitwick was a bit more difficult to place, but Professor Snape would definitely be Hades.Struck with inspiration, Hermione turned to the section on Hades. In Greek Mythology, the three brothers—Zeus, Poseidon and Hades—drew lots to determine who would rule over which part of the Earth. Zeus was given the heavens, Poseidon the sea, and Hades was sent to rule the Underworld. That seemed horribly unfair, and strikingly appropriate for Snape's position as a spy. After all, someone had to rule over the Underworld, and Hades was the sacrifice to the cause.Except that Hades was never pictured as a victim. He was always depicted as a snarling bastard, just like Snape. Even the etymology of the name fit the surly Potions Master: unseen. The book described him as passive, not evil, and as maintaining balance within the world. And who could possibly maintain that balance better than Severus Snape?At that moment, Ginny slipped into the room. "Mum sent me to let everyone know that supper's ready," the youngest Weasley said before slipping back through the door to find the boys. Mrs. Weasley had taken to sending the girl up rather than shouting, as the latter tended to wake a certain screaming portrait. Hermione happily set her book aside and slipped out of bed to follow her friend down to dinner.Hermione was one of the few to notice that Severus Snape did not join them at dinner. She idly wondered if he was avoiding contact with the rest of them, or if he had been summoned back to the Underworld.Miles away from the joyful atmosphere of Grimmauld Place, Severus looked out on a much darker gathering. Lucius's parties were getting more and more elaborate as he gained more and more favor with the dark lord. This time, he had taken the trouble to have several muggle women brought in as entertainment. In years past, the Death Eaters had enjoyed abducting innocents to bring to their celebrations. More recently, however, Lucius had decided that hiring professionals was much more gratifying, as there were fewer pitiful tears to ruin the occasion. The strippers would still scream when the tables inevitably turned against them and the wizards took control, but screaming was part of the allure.Severus had learned to hide his disgust behind a façade of snobbishness, and after so many revels it was practically routine. However, the image of Peter Pettigrew drooling into the bleached blonde hair of a young woman as he thrust her heavily cosmetically altered Stunned body into the couch was enough to make even Severus cringe and turn away.He caught the eye of his Master, who beckoned his faithful servant to his side. Severus obeyed immediately, trying to hide his concern at the dark lord's request. "Severusss," Lord Voldemort hissed as the professor approached, "why do you not partake of the cccelebration?" Severus bowed his head slightly in humility."My Lord, there are those who live for pleasure and there are those who live for purpose." The snake-man laughed at his response."The two are not mutually exclusive. Have you no interest in the bounty?" Severus was almost sure that it was pure curiosity and not suspicion that drove the dark lord's questions, but only fools would ever claim to know Lord Voldemort's intentions."It is too easy," he found himself saying. It was often a challenge to find a suitable excuse for his behavior, but he had grown accustomed to thinking on the spot. "I enjoy a good challenge. One cannot satiate what is not yet aroused.""Ah, you prefer to struggle for dominance. You enjoy the chase." Severus inclined his head in agreement."Unlike many of my brothers, I am quite accustomed to having the upper hand. Therefore, it holds no excitement for me when I am given the opportunity to force an already submitting woman to submit. I find it boring." The dark lord laughed and Severus suppressed a shiver that itched at his spine."Perhaps one day we will find a woman who will put up a fight for you."Severus returned to Grimmauld Place a little after midnight. He usually came up with an excuse to leave before the real fun began. It already made him nauseous to look into the eyes of the girls who were brought to Malfoy Manor, knowing that they would not be leaving. He could not stay to watch them die. Powerless, he thought, I am completely powerless.As was the norm on nights such as this, Severus slept very little, his dreams twisted with the naked bodies of the women he knew would now be dead. As was customary, he rose before dawn, finally accepting that he would get no more rest, and headed down to the basement kitchen for a cup of tea. Rest was not worth the nightmares.He was the first to the kitchen and set about brewing a pot of tea. As he sat there, in the dark and silence, he couldn't stop the images from leaping into his mind. Pettigrew. That disgusting rat should have been butchered years ago. He pressed his thumbs into the corners of his eyes, pinching the bridge of his nose to sooth an impending headache.It was all because of Pettigrew, really. Pettigrew had betrayed Lily and James. Pettigrew had nurtured the dark lord back to health. Without Pettigrew, lord Voldemort may never have returned to power. And yet, on that one night so many years ago, when Pettigrew escaped to rejoin his Master, Hermione Granger had broken the law and used a time-turner to save Sirius Black. But she did not kill the rat! It was one thing that she had trusted Sirius enough after a two minute explanation to believe him worth the effort to save, when all of the literature suggested that he was a madman hell-bent on murdering Potter. She had even trusted Remus Lupin, when she knew that he was a werewolf. And a part of him, very deep down and admittedly petty, resented that she only trusted himself because Albus said so. But what really irked him was that she had gone back in time to save that useless mongrel, but had not managed to destroy the one mangy vermin who would be integral to the dark lord's rebirth and subsequent rise to power.It was all her fault. And while she slept, somewhere in this very house, peacefully unaware of the horrors of the world, a dozen young women were dead tonight. At Pettigrew's hand. At her hand. And his own personal hell was a reflection of one silly, little girl's scrambled priorities.Before Severus knew it, the house was awakening and the residents of Grimmauld Place were slowly filtering into his sanctuary. The lights were on and the buzz of cooking and chattering drowned out his heavy thoughts. But he would not join in the cheery conversation. He knew better than them. The world was not a cheery place and it was no use pretending that it was.When Sirius Black slunk into the room, Severus found his eyes rooted to the happy man. Did he know the cost of his own freedom? Severus would not have hesitated to sacrifice this man to kill his old pal, Pettigrew. To him, it was a no-brainer. Yet, Black had no appreciation for the life he continued to have, but rather spent his days whining pathetically. At the moment he was standing with his back to the door, animatedly telling Molly how wonderful it was to have someone cooking for him again.Suddenly, Granger was in the doorway, once again rubbing sleep from her eyes. He noticed that her shorts were not turned inside-out this time, but she was still without undergarments. In fact, he was alarmed to notice just how obvious that was through her thin, white t-shirt. She lifted a hand to Black's arm, as if to excuse herself past him, and he swung around to face her, immediately taking in her appearance. It was clear from the way his eyes lingered on her pert breasts that he had noticed it too."Hermione!" the mutt shouted, causing his head to throb horribly. Black flung his arms wide and pulled the girl tight into his embrace, lingering just a little bit too long. "Good morning! How did you sleep last night?" Severus was irritated to note that Granger only looked mildly surprised by the vehemence of this greeting. In fact, she looked rather pleased."I slept well," she murmured sleepily. "How about you?" Severus watched her stifle a yawn and glance obviously at the stove as Black responded. Well, at least one thing was clear: the attraction was not mutual. As the girl went about preparing a plate, Bill and Fleur entered the small kitchen and Severus decided that it was definitely too crowded. So he left.Hermione was draped across the couch in the study, reading while she waited for their next Occlumency lesson to begin. She had finally decided that she could just hold onto the Mythology book and finish it bit by bit while she started on something more interesting. This time, she decided to forsake the more chaotic method of choosing a book randomly from the shelf for the more tried and true tactic of choosing a text on a subject that actually interested her. This one was all about spell writing. She knew that Harry's Potions book—once belonging to The Half-Blood Prince, whoever that was—contained a series of invented spells in the margins, but she had never understood the theory behind creating a new spell. There were so many questions flitting through her mind. I'll have to ask Professor Flitwick when we return.Suddenly, the door was swung open and in swept Professor Snape. The dramatic effect was a bit dulled by the fact that neither of the boys had arrived yet and she was currently stretched out across a couch. "Hello, Professor," she said distractedly, her eyes not leaving the words on the page for more than a polite acknowledgement of her teacher. As she continued to read, she suddenly became aware of a prickling at the back of her neck, and realized that he was scowling down at her. Blushing, she slipped a bookmark between the pages and set the book aside, twisting to sit attentively and face the professor.For a moment, neither did or said a thing. But they both knew that this lesson could not begin until the boys showed up. Hermione adjusted her position nervously and Snape stalked over to the window, staring out at the dull evening beyond. From this vantage point, she could stare at his back and he would have no way of knowing.He could certainly play the part of Hades. Dark robes billowing around him, even indoors. In contrast to his sickly pale skin, it was a pretty sinister effect. Hermione's lip quirked up as she realized that being locked away in the dungeons with the other Slytherins was very similar to being locked away in the Underworld with the demons, right down to the fact that there was no sunlight either place. And just as Hades was the king of the demons, Severus Snape was the Head of Slytherin.The boys finally slipped through the door and headed toward Hermione, obviously trying to be sneaky. But Hermione knew that the Order spy was not fooled so easily. Studying him, she noticed a tension in his shoulders when they entered the room, as if he had suddenly become even more perfectly still than he had been moments before. Then, with a sweep of his long arms, he closed the heavy drapes in front of the window. The effect was dramatic as it darkened the room ten shades in the space of an instant. Harry and Ron were obviously put on edge, and Hermione could feel her own heart pounding in her chest."Last lesson, I gave you each directions for meditations and practices that you could work on alone," the dark professor began. His lips turned up in a sneer that would curdle a Hufflepuff's blood. "Raise your hand if you have complied with this request." Hermione's hand immediately shot in the air. Harry and Ron both hesitated, but raised theirs as well. "Ah, Miss Granger, your favorite reflex. Did you learn nothing last lesson?" Hermione blushed and let her hand slowly drop down to her lap. "As for the two of you, it is inadvisable to lie to a man who is about to read your thoughts." The boys blanched simultaneously and lowered their hands as well.Properly chastised, the three wide-eyed Gryffindors sat like statues of ice, forced to watch and wait as the inferno before them stepped closer and raised his wand.









Chapter 5





Chapter Text
Severus's confinement at Grimmauld Place was really beginning to rub him raw. He itched to be back in the safe solitude of his own home. Although, he mused as he stirred the bubbling cauldron before him, it wasn't exactly difficult to find solitude in this dump either. He was currently brewing Lupin's next batch of Wolfsbane in a makeshift lab he'd set up in one of the vacant bedrooms. It was on the first landing in the stairway and therefore an ideal hideaway when he wasn't in his own room or the library. From here, he could usually hear what was going on in the house. Of course, if he wanted silence, a simple Muffliato was all he needed.For the past few days, Severus had spent a majority of his time flitting between this lab and the library. The downside of going to the library was that Granger was usually there, but he was beginning to run out of potions that needed brewing. Usually, Severus spent the summer months experimenting with new potions and writing out ideas based on Potions Theory. Unfortunately, however, being locked up in this vile prison left him feeling a bit… uninspired.Luckily the Wolfsbane required a lot of time over the course of many days, though he was almost done with today's brewing. Moving the cauldron to a corner where it would be safe to simmer for a couple of days, Severus glanced up at the clock. He had decided that the Occlumency lessons would be more effective if done individually, and today was Granger's turn. Weasley had been a complete disaster and he did not have high hopes for the girl, but he did want to go ahead and get it over with.Unfortunately, their lesson was not scheduled for another quarter of an hour. Severus sat down on the edge of the bed that was still occupying the room. He had not bothered to move it yet, as he did not need more space. What was he supposed to do for another fifteen minutes? Oh, fuck it. It wasn't like Granger had a tight schedule at the moment. Was he in charge or not? Launching to his feet with renewed vigor—sadistic-bastard plans generally had that effect on him—he swept from the room and headed in the direction of the library.When Severus threw open the door to the library moments later, his dramatic entrance was lost on the girl who was deeply immersed in a thick, old tome. Once again, she was draped across a couch, practically emanating concentration as she stared into the depths of the written word. For a moment, Severus imagined that she was a sculpture. And how much more pleasant would she be if she were?"Granger!" he barked. She reacted by jerking violently, dropping her book to the floor, and leaping up to ascertain that the book was not damaged, before even glancing his way. When she did, she was almost glaring with indignation. He knew her concern was for the book. "I hate to interrupt your leisure time, but I believe you requested Occlumency lessons. Unless of course you've changed your mind and would prefer to focus your attentions on literature." He stressed the last word, implying that she was reading a novel when he knew very well that Hermione Granger rarely wasted her time on works of fiction. He saw the affronted look in her eyes and knew that she wanted to respond, but she recognized the trap and did not rise to his bait. He would have been a bit impressed with her self-control if she wasn't depriving him of satisfaction he got from baiting Gryffindors."I'm ready whenever you are, Professor," she said sweetly, but the look in her eyes spoke of her true feelings. He stepped farther into the room, allowing his robes to sweep around him intimidatingly. She held her ground. Foolish Gryffindors."Fine. Have you been practicing your meditations?""Yes, sir." Her lips twisted as if there was something else she wanted to say, so he raised an eyebrow and waited. "Sir? I was wondering if you had any books on the subject. I usually learn better from…""No," he interrupted. "This is something better learned firsthand. You can study the theory all you want, but it will only make your attempts more difficult. You will find yourself thinking about the theory, rather than clearing your mind as you should be. You, Miss Granger, are the reason I am here in this pitiful dump. If you no longer desire my instruction, I suggest you advise the Headmaster…""No!" she blurted back. "That's not it! Of course I want your instruction! I just thought that maybe if I were to read about it…""I have already told you, Miss Granger, that you must learn this particular skill firsthand. You may read what you will when we are done with these lessons. Have I made myself clear?""Yes, sir," the girl finally conceded, bowing her head."Good, now come here." Granger set her book aside and stood to face her professor."Now, Miss Granger, try not to let me find out what book you were reading." He sneered as he watched her eyes grow wide, knowing that she would be eager to tell him all about it. It was all the warning he gave her before raising his wand. "Legilimens!"Her mind was obviously set in the defensive. He could feel her intentions to pull away from his contact. For a moment he was reminded of an analogy that Albus had once used comparing Legilimency to rape. He immediately brushed that thought away. After all, she had asked for this.Through the rapid blur of images that she was using to confuse her attacker, he tried to latch onto the image of a book the kept repeating. Pulling her attention to the book, she brought it easily to the front of her mind, struggling to keep it hidden and failing miserably. Finally, he could make out the title: Magical Mythologies: Witches and Wizards that Muggles Worshipped Willingly. That struck him as odd. Why the hell would Granger be reading a book that glorified the pureblood ideology that muggles should worship them?Probing for more information on the book, Severus was bombarded by a kaleidoscope of images depicting the different gods and goddesses. He felt a tiny tingle of excitement somewhere in her mind, but disregarded it as the typical enthusiasm that Granger had for books. Her excitement was quickly suppressed and he realized that she was trying to hide it from him. There must have been something about this book that she didn't want him to know. Sending that suggestion into her mind, he was gratified and then disgusted by the image she had created of himself as Hades, the god of the Underworld.Pure panic filtered into her mind and he knew he had found what she was hiding from him. He lingered in her mind just long enough to see her interpretations of Albus and Minerva as Zeus and Athena before withdrawing from her. The girl stumbled backwards and landed hard on the floor against the couch and he fixed a terrible scowl onto his face."Hades, Granger?" he seethed. "I am Hades?" His anger was rising alarmingly with the implications. Didn't the dark lord fit the title a bit better? And yet, this little brat had decided that he, himself, was the parallel to the King of the Underworld. But then he noticed that she was grinning widely. Well, that was very odd, indeed. "And what are you so bloody happy about?!"Granger reached behind her to grab hold of the book. This had better be good. She held it out for his inspection and he reluctantly complied. Looking down at the cover in frustration it took a minute to process the fact that this was not the book he had seen in her mind. This one was titled Spell Writing for Amateurs, but the subject didn't even penetrate his consciousness. She had Occluded him. Somehow, some way, she had managed to trick him. A dozen questions came to the tip of his tongue, but he knew it would give her immense satisfaction if he voiced any one of them, so he raised an eyebrow instead, inviting her to give in to the impulse to tell him how she'd done it."I really thought you were going to find me out! The other book is one I've been looking over, too. When I showed it to you, I started thinking about how I had successfully tricked you, and that almost ruined the whole thing! And I didn't mean anything by the Hades bit. I didn't really mean for you to see that part…""Ah, but you must learn to protect all thoughts that you do not want to share, not just the ones specifically asked for. If the dark lord were to search your mind for information about Potter, but came across information about the Order instead, it would still be a failure." There. That deflated her."Yes, sir," she said, sounding properly reproached. Of course, she couldn't quite let it go. "But it was a step in the right direction," she continued hopefully, smiling up at him as if waiting for his agreement. He did not give it. He would not."On your feet, Granger. You are a long way from any true success. Let's try again." He watched the girl slowly rise to her feet and mentally sighed. It was going to be a long night.Hermione was sitting up in her bed reading a bit of the Mythology book when her friends suddenly burst into the room. Of the three pairs—Hermione and Ginny, Harry and Ron, Fred and George—the girls had been given the largest room. Therefore, any time the lot of them weren't hanging out in the kitchen, they tended to meet up right here.There was a suppressed cheerfulness about the group, as if they were keeping some exciting secret, and Hermione was immediately put on her guard. "Come on, Fred! I am too old enough!" Ginny was saying. "You two were sneaking Ogden's before I even got to Hogwarts! And besides, if Ron can have some, I should too. I'm much more mature than he is." One of the twins ruffled Ginny's hair affectionately and she swatted back at him."Alright, alright, we'll let you have some. But only if you promise for the rest of the week to refer to us as 'Oh Great One, Master of the Universe, Ruler Eternal, Player of all the Fine Ladies… OUCH!" Ginny slammed a pillow into her brother's head."Alright, alright, we submit to the greater threat of your red-headed temper," said Fred."It's true," agreed George, "Hell hath no fury…""Oh just shut up and crack it open!" Ron interrupted. Hermione finally set her book aside."What have you two been up to?" she chided in good humor. They grinned proudly back at her."We just took an eensy weensy trip down to Diagon Alley," admitted George."Brought back an eensy weensy souvenir," continued Fred. George laughed mischievously."Or three," he grinned as they pulled three large bottles of Fire Whiskey from who-knows-where. The rest of the group crowded around eagerly. Ron was practically sitting on Hermione's foot, blocking her view of George at the end of her bed, while Ginny, Fred and Harry were all sitting on Ginny's bed. The twins proceeded to produce six shot glasses from their pockets, handing them out as they went. When they offered one to Hermione, she hesitated.It was funny, in a way. She had just been reading about Dionysis, the Greek god of wine, theatre, ecstasy and ritual madness. Therefore, she was drawn to this opportunity to partake of something a little more chaotic, the same way she had been drawn to the idea of drawing random books from the shelf. It was as if she was following some sort of strange treasure trail, hoping that there was some kind of answer at the end of the rainbow.And yet, she had always considered alcohol such a crude substance. It was for the ignorant and the lazy, those without purpose. Of course, Severus Snape was none of those things and she had definitely smelled whiskey on his breath that night in the hall, when he had accosted her in her towel.It was with this in mind that Hermione accepted the proffered shot glass, to a chorus of cheers. She watched in fascination as Fred poured out a shot for each of them. At home, she had been allowed a glass of wine with dinner for special occasions, but never anything like this. Looking around at the others, she knew she was not alone in this nervous excitement. They were breaking the rules, and she found it exhilarating. Like wearing your shorts inside-out. Raising the first toast to the Weasley Twins for providing the golden whiskey, they all downed their first shots.The room was suddenly full of coughing as the younger ones felt the first burn of Ogden's Old. And yet, remarkably, Hermione was not likewise affected. In fact, she rather enjoyed the taste of the amber liquid on her tongue, and the powerful feeling of the burn in her throat. It made her feel strong in a much more primal way than her usual textbook knowledge. Sshe found it rather gratifying.A few shots in, Hermione began to feel the effects of the alcohol. It hit a bit harder than she had expected, as it had not been immediate, but she liked the peaceful sensation of blurry happiness that enveloped her. Also, the warmth of the magic in the liquor and the company around her made her feel cozy and secure in a way that she had not felt in far too long. By the time their toasts had gone from "To Friendship and Family!" to "Kreacher's Toes!" amidst gales of laughter, Hermione had had enough.The small group of friends were leaning all over each other, singing happy tunes, reminiscing about their innocent youths, and teasing each other mercilessly, and Hermione was filled with such love for all of them. Somewhere in the back of her mind, she remembered that Love and Chaos had been two of the first Greek deities. At the moment, she could understand why. That Dionysis guy really knew what he was doing.Eventually, the mood seemed to dwindle to cozy cheerfulness and Hermione realized that Harry and Ginny were missing. It penetrated her consciousness that she really ought to have noticed them leaving, but everything was a bit blurry right now. A sudden pang of loneliness hit her, even in the midst of friends. Ginny and Harry finally had each other, but she had no one. She withdrew into herself as she watched one of the twins beating the other one with a pillow on Ginny's bed. The fight grew to chase and suddenly the twins were gone.Through the haze of sudden disappointed loneliness, Hermione felt a warm hand upon her own and looked over at Ron. They met each other's eyes and she knew that he felt the same warm blurriness that she did. Then, suddenly, his lips were on hers and she welcomed it. It felt nice to have someone there. Something felt so right about kissing Ron. They had known each other through all of the hard years. They would always be together. And a part of her reveled in the idea that for a moment she was not alone. He pressed hard against her mouth and they both fell back against the soft mattress. Then, he was practically on top of her, pressing his face eagerly against her own.And it was not the comfort that it had been.And suddenly it was a mistake.And his hands were going places they never should have gone.She pushed him off of her and was suddenly running. It wasn't fear, but rather embarrassment that drove her to abandon him there. Alcohol was a very scary thing if it could make her want something that she hadn't wanted before—or, at least, not for a long time. The house was dark and everything seemed to move at a different pace from her vision. She flew down the stairs, around the twisting staircase, and suddenly felt air. Almost before she could even register that she was falling, she landed hard against the solid strength of a man's chest. He caught her with a deep oomph and a tight grip, crushing her to him, lest she continue her fall down the next flight. Snape!Panic shot through her and she struggled to find a footing, her feet tangling in rivers of fabric, her body sliding down his own, despite the tight grip he had on her. "Granger! What the hell are you doing?" his baritone commanded. He was wearing white. A white shirt with just as many buttons as his usual black coat. Ah, and that was the fabric at her feet. He must have had it draped over his arm. Hermione suddenly became aware of just how thin a layer of fabric separated her from her professor. Her small, unprotected breasts were squashed against his skinny torso, and sliding down.He groaned, apparently in irritation, gripping her waist and forcing her backwards. She panicked and wrapped her arms around his neck as he maneuvered her to sit on the stairs behind her. Feeling solid ground, she hastily released her hold on the dark professor. "S-sorry, sssir," she stammered. Through the darkness she could barely make out the form of the silent man as he stood before her on the landing."You're drunk." It was not a question and Hermione knew that she couldn't lie to him. Instead, she merely hung her head, closing her eyes against the dizzying way that the floor seemed to move beneath her feet. "Idiot girl! You could have broken your neck!" She only nodded, not willing to trust her voice. Then, her professor's tone turned darker. "You are running from someone." Again, not a question. Her noncommittal shrug was answered with a hand under her chin, forcing her face back up to his inquiring gaze. "Do not lie to me. Are you running from Black?" Apparently her immediate confusion was enough to answer his question. "I should have known it would just be teenage dramatics. Go back to bed, girl, before you kill yourself." She nodded in agreement and tried to stand, reaching out blindly to grip her professor's shirt as an aid. At this moment, she didn't care how much of a fool she looked like as long as she could make the dizziness go away. She slowly made her way back up to her room, practically leaning her whole body against the bannister.She never looked back to see if her professor was watching.









Chapter 6





Chapter Text
Hermione had always heard that alcohol put people to sleep. It was a depressant, after all. In her limited experience, a glass of wine on a full stomach certainly made her sleepy. But tonight, she did not sleep well. Instead, she tossed and turned with twisting, incoherent dreams that left her feeling unrested. It was just after dawn when she finally gave up on peaceful slumber and went to satisfy the other cravings of her body.
Heading down the stairs, she could still feel the dizzying effects of the fire whiskey, but it was nothing like it had been the night before. She had been so foolish! It really was lucky that Professor Snape had been there to catch her when she fell. Hermione cringed at the memory of her encounter with the dark professor. She had well and truly made an arse out of herself.
Slowly, Hermione made her way to the kitchen. Some strong tea and buttered toast was exactly what she needed right now. Her stomach twisted sickeningly in agreement. She wasn't exactly surprised to see her professor sitting at the kitchen table in the dark. At this point, she didn't really care, either. All that mattered was that she got some food into her. Not even bothering to turn on the light, for fear that it would worsen her growing headache, Hermione set about toasting some bread. There was a pot of tea already made and Hermione turned to her professor for permission to partake. He merely inclined his head with a mocking expression.
"First hangover, Granger?" he drawled silkily. In her sleep-deprived and alcohol-enhanced delirium she registered the fact that her professor had a lovely, deep voice. Brushing away the thought, she turned to glare at him, which seemed to bring him some measure of amusement. "You will learn one day, Miss Granger, that there are consequences for every action. Pray that that lesson does not come too quickly for you." Hermione hesitated long enough to realize that his seemingly scornful words were actually gentle and well-meaning. It was almost as if he were being easy on her in her pitiful state.
"I know," she murmured, appalled at the roughness of her voice. She sat down opposite her professor as she waited on the toast and sipped her tea black, as befitted her mood. Whenever she looked up at him, he was carefully avoiding looking at her. "I'm sorry about last night, Professor. I didn't realize how… affected I was." He caught her eyes and she almost dropped her gaze, but instead fought to maintain the contact. Then, his lips turned up in a sneer and he was his bastard self again.
"Yes, well, it wasn't the first time I've saved one of you brats from killing yourself, and I'm sure it won't be the last." Hermione's brow wrinkled and she tried to think of an appropriate retort, but came up short. She was saved the effort, however, when the toaster ding-ed and she dragged herself out of the chair to prepare her breakfast.
Suddenly, two arms wrapped around her waist, pulling her up against a masculine frame. For one insane moment she thought it was Professor Snape, and was alarmed at the way her body reacted to that.
"Morning, Hermione!" Sirius said cheerfully, playing off the contact as a joke. But something about the way he had pulled her up against himself felt wrong, like Ron the night before. She cringed again, remembering that she would have to have a talk with her red-headed best friend.
"Morning," Hermione murmured as she turned to face Harry's godfather. She had been happily surprised when he had begun to greet her so enthusiastically during her stay here. Before, Sirius had only ever been particularly close with Harry. But he was so important to her friend that it warmed her heart to see that Sirius wanted to extend that friendship to her, as well.
But this was not friendship. This made her uncomfortable. She thought back to the night before, when Snape had implied that she was running from Sirius. As if he suspected that Sirius would take advantage of her in her weakened state. It was an alarming concept. Why me?
Hermione glanced over at her Potions Professor. He was studying her with unreadable eyes. When she met his gaze, he raised an eyebrow, as if to say "I told you so." She only went to join him as Sirius went about the kitchen, starting a pot of coffee and cracking some eggs into a pan. The scent suddenly began to waft towards her, and Hermione almost gagged on her toast. She caught Snape's eye as he sneered knowingly and began to rise.
Sudden panic shot through Hermione as she realized that he was about to leave her alone with Sirius. Her eyes flew wide and she threw an arm across the table, as if to hold him there. His lips twisted in a sneer of scornful malice as he stepped over to the tea kettle, refilled his mug, and returned to his seat. She turned her face from his, knowing that he was mocking her again. But as much as he was playing it off as if he had not been about to leave, she believed otherwise. He was staying because she asked him to.

Severus waited until Molly Weasley arrived to leave the little kitchen. The truth was, he hadn't slept much, and his judgment was slipping. Granger may have been his student, but he was only a man after all, and he couldn't help certain… urges. Last night, as the girl had struggled against him, he had been treated to a feel of her entire body as she slid down his own. Not that he had ever wanted to touch her. Had he not scorned Black for his interest only days ago?
And yet, here he sat, completely incapable of wiping away the memory of her soft breasts against his chest.
As much as he tried to keep himself from looking over at her, it was unavoidable. The chit was sitting directly across from him, for Merlin's sake! And as she hunched over her meager breakfast of buttered toast and black tea, her pert nipples pressed against the soft fabric of her nightshirt. Seeing them within his reach and knowing exactly what those little breasts felt like made him want to reach out and stroke his knuckles across them; to pinch her little nipples. But then… it was Granger. And that really sucked the joy out of it. Perhaps he was getting as desperate for action as Black. Pathetic.
Well, there was nothing to do about it at the moment, besides slink back to his bedroom for a little relief. And try not to think about the soft, little bushy-haired chit and the way her body would feel beneath his.

It was later in the day when Hermione finally bumped into Ron. From his guilty expression, she had a good idea that he had been avoiding her, too. She smiled compassionately at him and beckoned him into her room for a chat. When they were safely out of earshot of other extremely-bored-and-desperate-for-gossip Grimmauld Place residents, Hermione sat him down and was about to speak when he cut her off.
"I'm really sorry about last night, 'Mione. I don't know what got into me. It was just all the warm feelings and I was so happy and a little tingly, you know? It seemed like a good idea, at the time."
"I know what you mean," she admitted with a sad smile. "I thought it was, too. But then, I had a moment of clarity and I knew it was just the alcohol that was making us behave that way." Ron nodded in agreement.
"Yeah… but… I mean… it wasn't… bad." He grinned at her and she froze. "I mean, we're in a war…"
"No." She would not let him go any farther with that though. "We don't need any complications, Ron. And besides, it would be weird. You're like my brother." Ron looked a little rejected by this, but she held her ground. She was more than just a warm body and she would not settle for someone who only wanted her to be that much.
"You're right, Hermione," was all he said, before making some excuse about a chess match and slinking out the door.

It was still a couple of weeks before start of term, but Mrs. Weasley had decided that it would be better to visit Diagon Alley for their school supplies sooner rather than later, to avoid the chaos of the crowds. She spent three days going over safety procedures with the children, beforehand. After all, the world was no longer safe for them.
They were to only stop for the necessities, with absolutely no dawdling and no leaving the group. There was safety in numbers, to be sure, and the Matriarch of their little clan was not taking any chances. Hermione certainly felt the stress of the risks they were taking, but Mrs. Weasley was being a bit extreme. She wouldn't even allow the boys a quick detour past the Quidditch Supply store for their annual gawks at whatever the broom of the year was.
And yet, as they flitted methodically through Flourish and Blotts, Hermione couldn't help herself. She had really been wanting another book on spell invention and the stacks of the bookstore seemed a safe enough place for a quick and risky step off the path, if you will. Her heart raced as she scanned the titles of the appropriate section. All the while, she counted down the seconds until Mrs. Weasley was likely to realize that she had snuck off. There, in bright gold letters, were the words The Theory of Incantation 8th Edition. Not only did that sound like exactly the kind of book she needed, but from this angle with the letters turned along the spine of the book, the "8" formed another golden symbol of infinity.
But her hand never reached the spine of the book and the little golden "8" was the last thing she saw before her world went black.

Severus was about ready for this bloody staff meeting to be over. It was the same every year, as if Albus went through withdrawals during the summer months and had to get his fix weeks before the little droolbags returned. At first he had actually been looking forward to this escape from the house where Sirius Black spent his youth. But what could he have been thinking? Staff meetings were always a terribly dull affair, but even more so when there weren't even any actual problems yet. In fact, this first planning meeting had not changed in sixteen years.
The very instant that the meeting was adjourned, Severus was out the door and headed towards his private quarters. He planned to swipe a number of books and more potions ingredients before heading back to that hell-hole. After collecting those items, Severus settled into his own favorite reading chair, sighing deeply as he leaned back into the worn upholstery. It was rather liberating to be in his own rooms again, even if he knew that it was only temporary. Tonight was Granger's turn with Occlumency lessons, so he would have to leave to deal with that little nuisance. For the moment, however, he could just relax.
Back in the comfortable familiarity of his own study, the wheels of Severus's mind began to turn with inspiration. If different people were calmed by different things, perhaps a personalized calming draught would be more effective. If there was a way to incorporate some bit of that person, such as a hair, just as with the Polyjuice Potion… Of course! The lacewing flies would bind the properties of the hair to the potion. But how to counteract the effects of the lacewing flies when combined with the other ingredients of the calming draught? There could be substitutes for some of the more volatile ingredients…
Severus jumped up from his chair, sweeping through his office door and into his supply closet to pick out some more ingredients to take with him back to Grimmauld Place. He would finally have some experimenting to do, and just in time for term to start back. Brilliant.
Ah, but he was out of hellebore syrup. Pomona definitely had hellebore growing in one of the greenhouses, and fresh hellebore syrup was ideal for calming potions. Without hesitating, Severus swept from his office and headed in the direction of the Entrance Hall.
He was just passing the Great Hall when Sybil Trelawney suddenly accosted him. His first reaction was to brush her off and quicken his pace. But he knew that look. Her eyes had grown wide, as if they were looking at something much larger and darker than himself. They were clouded with a strange fog that made her appear blind. And she had a death grip on his arm, which could only mean one thing. She was having a vision.
Severus calmed the immediate panic that shot through him at this realization. He did not want to know what she had to say. He had had enough experience with her prophecies to know that they rang true and were never good. In fact, he himself had witnessed the worst one of all; the one that led to Lily's death. Because of me.
He yanked away from her anxiously, but she was practically attached. And then, to his horror, she began to speak.
"The dark lord now holds the key to his own demise. The one who has been taken will be released, but free no more. He who holds her chains shall have the key. Unlock Victory and she shall be free." Suddenly, her hand dropped from his arm and her eyes cleared. "Forgive me," she said, looking up at him in confusion from behind those gigantic glasses, "I seem to have lost my train of thought." At that she trailed away, humming peacefully. But Severus was anything but peaceful. His body was frozen in shock and his heart was beating frantically as he replayed her words in his mind. Then, he was running in the direction of the Headmaster's office, praying that the old man would be there.
"Albus!" he called as he flung open the large wooden door. The Headmaster merely lifted an eyebrow in inquiry.
"Yes, Severus?" The latter hurried to his superior's side, panting from the run and from the worry.
"Sybil has had another vision," he choked out. "You have to see it, Albus." Meeting the other wizard's gaze, he opened his mind and Albus did not hesitate.
The words played over and over again before the older wizard withdrew. "Merlin forbid," he said simply, but years of experience told Severus that the Headmaster was in a world of tormenting emotions behind his calm façade. Suddenly, those sharp, blue eyes met his with an expression of sickening fear. "The children are in Diagon Alley today."
It was as if someone had taken a sledgehammer to his gut. His worst fears were realized. One of his students had been captured and he would be called soon. Would he have to torture them? Just then, the wispy shape of a weasel burst through the outer wall and Arthur Weasley's voice filled the chamber. "Hermione is missing! Can't find her anywhere! Don't know what to do! Need assistance! Please send all available backup!"
The weasel evaporated and for a moment there was complete stillness. Frozen in time, they were just two men in a room of a tower in a castle. Then the tension in the air seemed to climax and slammed them both into action. "Fuck!" was all Severus could say to voice the sensation of powerlessness that was crashing down on him. He began to pace. "We have to get her out of there, Albus. He will use her as bait. And Potter will undoubtedly play the perfect hero and come running to her rescue, willing to sacrifice himself."
"Now, now, Severus. Harry is well aware of the importance of his continued safety. He will not do anything so rash. He will trust the adults around him to find a solution." Severus snorted disbelievingly. "And I will have Molly keep an eye on him." Well, that was marginally better.
"Alright, that takes care of Potter. What do we do about Granger?"
"I'm thinking, Severus. We will find a way to save Miss Granger. Tom will not kill her. She is too valuable." Severus swooped down on him at that.
"No, but he will not hesitate to torture her into madness! He will have me torture her into madness! And what can I do?"
"You will maintain your cover at all costs." The cruel certainty of those words jarred Severus's attention and he gawked at the man who was leading the side of the Light.
"You heard the prophecy, Albus. We need her." The old man paled and Severus resumed his pacing. Suddenly, a terrible burn swept up his left arm and he let out a hiss of pain. Albus, who knew that sound too well, turned to face his spy with dread.
"Do not break your cover, Severus. We will find a way to get her out." Severus glared at the old man. As if it is just that easy! Without another word, he swept from the office and headed toward the Forbidden Forest. Dammit Granger! I hope you're stronger than I think you are.









Chapter 7





Chapter Text
"Crucio!" screeched the excited voice of Bellatrix Lestrange, and Hermione's body was racked once again with excruciating pain. It was as if the world was ripped away from her, or else she was ripped away from the world. And all she knew was the fire that ripped through her, searing her nerves like an electric whip. The pain ceased momentarily and Hermione became aware of her own screaming as it died away. She was gasping for breath against the cold, hard floor, finally understanding how a person could beg for death. In this moment, it did not matter to her if she lived any longer. All that she cared about was making the horrible torture stop."That's enough, Bella. We want her mind intact… for now," came the voice of the creature sitting upon the throne. Her first glimpse of Lord Voldemort had been terrifying. Nothing Harry had told them about the dark lord could have prepared her for his hideous presence. But now, amidst the chaos of the pain wracking her body, he was irrelevant. The most he could do was kill her, and that would be a blessing by comparison.Suddenly, the dark lord swept toward her, using his wand to levitate her until her eyes were level with his own. "Let us see what the mudblood knows," he hissed. The word was never spoken, but she knew the moment he entered her mind. A terrible hatred filled her consciousness and she had never felt a darker presence. Even the horrible sadness that dementors brought could not compare to this. She felt as if a pit had opened up inside her mind and she was being sucked into the abyss of unlimited despair.A quick flurry of images began to rip through her mind, and she tried not to focus on anything. She knew that there were thoughts in her mind that the dark lord should not see, but she couldn't filter those thoughts without thinking about which ones not to show him. Instead, she just focused on the pain that Bellatrix had caused her. Remembering Voldemort's obsession with negative emotions, she fed him the hate that she felt towards the dark witch. He latched onto that, which surprised and excited her. Perhaps she could just distract him.Suddenly, he tore from her mind and released the levitation charm he had on her. Falling to the floor, her mind twisted in confusion and concern. Did he see something that made him angry? Her breath was knocked out of her as her back hit hard against the stone floor. She stayed there, motionless, staring up at the ornate ceiling. The magnificent painting did not faze her as her mind sought a plan. As long as she appeared to be submitting, he would underestimate her. She could take him by surprise.And yet, one simple spoken word brought her immediately back to the present. "Severusss." She suppressed the need to whip around to see if he was really there. That probably wouldn't have been possible at this point, anyway. "Good of you to join usss.""My Lord," came the deep reply of Professor Snape. Her body tensed, just knowing that he was there. She wasn't sure if she should feel relieved or frightened or embarrassed. "I came as quickly as I was able. I was in conference with the old fool. He is most distraught to find that his prized mudblood has been taken." Hermione felt a shiver of terror course through her veins. It occurred to her in this moment, that she really had no way of knowing where Severus Snape's true loyalties lied."Good," the dark lord replied with an ugly sneer. "Potter will come for her, and when he does… I will have my victory!" Hermione cringed at the image of Harry running to her rescue. She was now even more acutely aware of what a fool's mission that would be. It was very clear that she would not make it out of this room alive, whether or not Harry died in the interim. The world seemed to swim before her and she realized that her muscles were beginning to relax compulsively. She was entirely drained."He will not come. Dumbledore has locked him away and plans to leave him there until they find another way to save the girl. Or until you kill her, which would save them the trouble of containing the boy." Hermione's heart constricted. To be prepared for your own death was one thing. To hear that others were hoping for it was far more painful. "Might I suggest… an alternative?" The dark lord seemed to consider as Snape stepped around her prone body to stand beside him. Suddenly she could see her dark professor, his unfeeling black eyes resting indifferently upon her burning flesh. The first bout of tears welled up at this, as if there truly was no hope left for her. Even Professor Snape had written her off.Silent streams of hot liquid poured across her cheeks as she thought back to all of the things that she had learned over the course of the past few years. And it had all been for nothing. Was this what chaos meant? The dark lord seemed to consider her professor before gesturing for him to continue."What did you have in mind, Severus?" Her professor hesitated only fractionally before responding."Imperius. We tell the old man that I have miraculously saved the girl…""No." The little bubble of hope that had started to form inside of Hermione was immediately squashed. Her professor was silent for a moment. "The Imperius can be undone. Dumbledore will ensure that she has not been connected to myself. And besides, the Imperius is something we could have accomplished without going through the trouble of actually catching her. No… we must do something else…" Voldemort began to pace, deep in thought, and her professor remained where he had been standing, not even glancing in her direction."Your idea is not without merit, Severusss. If the girl is forced to answer to you, she can become a spy for usss." Snape bowed his head in humble acknowledgement. Suddenly, the dark lord stopped pacing and came to stand over her. Even as she flinched from his gaze, she told herself not to show him the fear that was festering inside of her. "She will sell herself into your slavery. Her service or her life." There was that little bubble of hope again. "Of course, one of my other loyal followers might more… appreciate her… services. After all, she has submitted to my authority rather easily. And you prefer a challenge." Hermione's insides twisted with this statement. Has he seen that firsthand?"My Lord, this… brat is nothing if not difficult. She has been a thorn in my shoe for the past six years. I would be honored to take on this duty for you, if you choose to bestow it upon me." With that, Snape bent his head low and the dark lord seemed appeased."Girl!" screeched Lord Voldemort. "Make your decision now! Servitude to Severus, or death?" Hermione glanced toward her professor, whose expression was completely unreadable. Praying that he knew what he was doing, or that they would figure something out later—not to mention praying that Severus Snape really was on the side of the Light—Hermione found her voice."I will serve him," she said in a raspy voice that seemed foreign and wrong to her ears. The dark lord's malicious sneer caused a ripple of terror to lash through her. At this, Bellatrix felt the need to interrupt."You cannot trust him, my lord! He will spoil our good fortune in capturing the mudblood!" The dark lord held up a hand and Bellatrix stopped."Severus is my loyal servant and this girl will be his slave. He already sees her at Hogwarts. I think this arrangement will prove rather convenient for me. And, I'm sure Severus will… enjoy it as well." At the dark lord's hideous leer, Hermione fought the urge to gag."Come, girl!" It was the first thing that Snape had said to her and she jumped to attention immediately. As she stood on wobbly legs, her professor caught her wrist in a grip that stung painfully. She saw that he was waiting for permission from his liege lord. "May I?" he purred. Hermione's heart was pounding painfully in her chest. What was it that he meant to do to her?"You may," came the reply. Suddenly the long length of her professor's wand was pressed against the underside of her left arm. He began an incantation under his breath as he pointed the tip hard into her flesh. Hermione bit back a scream as a horrible fire erupted beneath her skin where the wand was connected. Just then, the long, scaly fingers of the dark lord curled around her wrist as well as her professor's. He began an incantation as well and an image began to form beneath the surface of her skin. For one horrible moment, she thought that it would be the Dark Mark. But soon two runes appeared where the infamous snake and skull would have been. It only took a moment to verify that the runes meant 'mud' and 'blood.'"Do you ssswear to ssserve?" the dark lord hissed, his red eyes boring into hers. She knew that consent was part of the spell. It would cause her to be compelled by his every command."I swear." It was all she could do. She only hoped that her professor had a plan. Suddenly, the pain became so excruciating that the world began to fade away and the last thing Hermione saw was the penetrating stare of two crazed, red eyes.As the door swung open to admit Severus Snape into Grimmauld Place, he knew he would be confronted with pandemonium. That was the cost of being based out of the Black Residence. However, his main concern was the unconscious body of Hermione Granger, limp in his arms as he stepped into the narrow Entrance Hall. One shout and a crowd of Order members were surrounding him asking after the girl. It was clear, from their horrified expressions, that some of them believed her to be dead.Pushing past the overzealous sympathizers, Severus swept toward his makeshift potions lab. He only stopped long enough to instruct Molly Weasley to inform Albus immediately, and to tell them all that no one would be permitted inside of his lab except for the Headmaster.Once inside the safety of the room, he laid Granger on the bed and set about collecting the potions that she would need in order to recuperate. Placing them on the table beside her, he used Muffliato before magically waking her up. Sleepy cinnamon eyes swept blurrily about the room before settling on his frozen form in the chair beside the bed. Recognition suddenly bloomed across her face and she tried to sit up, searching the room frantically with her eyes."We are alone," he said softly, "This is Grimmauld Place." He watched her visibly relax and began to offer her potions. The first one, she seemed to consider, but she drank it without question along with all of the subsequent bottles. Just then, she must have remembered the spell for her arm ripped out from under the covers for her inspection. The pale flesh of her arm was completely free from markings and she began to scratch at it almost as if crazed. "Stop!" he shouted in horror, reaching for her arms. Immediately, her hands dropped down to the covers and tears welled up in her eyes."I-I have to obey you!" she shrieked in terror. He froze."Forgive me. I should not have commanded you." He met her eyes and was unnerved to realize that he could not read her expression. "Yes, you will be compelled by the magic of the spell to answer every command. I will try not to voice my… requests… in the form of commands.""The runes… they were on my arm…""Yes. The runes will only be visible when you are compelled by the magic. This spell is an older and much stricter version of the Dark Mark. A long time ago, human slaves were compelled to answer their masters the way House Elves are. When we took the Dark Mark, we knew that it was a modified form of servitude. We are not compelled to answer to him, but we are commanded to come to his side. If we ignore his summons, the mark begins to sting."For you, this summons will be entirely different. Through this mark, I can force you to immediately appear before me. Just as you experienced with my command to stop scratching yourself, it is a painless compulsion. You merely will do as I say. You have no choice.""Like the Imperius?" Severus shook his head."Not quite. With the Imperius, you are unaware that you are doing anything you wouldn't want to do. Your mind is completely absorbed with a need to obey the other person. With this, you can want not to, but your actions are no longer controlled by your own mind. That is why I will try not to command you to do anything." Severus knew, better than almost anyone, how horrible it was to be forced to obey without question. The girl looked down at her hands as she twisted them in the sheets."Professor?" she began nervously. He braced himself for what she was about to ask. "What is he going to make you make me do?" Severus sighed."I will be forced to command you to give me information about Potter. It is unclear at the moment whether he will request your presence before him, or trust the information that I bring to him from you. The latter would be far easier for us to manipulate. However, we must be prepared for the inevitability that you will be called before him. We will have no warning and we mustn't allow your information to fall into his hands." She nodded, looking sadly down at the sheets. He could feel that there was something else she wanted to ask, but she was afraid to do so. "Granger, is there something else?" She looked up at him fearfully and nodded. A lump in her throat was making speech difficult and she was focusing all of her attention on not crying."Vol—the dark lord… seemed to imply… that I would—I would…" She swallowed hard, tears threatening to push past her eyes, hard knot tangling the words in her throat. She was horrified to see that her hands were trembling. Severus took pity on the girl."That you would… be forced to… serve me… in other ways?" She nodded, rapidly blinking back tears. He sighed and looked down at the bed. Back at Malfoy Manor, with her death assured and his orders from Albus, this had seemed like such a small sacrifice. He had practically overlooked it in the face of the prophecy. But now, back at Grimmauld Place, with the fragile girl sitting so vulnerably in a bed in front of him, he was beginning to question the wisdom of that assessment. "The dark lord… assumes… that I will use the power I have over you to… force you to… satisfy other… needs. He believes this because it is the way any of his other followers would behave. Unfortunately, if you are to be brought before him with any kind of regularity; or if your presence is requested at the revels… I can only make so many excuses." He watched the girl take in this news with a newfound bravery, lifting her chin and breathing in a long breath to steady herself. Oddly, where he would have chucked it all down to Gryffindor pride, this bravery made him feel proud of her somehow.It wasn't until after Snape and Dumbledore had gone that Hermione succumbed to the tears. They had decided that she should stay in that little room for the night and deal with the rest of the Order in the morning. She was not looking forward to telling her friends what had happened. Dumbledore had decided that they should be somewhat aware of the situation, but would not know the full extent of the connection between herself and Professor Snape.For now, crying into unfamiliar sheets and holding Crookshanks against herself—he had been allowed to stay here with her, despite Snape's vehemence that the cat would destroy the brewing Wolfsbane—Hermione allowed herself to feel the self-pity that she had held back in front of her professors. As she began to drift off to sleep, a sudden thought occurred to her. If Snape is Hades, I suppose that makes me Persephone.









Chapter 8





Chapter Text
What the bloody hell had he been thinking?! At the time, it had made perfect sense. It even went along with the prophecy that she would not be free when she escaped. Of course, he definitely shouldn't have just left her there and waited for Albus to formulate a plan. The girl would be beyond recovery by that point, not that that was the important thing in the long run. No, the important thing was that the primary objective of the Order of the Phoenix was not compromised. And also that his role as spy was not revealed. Well, technically, both of those requirements had been met with his solution.
And yet, the more he thought about the situation he had put himself into, the more horrible it seemed. Circumventing the laws of the slave contract would not be difficult. He already had ideas about that. However, it was only a matter of time before Lucius demanded that he bring his new toy to a revel. He couldn't even make excuses about being unable to sneak her away from Dumbledore, because he now had the ability to call her to his side at any time. Damn it all to hell! In a few short days it would be too long after her capture to give off the excuse that she was being watched constantly.
Idly Severus wondered if the girl was a virgin. It was entirely too likely, and his so-called 'brothers' would find it very suspicious if she were still a virgin by the time she was called to join in the festivities. His mind swam with images of her tortured face amidst a crowd of eager Death Eaters. It made him nauseous to even consider the possibilities. At least he would be able to protect her from any of the other men with the excuse that he was possessive of his little treasure. Severus shivered in disgust. What the hell was I thinking?!

It was time. Hermione had been lying awake for nearly an hour, but she knew she should not postpone the inevitable. Everyone was waiting to hear how she was doing and what had happened. She was very well aware that neither Snape nor Dumbledore had bothered to give the rest of the house an accounting. A couple of days ago, she would not have expected such inconsideration from the cheery Headmaster they all knew and loved. But she had been deeply hurt by Snape's words to the dark lord, implying that her death would be merely a sacrifice to the greater cause. She had not quite been able to look Professor Dumbledore in the eye when he had come to talk to her the night before. Everything he had to say was basically a reiteration of what Snape had already told her. They would find a way to keep Harry's secrets from the dark lord. They would try to protect her the best they could. There was no telling if she would have to return to that dark hall, or not.
Hermione dutifully downed the potions that had been left beside her bed and silently thanked Snape once again for giving her Dreamless Sleep. She was certain that she would have had nightmares otherwise—if she had been able to get to sleep at all. Taking in a fortifying breath, Hermione slid off of the narrow bed and went to open the door.
To her surprise, no one was stationed within view of the door, waiting for her to wake. She was not sure why that should have surprised her, but it did in a very lonely sort of way. The lonely feeling was soon squashed, however, when she entered the kitchen.
It seemed like all of Grimmauld Place was gathered there, jumbled around the small space with plates of breakfast foods. A quick scan told her that Professor Snape was not present, however. Relief and disappointment seemed to war within her with this realization even as a sinking feeling reminded her that that meant she would have to give them her account all alone. She suddenly felt as if she was placed on a pedestal with no one to brace her and she was losing her balance.
"Hermione!" cried Ron, excitedly, jarring her nerves and sending her heart into an anxious rhythm. Poor stupid Ron. He just didn't understand the fragile state she was in.
Suddenly everyone's eyes were on her and there was complete silence for what seemed an eternity. Then, as if on cue, everyone began moving again, setting down their plates and crowding around her to offer her support and ask her a million questions at once. This she had been expecting. What caught her off guard, however, was the blatant pity she could see in all of their eyes. She didn't want them to pity her. It only made her feel like more of a fool for sneaking off the path. It was her own damn fault and she had very nearly ruined everything for all of them. If it hadn't been for Snape…
"Hermione, dear," Mrs. Weasley began, butting in past everyone else to offer her a strong hand, "come have some breakfast. We'll talk about all of that later." Hermione flashed the Weasley Matriarch a grateful smile and allowed herself to be led farther into the room. Soon a plate of food and a hot mug of tea were placed in front of her, but she found she had no appetite. Nibbling on the corners of the toast and sipping her tea, which was far too sweet for her mood, she tried to ignore the concerned stares of everyone else at the table. Couldn't they all just leave her alone!?
Instead she focused all of her attention on the plate in front of her, eating mechanically, in order to dodge any more concern from the others. She thought back to the story of Persephone. The young girl had been stolen by Hades and brought down to the Underworld to be his unwilling bride. While she was down there, she ate six seeds from a pomegranate. She had been unaware of the law that anyone who ate the food of the Underworld could never leave. By the time her mother, Demeter, was finally able to persuade Zeus to demand her return, it was too late. Demeter argued that six seeds was barely anything, but Zeus had been unable to completely circumvent the law. Finally, they reached a compromise where Persephone was allowed to stay with her mother for six months of the year, and returned to Hades for the other half. Thus, the Nature Goddess went into mourning six months of the year, causing the seasons to change.
Hermione suddenly became aware that no one was speaking. Everyone else had already finished their meals and she was still sliding her eggs around her plate. She looked up in time to see Mrs. Weasley and Remus share a concerned look. That made her inexplicably angry. Of course, she wasn't feeling quite right. Of course, she was quiet and withdrawn. She had just been tortured at the hand of Lord Voldemort, for Merlin's sake! She had just been forced to sell herself into magical slavery to the one man who hated her more than anyone else in the world! Not that she could tell any of them any of that.
Hermione realized that they were all waiting for her to give some sort of explanation and it infuriated her. She didn't owe them anything! They didn't need to know any of the details! They only wanted to because they were consumed with morbid curiosity. They probably wanted her to tell them that she had been raped and tortured endlessly for hours. They probably wanted to join in her misery and pity her and pat her on the back, wishing her condolences. After all, for many of them, this was the most excitement they'd had all summer. Suppressing the urge to gag in disgust, Hermione excused herself from the table and left the room.
She gathered up her books and went to the one room where she could be completely alone: Snape's potions lab. Lying on the bed, she stayed frozen for a moment, allowing the anger to wash over her in hot, seething waves until she ran out of steam. Then, she pulled open her Mythology book and turned to the section on Persephone. She had read this section before, and it did not hold her attention. Instead, she continued to contemplate the events of the day before until she slowly drifted off to sleep again.
Hermione did not wake when the door first opened. Severus Snape was a stealthy man. She did not wake until he stepped over to her and began to speak in that dry, condescending tone of his. "Were you planning to sleep all day, Miss Granger?" she jumped awake and caught her professor's gaze. "If I had known that, I would not have permitted you the use of my lab." Then, his eyes trailed down her pajama clad body until they reached the book on her lap. Even upside down, it was clear that he was able to read the title of the page she had been reading. His eyes met hers again and he raised a brow, inquiring in a mocking way. Noticing this, she slammed the book shut and stacked it together with the others she had brought down with her.
"Please, professor. This is the only place where I can get away from them." He hesitated, but then his lips turned up in a wicked sneer.
"Miss Granger, if you think that I am going to treat you any differently, you are sadly mistaken. I owe you nothing." Hermione blinked up at him in momentary confusion. What?
"No… I… I didn't mean…"
"You will have to deal with them at some point. This was your own doing. Don't you remember what I told you about consequences? I would have thought that you would have learned that lesson by now." Hermione couldn't believe her ears. The bastard was actually blaming this all on her. Well… that is… it was kind of her fault… but that was a low blow all the same.
And yet… she found it somehow refreshing that at least one person didn't pity her. "Fine," she said simply, squaring her shoulders and lifting her chin as she collected her books and left him alone to his brwing. After all, everyone had already checked the library for her. She would be just as safe in there.

The moment the door closed behind the foolish chit, Severus let out a long sigh of frustration. Once again he was completely in over his head. Except, this time, he didn't really know what to do. Better the devil you know, he thought. At least he knew how to play the games he was constantly forced to play with Dumbledore and the dark lord. But Granger was a different story. He couldn't quite read her the way he could other people. Not that she didn't wear her emotions on her sleeve, but that she didn't react the way he expected her to. He never knew how she was going to respond. It was oddly refreshing and completely frustrating at the same time.
She had looked so peaceful when he had first entered the room. Her exhausted body had been sprawled out on top of the covers with a book open on her stomach. There was something so sincere and almost intimate about that picture that he found himself both attracted to and repulsed by it. He had felt like he was intruding, somehow, and had reacted the only way he knew how. He had been mean.
He didn't regret it, either. It was her fault that they were placed in this position. And he was naturally going to become the villain. At least he wanted to make sure that she knew who was truly to blame. Severus brushed away thoughts of the girl and pulled out the ingredients he had brought back from Hogwarts. Finally, he would be able to work on his experiment.
And yet, he suddenly had no inspiration to do so.

Hermione tossed the Mythology book to the side. She had hidden herself back in the stacks of the small library, sitting against the wall between two shelves. She hoped that that would be enough to keep from being found. Bored with the books she had brought with her, Hermione began scanning the books around her, looking for more texts on the subjects she had been studying. When she had glanced over all of the books in her own aisle, she finally decided to branch out to the other parts of the library. No one was going to come in here, anyway.
Finally, she found something that looked promising: Explaining Enchantments: Sorts of Spells and Waves of Wands. She pulled it from its place and took it over to her little hideaway on the other side of the room. Cracking open the new book, she felt a tingle of excitement that she had, not very long ago, thought she would never feel again.
The first part of the book dealt with explaining the difference between different types of spells. There were several categories: Transfiguration spells, Charms, Jinxes, Hexes, Curses, Counter-Spells, and Healing Spells. There was a subcategory under Transfiguration for Conjuration. Charms changed the quality, behavior, or capabilities of an object. Jinxes were mostly harmless and required eye contact. A Hex was basically a more severe version of a Jinx with no eye contact requirement. Curses were the darkest form of spell. There was a subsection under Counter-Spell for each different type of spell, but they basically inhibited the action of another spell. And Healing spells, obviously, healed. So far, Hermione hadn't really learned anything at all.

Of the three major components of a spell—Incantation, Wand Movement, and Intent—only Intent must always be present. Witches and Wizards with advanced knowledge and experience performing spells can learn to do magic nonverbally or without a wand, but spells always require the caster to concentrate on his or her intentions.

Well, Hermione supposed that made sense. They had begun to learn to cast spells nonverbally, and she had seen her professors occasionally do wandless magic.
Transfigurations are to Charms what Form is to Function. While Transfigurations change what an object is, Charms change what an object does.
Hermione decided to skip ahead to the second part of the book dealing with Wand Movement. As those chapters merely detailed the different kinds of movements one could make with a wand, Hermione set the book aside. What she really needed was to talk with someone who had actually invented a spell. Her stomach growled and she suddenly realized that she hadn't eaten since breakfast. Sighing deeply, she gathered up her books and slowly made her way down to the basement kitchen.









Chapter 9





Chapter Text
So far so good. She had made it down to the kitchen unnoticed and found it empty. Opting for a sandwich as easy to take with her should the need arise, Hermione set about gathering ingredients to stuff between two slices of dark bread. She was so wound up and concentrated as she sliced a tomato that she nearly jumped out of her skin when Harry's voice sounded behind her."Hermione?" She shrieked before she could suppress that response and turned to look at her best friend, all the tension from earlier melting away with her startled laughter. The messy-haired boy gave her an uncertain smile and she could see that same concern in his eyes. It was not exactly pity and she reminded herself that he, too, had faced Voldemort on multiple occasions. "Are you alright?" he said. The worry was genuine and she suddenly felt tears spring to her eyes at that realization."Oh, Harry," she murmured as he wrapped his arms around her and pulled her tight into his embrace. The sobs seemed to come out of nowhere. She had not realized just how much emotion was really pent up inside of her until now. All of the fear, guilt, embarrassment, pain, and hatred that she had felt came back to the surface all at once and all she could do was let him hold her while she cried. He waited patiently for her tears to subside before trying to speak to her again."We've all been really worried about you, Hermione," he said softly. She felt unaccountably guilty for thinking that his concern had only been out of boredom. Of course, they were concerned. They cared about her.They loved her."I know, Harry. I'm sorry. It's just been really hard." He hesitated and she knew he was torn about whether or not he should ask her any more."Do you want to talk about it?" Hermione took in a deep, fortifying breath and reached for her sandwich."I suppose I'd better. But let's go ahead and get Ron and Ginny so I don't have to explain it all twice." Harry smiled and took her hand, leading her from the basement kitchen all the way to the bedroom she shared with Ginny. Ron and his sister were already there. They stopped talking the moment Hermione entered the room. Both seemed wary, as if they were afraid they might frighten her off again."Hello," Hermione said awkwardly. They both visibly relaxed and Ginny leapt up."Oh, Hermione! You really scared us, you know!" she said as she wrapped her arms around the other girl. Ron came to join them, embracing both girls with his rather longer arms."I'm so sorry," Hermione gasped around her sobs which had returned, though weaker this time. It touched her to feel so loved. A fleeting thought made her wonder how Snape ever recovered from the trauma he was constantly subjected to without friends like hers.Harry had joined in the group hug and Ron started swaying them back and forth. Giggles started to erupt within the jumble of friends and soon they were all laughing heartily. By the time they broke up and sat down, Hermione was in tears from her laughter.Hours later, after explaining what she could to her friends—she left out the part about being enslaved to their Potions Master—the cheery mood was beginning to wear Hermione down. It had certainly been good to talk to her friends, but she didn't quite feel like she could rejoin them. She needed time away from all of that for the time being. She needed time to heal.Hermione showered and dressed in her pajamas before gathering her books and slipping off towards the potions lab. She just couldn't sleep in that room with Ginny tonight, and she wasn't above begging. Knocking on the door, there was no response, so she let herself in. The dark eyes of Severus Snape challenged her boldness as she stepped through the door."Can I please sleep here, Professor? You wouldn't have to leave. You can stay as long as you want. And I'll be really quiet. I just… don't want to be around all that… cheerfulness… right now." Snape considered her with an unreadable expression before quirking a lip in a resigned sneer."If that is what it will take to make you leave me alone, then by all means…" he gestured for her to take the bed, and she happily obliged him. It was clear that he didn't know how to simply be nice to her, but she knew that his scorn was pretty half-hearted under the circumstances."Thank you, sir." She hopped up onto the bed, made herself comfortable, and opened the first spell writing book that she had found before speaking again. "Sir?""Granger, don't make me regret this," he said evenly without looking up from his work."Sorry, Professor. Last thing, I swear. I just wanted to say… thank you… for saving me." He looked over at her, then, almost suspiciously, as if he had never been thanked like that before. Then, his eyes darted down to the book on her lap. His brow furrowed."Experimenting with spell invention, Granger? Merlin help whoever is in this house when you make your first attempt." She wrinkled her nose playfully at him."I will have to read a lot more about spell creation before I even begin to attempt experimenting." He sneered at her."Of course you will." She knew he was mocking her, but couldn't see a basis for the sarcasm. She brought her eyes back to the text in front of her, but found that she couldn't focus on the words. Her attention was still riveted on the man sharing the room with her, currently stirring a cauldron."What are you brewing, sir?" she couldn't help but ask."Granger…" he warned."Sorry, sir." She said quickly before he could kick her out."It's Lupin's Wolfsbane. A very intensive potion. It requires a lot of… concentration." His not-so-subtle hint was enough to squelch the other questions that started popping into her head.He could feel her eyes on him and it was really fucking with his concentration. The Wolfsbane was indeed a difficult potion, and any tiny mistake could be fatal for Lupin. It was imperative that he block out the thought that she was watching him. And why would she be watching him? Was she thinking about the mark beneath her skin and the fact that one day soon she might have to sleep with him? Just the thought made his face grow warm. She was clearly such an innocent, and he was anything but.Occasional glances in her direction brought to his attention the fact that Granger was, once again, only wearing a thin t-shirt and shorts. He had never made a habit out of noticing these things about his female students. And yet, these students had always been more than just students. And Granger was now connected to him in a completely different way. Was it very wrong for him to consider those round, little breasts, and the fact that he would be forced to touch them? Was it terrible that he wasn't exactly not looking forward to that? Merlin, I really am a sodding desperate bastard.He felt so guilty for thinking these things, and yet, it had been her own fault. He was the one who had been forced into this situation because of her own stupid mistake. In fact, he realized, no one had actually bothered to ask the girl yet exactly why she had strayed off the path. It wasn't hard to guess, since she had gone missing in Flourish and Blotts, but he still felt compelled to ask."Granger?" the girl jumped to attention, startling out of her reverie. "What were you doing when you were captured?" He saw her guilty eyes dart down to the covers and watched a steady blush blossom on her cheeks, spreading down her neck to disappear beneath the collar of her shirt. Idly, he found himself wondering if that pink would tinge her little breasts. "Granger?" he repeated, more forcefully. Then, he was hit with sudden inspiration. "Shall we use it as practice?" Her eyes grew wide and locked onto his. Big mistake.He entered her mind without even raising his wand or whispering a command. It was obvious that she did not immediately recognize his presence, as he caught bits of her thoughts about him. Merlin, why is he staring at me like that? Is he going to do it? What will I make him think? His own voice answered The truth. Startled, her mind immediately jumped to the scene in Flourish and Blotts and he caught hold of it. Voldemort was much rougher, he heard her think as the scene began to replay. He was a bit disappointed that she hadn't gotten a glimpse of her attacker. When he withdrew from her mind, a sneer was already plastered on his face."A book, Granger? You risked everything, despite Molly's extensive warnings, you were captured, you were tortured, and now we're in this impossible situation, all for a book?" He was being intentionally mean, he realized. After all, he had already guessed that this was the case long before having it confirmed by her memories. Her chin came up in defiance."I will not apologize for my intellectual pursuits," she said arrogantly. He placed the cauldron on a dresser in the corner of the room and leaned against it, crossing his arms and facing her with a malicious sneer."Let us all hope that your intellectual pursuits do not damage our chances at victory any more than they already have." The girl blanched at that, and he felt a teensy weensy twinge of remorse. It occurred to him, once again, that neither he nor the Headmaster had bothered to tell the girl about the prophecy. He had not been given orders about it, but it was likely that Albus merely knew he would not tell her. It almost seemed unfair. And yet, he wondered if she might take it the wrong way, and either be offended or overwhelmed. After all, if the prophecy was to be believed—and his experience told him to believe it—she would play a vital part in the upcoming war.They had always known that the Brains of the Golden Trio would be important in Potter's fight against the dark lord. And yet, the prophecy made it seem like she might play an even more important role than they had imagined. The key to his demise. Severus suddenly realized that he had been staring at the girl and that she appeared to be very uncomfortable. He was just about to leave when she finally spoke."Professor?" He froze. He knew that tone. That was the tone of a Gryffindor who had something she desperately didn't want to say, but was going to bravely say it anyway. "I know we're going to have a lot of… challenges… ahead of us, but I think it would all be a lot easier if we came to some sort of truce…" His features hardened at that. No. She had affected him too much already. The very fabric of his existence would be ripped out from under him if he was forced to be nice to her, too."I told you, Granger. I will not treat you differently. As far as I am concerned, I am still your professor, and you are still my student. You must face the consequences of your own actions, Miss Granger. No one was there to help me. You already have enough people on your side." With that, he swept from the room. Hermione stared after him, her mouth agape in shock. It was official: Severus Snape would always, always be a bastard.And tonight, there was no Dreamless Sleep.Cold stone chilled her bare flesh as the red eyes of a hundred men stared down at her. Somewhere, someone was laughing maniacally and pain was tearing through her body, causing her to jerk about on the hard floor. To her horror, each bout of Cruciatus forced another secret from her lips, and she knew that Voldemort was pleased. Wherever he was. And then, she realized, he was not in the room because he was inside her mind, ripping through memories of Professor Snape.Suddenly, the two were standing over her, talking about her as if she were a tile in the marble floor. "You have been lying to me about the girl, Severussss," the snake-man said. Snape's features stretched in a horrible leer."No, My Lord. I have lied to the girl, not to you. Never to you.""Prove it!" Suddenly, her professor was on top of her, and the crowds were cheering him on. His face twisted in hatred until he became the dark lord, himself. Hermione screamed, desperate to get away from him, but he commanded her to stop and she obeyed.Actually screaming, Hermione bolted up in the bed, taking in her surroundings. A dream, just a dream. A nightmare! She collapsed against the pillows, panting painfully. It had all seemed so real and believable that now, she couldn't imagine Professor Snape as a benevolent character in this scenario. What if he truly was a spy? What if he really did force her to tell her secrets to the dark lord? What if he really forced her to… do other things?She belatedly realized that she was crying as her hands came up to rub the sleep from her eyes. It was still the middle of the night, but she knew she would not be able to sleep now. Not without a potion. And she certainly wasn't about to ask him for one. In fact, Hermione didn't know how she would be able to speak to him for a while after this. She was well and truly shaken and completely unsure of her belief in her professor, for the first time in her life. Hermione turned onto her side, hugging Crookshanks tight to her.It took a moment to process that the book on the table beside her was not one of the ones she had been reading. In fact, she had not had a book on that table when she had gone to sleep. She had no doubt who had placed the book there for her and was momentarily confused about how she should feel. Part of her was really creeped out by the fact that he had come in here while she had been sleeping and that she had had no idea. But she also thought that it was touching that he had brought her a book. Of course, the title of the book might make a difference in her feelings toward his bold action. Lifting the heavy tome so that she could see the title, Hermione gasped. There, glinting in the pale light filtering in through the shabby curtains of her room, she could see the gold letters on the worn cover of the book: The Theory of Incantation 8thEdition. It was funny. With the book tilted up as it was and her head still on the pillow, the golden "8" was turned on its side once more.









Chapter 10





Chapter Text
Hermione sat up in bed and pulled the old tome onto her lap. It was a little rough around the edges, suggesting that it had been read several times already. She slowly opened the front cover, barely noting the "This book is the property of Severus Snape" scrawled in familiar spidery writing inside. A quick flip through the pages told her that this text had been heavily annotated. A thrill ran down her spine at the prospect of reading her professor's notes on the material. She was amazed that he had trusted her with his own copy. And yet, there was something familiar about that dark ink slashed across the margins.Turning back to the Table of Contents, her eager eyes scanned the list of chapters. Oh yes, this looks much more promising! Hermione dove into the text, absorbing the information like a dehydrated sponge.
Magic is more than a phenomenon; it is an entity. Once a successful spell has been invented, Magic recognizes the connection of Incantation, Wand Movement, and Intention as a complete spell. The spell that has been created can then be copied by other wizards. It is in this way that we are able to build upon the works of other witches and wizards.
Hermione had never thought of it that way. In a way, it was a little creepy to think of Magic as being somehow aware, but it was also rather fascinating.
The Incantation is usually selected from the Latin words for what the caster wishes to accomplish. This is due to the fact that the use of Incantation with Magic began in Ancient Rome with the Cult of Trivia (the Roman equivalent of the Greek Hecate), the Goddess of Witchcraft.
Hermione made a mental note to read the section on Trivia in her Mythology book.
The movements selected for a particular spell are dependent on the complexity of the spell itself. The last movement of the wand sends the magic toward the object at which it is directed. All preceding movements layer the pieces of the spell together before it is cast. Therefore, the more a particular spell is supposed to accomplish, the more complicated the movements of the wand must be. Pairing incorrect movements with an Incantation is far more dangerous than choosing an Incantation that is inappropriate for the Intent, itself.
Fascinating! Hermione's stomach began to growl and she decided to head down to the kitchen, reading her book all the way.They were back on the staircase of Grimmauld Place. Her body was pressed against his as it had been the other night. Sliding down. Her soft, round breasts were crushed against his chest. And she was in a towel. He did not take the time to notice whether or not the towel was right-side-out. His mind was more occupied with the fact that said towel was slowly slipping off. In an instant, she was naked before him. And he was naked too. Soft flesh. Sliding down, lower and lower. Her breasts slipped over the hardened muscle of his thighs and soon her mouth was level with his throbbing erection. "Do it." He commanded, but they had found a way to circumvent the law. She didn't have to comply.And yet, she did. Slowly, her pretty, little lips wrapped around his aching cock. It was almost more than he could bear. And then, he was fucking her into a mattress; the mattress in his potions lab. And she was shouting his name as she cried out in ecstasy beneath him. He was going to come.Severus bolted up in the bed, his member throbbing painfully. The guilt instantly began to wash over him again. Here she was, innocent of innocents, stuck in a situation where she would have to have sex with her professor, and he was having dreams about it! He was fucking looking forward to it! Not allowing himself release from this perversion, Severus jumped out of bed and hurried to a cold shower.Once he had cooled the fire inside of him, Severus decided to head down to the kitchen. Slipping through the door with silent ease, he saw the Granger girl long before she noticed him. Her nose was buried in his book as she sipped her tea. A plate of untouched toast sat in front of her. He knew the moment she registered his appearance. Her head snapped up and for a moment, they were both frozen, calculating. The wariness in her eyes made another surge of guilt well up inside of him. She was afraid of him. How could he fantasize about her when all she felt for him in return was fear?Suddenly, a small smile spread across her face. "Thank you for the book, professor." He blinked in surprise before grunting his reply and heading to the tea kettle. Hiding behind a mug of the hot brew, he sat across from the girl and studied her concentrated features. She was still the bushy haired know-it-all who had been the bane of his existence in every potions class for six years. And yet, she had certainly blossomed without his noticing. Her slim face drew attention to those big, cinnamon eyes, and the faint spattering of freckles across her pale cheeks no longer seemed childish. Her teeth were straight now. He wondered when that had been corrected, and if it had been done magically or at the hands of her dentist parents. As her eyes flitted rapidly across the page, her teeth worried a plump, red lip. It was the only color on her face in this dim light and thus captured his attention.A sudden flash of the scene from his dream came to mind and he quickly suppressed the image of those soft, red lips wrapped around his hard, aching…"Professor?" Severus met the girl's eyes, silently cursing himself for his train of thought even as he felt himself growing hard again. Perhaps he had just been neglecting himself for too long. He raised an eyebrow in inquiry. "You obviously have a lot of thoughts on the subject of spell creation. Have you ever created a spell?" Severus quirked a lip in mocking disdain."No, Miss Granger. I have enough insight into the subject to correct many of the ideas presented in the text you have before you, and I have theoretical hypotheses scribbled in the margins; but no, Granger, I have never actually created a spell." He was surprised to see her impatient glare in his direction. In the past, Granger had reacted to his sarcasm with the same understandable fear that the rest of his students generally showed. And yet, now, when she should have been more afraid of him than ever, she was merely impatient with his stubborn attitude."There's no need to be snippy. It may have been a stupid question, but you don't usually respond to abruptness and I needed a segue." He curled a lip. So, she thought she had him pinned, did she?"What do you want, Granger?" How's that for abruptness? She gave a short harrumph of impatience before lifting her chin and sitting up straighter. He recognized the posture as her I'm-about-to-answer-a-question pose."Well, I've been researching spell creation, and the theory is pretty straightforward," he snorted disbelievingly, "In theory," she continued with a glare. "The only thing is, I understand that experimenting with spell creation can be rather hazardous and I was hoping to get some advice directly from someone who has gone through the process before." Severus set his mug on the table and leaned forward, steepling his fingers under his chin as his elbows rested on the tabletop. Ah, yes. Nothing like Hermione Granger in full-blown know-it-all mode to deflate his growing enthusiasm."What kind of spell are you hoping to create, Miss Granger?" His condescension had no effect on the girl who jumped excitedly into her explanation."Well, I spent the first half of the summer with my parents, and I was using their internet. It occurred to me that finding information in the muggle world is so much easier than it is in the magical world. Well, I thought, that was pretty ridiculous. Surely we must have come up with something by now that would make research more efficient. And yet, I was unable to find any such spell. So, I've been thinking, if only there were some way to point a person in the direction of a book that contained information on a particular subject, it would be so much easier to find what that person was looking for." Severus kept his face blank, but he was secretly impressed with this idea. The Internet was only a vague, abstract idea to him, but it was an interesting proposition."That sounds rather complex for a first spell. Perhaps you should start with something smaller?" He watched the girl's face drop in disappointment, and was satisfied that he had been the cause."I don't have any simpler ideas," she said softly."Start with something basic; a charm." He suggested. She shrugged her shoulders, almost as if in defeat, and picked her book back up. Something in the lines of her face, however, told him that she thought she could handle a more difficult spell than he expected. The frustrated annoyance that he would have expected to feel at that was replaced by a sort of amused pride. Odd. Their silence continued until Black arrived to disturb the peace."Hermione!" he said, much to the girl's obvious chagrin."Oh, hello Sirius." The mongrel leaned close to Granger and Severus could feel anger rising up within him even before he heard Black whisper loudly in the girl's ear."Snape isn't bothering you, is he?" Her cinnamon eyes met his immediately and he could see a blush spreading across her pretty face as her lips parted in horrified surprise. "Because I can get rid of him, if you need me to.""Can you?" Snape challenged, unable to stop himself. Granger froze like a cornered rabbit."If I find that you have been harassing Hermione, I won't hesitate." Severus grinned knowingly at the girl before responding."And what will you do?" he teased. Black was getting all worked up, his hands on the back of Granger's chair, his dark gaze fixed on Severus, and his hand twitching to grab his wand."I'll send you back to the depths of hell, where you belong!" It took Severus a moment to process the fact that the girl had blanched at this, and before he could respond, she butted in."Sirius! Professor Snape has not been bothering me. In fact, you ought to show him a bit more respect, because really he saved my life." Black backed away in shock, but his eyes darted cynically back to Severus's rigid form."Did he now?" The mutt's crazed features twisted with malice. "And how did he go about that? I suppose he just waltzed into Voldemort's lair and plucked you up? And the dark lord still trusts him unconditionally?" Severus leapt to his feet, feeling pulses of pure loathing in his veins. The girl had paled, but Severus did not even take the time to notice. His attention was focused on Black."For your information, Black, that is exactly what I did! On Dumbledore's orders. And aren't you glad that the dark lord believes in me so completely? Because if he didn't, Miss Granger would not be here with us at the moment! Instead, she would either have lost her mind from the effects of the Cruciatus, or she would likely be slowly being digested in the stomach of a giant snake!" Black paled immediately and he felt a rush of satisfaction before his gaze swept over to Granger. Her own face had turned a shade of green and she lurched out of her seat, running from the room as if she was about to be sick.Fuck! He hadn't even been thinking of the effect those words might have on the girl. Fuck! He, himself, was so desensitized to the horrors of the dark side that he hadn't even realized how horrible that thought could be. Until now. He turned back to Black, realizing that the other man was glaring daggers at him. And for once, he knew he absolutely deserved it. For that reason only, he did not stop the mutt as he ran out of the room to find the girl. Fuck, fuck, fuck!Hermione retched into the toilet in the downstairs bathroom. She knew without a shadow of a doubt that the scenario Snape had outlined in such vivid detail was exactly what would have happened to her. Tears ran down her face, both from the physical pain and humiliation of being sick and from the emotional torment and fear that swirled inside of her. Part of her knew she should probably be angry with Snape for bringing about these feelings, but all she could feel was gratitude toward the man for saving her from that ghastly fate. What was she to him, after all? She played a small part in the upcoming war, but it was nothing substantial enough to warrant him jeopardizing his position as a spy. Of course, he hadn't ever actually jeopardized it, she supposed."Hermione?" came Sirius's voice through the door. "Are you alright?" She groaned, more from irritation than from pain."I'm fine. Please, just leave me alone." But Sirius was persistent."Do you need help with anything?" Hermione resisted the urge to retort that she could very well gag on her own."No. Thank you." Would the man just go away? Apparently not."You know, I'm here to talk if you ever need somebody." He continued. She stood and faced her reflection in the mirror."I'm alright, Sirius. Really." Besides being a little green. She rinsed her mouth out several times before gulping down some of the sweet water and splashing it on her face. Some of the color was returning to her cheeks, at least."Alright, well, my offer stands." Then, Sirius's voice grew low. "If you ever need anything… Hermione…" The way he said her name was like a caress and she suppressed the urge to gag again. Couldn't he just leave her alone? Apparently not. "You know, you have grown into a beautiful, young woman, and it just isn't fair that this is happening to you. I just want you to know that I'm there, alright? Promise me you'll come to me if you need something?" Hermione felt anger bubbling up inside of her. The last thing she needed was another man to answer to."Thanks, Sirius. I'll keep that in mind," she said evasively."Promise?" Hermione felt like throttling him, but knew that his intentions were good. Well, she supposed they were good."I promise," she said, finally. I promise to keep it in mind, she thought ruefully. Please let that be the end of it!"Thank you," he murmured softly against the door. She listened for his retreating footsteps, but he lingered outside the bathroom for a few moments before finally slipping away. Merlin, what the bloody hell has happened to my life?Severus reluctantly stepped inside Lucius's study. His aristocratic friend had extended an elegant invitation to the Slytherin Head to join him for a brandy that evening. It was not unusual, and was usually harmless, but Severus had a sense of foreboding about the visit. It was likely that his friend wanted to talk about Granger."Severus!" came the cheerful greeting of his oldest friend. "So good of you to come! I was afraid you might be… otherwise occupied." His suggestive tone, coupled with a leering wink left Severus with no doubt about his meaning."Ah, yes," the younger wizard replied, "But I can usually manage to pull myself away long enough for a brandy with an old friend." He sneered as he accepted a tumbler of the amber liquid and made himself comfortable in one of the wingback chairs beside the fireplace. Many nights he had sat in this very place, talking to Lucius, warming his frozen soul with a bit of brandy and a toasty fire. It was rather late in the summer for a fire tonight, and he knew that nothing about this meeting would leave him warmer."Hermione Granger, is it?" Ah, so we're jumping right to it, then? He inclined his head in reply and watched the features of the elegant blond twist into a horrible leer. "Do her little friends know?""No." Lucius laughed."All the better!""Well, as the entire point is that she is supposed to spy on them for me, I suppose it is better that way." Lucius grinned back at him."Ah, yes. I had forgotten." Of course he had. All that concerned him was the prospect of sex. "Was she a virgin?" Exhibit A. Severus forced himself to leer back at the other wizard."Yes." Lucius's eyes lit up with lust and Severus knew what he was going to ask next."Would you care to share her with an old friend?" Snape curled his lip in a knowing smirk."No." He watched Lucius pout over that. But really, had he expected anything different?"Fine. You've always been strange about that, Severus. You will bring her to a revel, of course? At least allow me the pleasure of watching." Severus inclined his head. This was something he hoped to avoid for as long as he could."We will see.""You won't be able to avoid it for long, old friend. Once the rest of our brothers realize what a prize you have been given, they will demand that you share her.""She belongs to me. I will not share what is rightfully mine." Severus was vehement on this point. The worst he would allow to happen to the girl was for her to sleep with himself, and that was pretty much a necessity, he realized. It was too risky hoping that no one discovered her virginity and began asking questions."Fine. Fine, Severus. I doubt anyone would be foolish enough to challenge you for her. But they will demand a show. You know they will." Severus nodded solemnly, sipping his brandy."I know."









Chapter 11





Chapter Text
The girl was sitting up in the little bed in his potions lab reading when he returned from his visit with Lucius. The book was not his own, as that one had been placed back on the table beside the bed. But he recognized the cover all the same. It was the book about Muggle deities he had seen during her Occlumency lesson. She looked up and smiled to acknowledge his presence, but then dove back into her reading. What could be so interesting about a bunch of myths? Stepping over to the small bed, Severus gently pulled the book down so that he could see the page she was reading. Cinnamon eyes jumped to his in inquiry, but she allowed him to read the title.
"Hecate?" He asked simply. She nodded, stubbornly refusing to elaborate without a more specific question. He could see the glint of humor in her eyes. It was good to see that she had recovered from his insensitivity that morning. Not that he cared. "The Greek Goddess of Witchcraft?"
"Yes." She said simply. "And also crossroads, entrance-ways, fire, light, the Moon, magic, knowledge of herbs and poisonous plants, necromancy, and sorcery." Severus was sure that she was quoting the text from memory.
"Why the sudden interest in ancient deities?" He watched the girl's brow wrinkle in confusion.
"I'm not sure, exactly. It's hard to explain. I just feel like there's a connection." She smiled at her own nonsense and shrugged her shoulders. "I was hoping maybe…" then she trailed off as if she wasn't sure she should say.
"Finish your thought, Granger," he bit out impatiently. She answered immediately.
"I was hoping maybe I was Hecate and not Persephone." Then her cheeks reddened and she looked hurt, somehow. "No fair!" she cried. "I have to answer you!" Oh yeah.
"Fuck!" he swore, and her eyes grew wide in surprise at his harsh words. "Forgive me," he continued gracelessly. "I can hardly change the habits of a lifetime in a few short days." She nodded in acceptance of the apology despite his use of a tone that implied he didn't really mean it.
"That's alright." He was momentarily thrown off guard by her sincerity.
"In any case, I really don't see any resemblance to the Goddess of Spring." Her guilty look as she turned her eyes to the covers was enough to trigger a memory in his mind. She believed that he was Hades. She would only be Persephone because of her connection to him. Oh. "I'm not sure Hecate is the right one either, though," he rushed on. "Though I'm not sure why it matters." Suddenly this conversation felt very awkward. He cleared his throat. "There was actually something else I wanted to talk to you about." Granger set her book aside and sat up in the bed. It seemed so wrong that she would be in bed for this little talk. Conjuring a chair, Severus opted to sit beside the bed, rather than loom over her, or—Merlin forbid—sit on the mattress beside her.
"I have come up with a few ways to get around the rules of the enslavement." She did not respond, but waited for him to continue. "That is, I am hoping that they have the right effect. We will have to test it. And soon, because it is entirely possible that we will be called before the dark lord again, in the very near future. You must be ready."
"What did you have in mind, Professor?" He glanced up at her trusting eyes and felt a lump of nervousness at the sight of her lying in bed.
"Well, I was thinking that if I commanded you to only obey me under specific circumstances—I don't know what exactly—then perhaps you could only pretend to obey when the dark lord requests information. In that case, you would be able to feed him lies. Of course, we would be banking on the assumption that he would not feel the need to read your mind if you are readily answering his questions, anyway." Her eyes lit up in excitement and he raised an eyebrow. "Idea, Granger?"
"Yes! I was thinking, perhaps the condition could be that I only obey you if you are sneering when you voice your command." Severus blinked at that unexpected suggestion. He wasn't sure if he should be amused of offended. But his mixed emotions were quickly brushed aside when he realized the merit of the idea. It could work.
"I'll ignore the insult implied, Granger." He saw her try to protest and cut her off. "We will use it as a trial. Tomorrow, there is an Order meeting. When Albus comes to question you, I will order you to answer. Do not obey any command I give you tomorrow if I am not, as you say, sneering." The girl looked properly chastised and excited all at the same time. He knew the prospect of finding a loophole in the chains binding her would have been very appealing to him as well, had he been placed in her position. That thought brought him back to the prophecy. Should I tell her about it? But Granger started to speak again, and the opportunity was past.
"Sir?" she began. "You mentioned that we had no way of knowing when the dark lord would call on us; if he would call me with you…"
"Yes," he agreed, gesturing for her to continue.
"Well… you said… at one point… that he would… expect certain things… That is… I mean… I was thinking that… well… it might be a bit suspicious if… I mean… "
"Oh, spit it out, Granger!" he growled before he realized that she would be forced to comply.
"Won't he think it's odd that I'm still a virgin?" Her hands clapped over her mouth and her entire face turned a delightful red as he found himself frozen to the chair.
"Forgive me," he said at last. She just leaned back against the pillows, letting her head fall back in humiliation. The movement forced her breasts outward and his eyes swept down the pale length of her neck to appreciate the pert points clear beneath the fabric. He shook his head. Was it the prospect of having sex with the girl that was kindling this sudden attraction to her?

Hermione could have died from mortification. The only thing easing her pain was the fact that he blamed himself for her boldness. "Actually, that was the next subject I had hoped to address," Snape said in a low, hesitant voice. She could see that this was making him just as uncomfortable as it was her. "I have just returned from Malfoy Manor. I think you remember the Malfoy residence? Well, Lucius invited me for a little chat tonight." His reference to Draco Malfoy's father as if he were an old comrade reminded Hermione of just how far away they really were from each other. Not only was he so much older, but his acquaintances were all Death Eaters. And she was going to be forced to have sex with him!
"He has made it painfully clear that I will not be able to keep you to myself for very long." Hermione bolted up in the bed, her eyes wide in horror. WHAT?! "Oh, no," he continued, "I don't mean that I will be forced to share you." WHAT?! "That much I am sure I can guarantee without jeopardizing my role there. But they will demand that I bring you to the revels; the lavish parties that Lucius likes to throw. Many horrible things happen at the revels, but you would only be humiliated." Oh dear Merlin. "I am certain that minimal pain will be required to be convincing." Hermione thought she might be sick again. A sudden dizziness nearly overwhelmed her and she sank back into the pillows. Severus Snape clearly did not know how to be reassuring.
"When will that be?" she asked softly. He hesitated a little too long.
"I am not sure."
"But you have an idea," she accused. She saw him cringe.
"Soon. I am sure it will be soon. Also, it is likely that you will get no more warning than knowing that I am out of the house and suddenly being apparated elsewhere." He sighed and she suddenly noticed how very tired he looked. This was putting a lot of added stress on him, as well. "I think… it would be best… if we were to… to do it…" he cringed at the words even as he said them, but she nodded her understanding, "before you are called." She gulped down a sudden knot of emotion in her throat.
"I think you're right." He nodded, not quite looking at her. "When…" she trailed off. The question was clear enough.
"Soon," was all he said. They were silent for a tense moment before he continued. "I was thinking that you might be more comfortable here, rather than in my own room. At least you are familiar with this…" he was about to say 'bed,' she knew. She nodded vehemently so that he did not have to finish the thought.
"That would be preferable," she agreed. There was another moment of silence before their eyes met. So many questions and concerns seemed to hang in the air between them, but neither said a word. Then, Hermione felt a tremor of dread lash through her. "Now?" she blurted, interpreting his strange expression of apprehension as not knowing where to begin. He seemed to bolt away from her at that, his back pressed against the chair behind him.
"No. No, I-I don't think such haste is necessary. Perhaps… tomorrow?" Hermione felt her heart pounding in her chest. They were discussing times now. It was actually going to happen. She was going to sleep with Professor Severus Snape! Merlin, the knot in her throat was choking her and she knew her face was ablaze with color. And there was another sensation; a strange nervous feeling in the pit of her stomach, almost like anticipation.
"Sure," she said, nodding vehemently. Anything to make it not be today. And then, she started to wonder if tomorrow wasn't too soon, too. Perhaps they could move it to the next day, or a week from now. No, she told herself. The sooner the better. You can't prolong the inevitable forever.
"Fine," he said, rising from the chair. "Tomorrow it is. If there is nothing else you need, I should be going." She nodded, but found that she could not speak. "Oh, and Granger, do not tell anyone about any of this." It was clear from his tone that he knew he was giving her a command that she would be forced to follow, but he didn't care. Sweeping from the room, her professor was suddenly gone. And Hermione felt tears of confusion and fear burning rivers down her cheeks.

Tiptoeing up the stairs to the room she shared with Ginny, Hermione once again questioned the wisdom of her plan. It was awfully lonely down in the makeshift lab, and Hermione was feeling rather desperate for company. Honestly, she just needed someone who would support and comfort her. She needed a friend.
When she pushed open the door to their bedroom, however, she was shocked to see a tangled mass of naked limbs upon Ginny's bed. For one long second she merely stood there in paralyzed horror. Then, shutting the door on reflex, she stopped herself just short of slamming it and ran down the stairs. What the hell!? Were Harry and Ginny having sex!? Merlin! Is this what happens when you lock up a bunch of frustrated witches and wizards!? Apparently.
She didn't stop until she reached the kitchen, collapsing in a chair and letting her head sink down on the table. I am so ready for this summer to be over!
Hermione didn't realize she had fallen asleep until the sounds of someone else in the kitchen brought her back to the present. The chair beside her was scooted back and she could feel the warmth of someone's body close beside her. Suddenly, a hand was on her back, running soothing circles in the center. "Hermione?" Sirius's voice whispered and she could feel his hot breath on her ear. Her eyes popped open to see his concerned face not far from her own. "Are you alright?" he said. She sat up, deliberately forcing his hand away from her. What the hell is going on in this house!? I know it's not the full moon!
"Sorry. I must have fallen asleep," she murmured, trying to stand. But his hand came to rest on her shoulder, effectively trapping her in the chair.
"You've been crying," he said gently. She looked up at him and saw concern in his eyes. He was just worried about her, after all.
"It's nothing," she said. "I've just had a rough week."
"I know you have," he consoled. "I know better than most how terrible a bunch the Death Eaters are. I spent twelve years locked away with them, after all." She smiled sadly. That was something she had forgotten to take into consideration. "And then, of course, there's the matter of my family." Hermione's eyes widened. "Ah, you are familiar with Bellatrix." She nodded. "But my own brother was also one of them. Believe me, I have seen how the dark arts can twist a person. It is cruel that you should have to face it alone at so tender an age." His hand was rubbing circles in her back again, but she allowed it. The contact was soothing in a way she hadn't realized she needed.
Tears were sliding down her cheeks again. She wished they would stop. By now, she would have thought that all the tears would be used up. And yet, they continued, snaking trails of hot salt down her cold face. She yearned for the comfort that Sirius was providing.
A hand came up to cup her face as his thumb wiped away a fresh tear. He smiled sadly into her eyes and allowed his hand to run through her tangled hair. The caress was gentle, affectionate. It calmed her and made her feel less like part of a plan and more like a human being. Then, his hand was trailing down her arm, warming her chilled skin; bringing life back into it. His forehead touched hers and she was vaguely aware of another hand on her knee as the first trailed back up her arm, his thumb running along the crease between her arm and her chest. Only then did this much needed comfort seem wrong. The tip of his nose brushed against hers and she opened her streaming eyes to see that his own were closed, his lips parted in heady concentration. He was moving closer.
"Am I interrupting?" Hermione and Sirius both jumped about a foot at the intrusion and looked up to see Severus Snape standing in the doorway, leaning against the frame as if he had been watching. His arms were folded across his chest and she could see the rage in his cold, black eyes. He was furious.
"Oh, go fuck yourself, Snivellus! You're not wanted here!" Snape stepped further into the room and Hermione jumped up to stand between the two men.
"Go to bed, Granger," Snape commanded. She obeyed instantly, compulsively, but he was unrepentant. Behind her, she could hear the angry sounds of quarreling and was certain that wands had already been drawn. Unable to stop the disaster from unfolding, Hermione slipped back into the small potions lab and curled up in the little bed.









Chapter 12





Chapter Text
Neither Snape nor Sirius made an appearance at breakfast the next morning. Hermione couldn't help but worry about what could have happened the night before after she had gone to bed. But a glowing Ginny Weasley was enough of a distraction as the pretty redhead plopped down beside her at the table."Morning, Hermione!" came the girl's too-enthusiastic greeting."Morning, Ginny," Hermione replied, not bothering to hide her curiosity. "What's got you in such a good mood?" She knew, of course, but she wasn't about to tell Ginny that."Oh, nothing…" Ginny sang, slanting her eyes in a way that communicated the exact opposite. When Harry arrived, Ginny barely said a word to him, ruffling his hair when he sat down beside her, but otherwise giving nothing away. Harry, himself, looked rather embarrassed in a pleased sort of way. He clearly did not know how to act. Then Ron came in and started inhaling his breakfast, and the rest of the foursome turned back to their own plates.When Bill and Fleur came into the kitchen, Fleur was wearing a nightgown that was practically transparent. Ginny's glare and Ron's gaping, food-stuffed mouth were so at odds with each other that Hermione almost laughed. Almost. It wasn't long before Ginny left the now crowded kitchen, and Hermione went to follow after her."Alright, Ginny," Hermione teased when they were alone in their shared bedroom. "What's going on?" Ginny gave the older witch a mischievous smile before leaning toward her conspiratorially."Well, it's been a few days now, but I didn't want to say anything because I know you've been having a rough time, but…""But?""But Harry and I are sleeping together! And oh, Hermione, it's so good. So much better than it was with Dean. I think it's because we have so much chemistry, you know? And we've both wanted it for so long. Actually, to be honest, I think the reason it's so much better with Harry is that we really love each other. I mean it's not like he's more experienced than Dean was. Ah! I just feel so liberated!""I'm really happy for you, Gin," Hermione heard herself respond. She knew it was a cookie-cutter response, but it was hard for her to voice the way she really felt at the moment. Yes, she was happy that Ginny and Harry had finally found something so perfect together. And yet, at the same time, all she could think about was the night ahead of her, and the man who would be waiting for her. He certainly didn't love her. A blush tinged her cheeks and she felt a million questions rising up inside of her. "Was it awkward?" she asked, "The first time?""Nope, not at all. We were both really ready for it, I think. And then, it just sort of happened. Don't worry, Hermione, we're being very safe," she hurried to assure her friend."How? What are you using?""Contraceptive potions. They're really easy to come by, actually.""Here?!""Well, no. But I've been planning for this for a while. It only takes one potion a month, so I'm stocked for a while." Hermione had not even thought about contraception. She hoped Snape had a plan for that. Ginny might be a tad suspicious if she were to ask for a vial. There were other questions she wanted to ask, but she couldn't find an easy way to do so."So, you've been planning for this, have you? What else have you been doing to prepare?""Oh, all sorts of things! Reading, waxing, shopping. Do you want to see the lingerie I bought?" Ginny jumped up excitedly to find her lingerie and Hermione tried to backtrack."Waxing?" Ginny pulled out some kind of crimson lace that made Hermione blush. "You wore that?""Do you like it? I haven't worn it yet. I'm saving it for a special occasion. See, it's Gryffindor red!" Hermione cleared her throat."So, and you waxed…""Oh, of course! Had to tame the flames, if you know what I mean. No one wants to put up with a bunch of hair down there." Hermione felt her cheeks growing hot. Is that what Snape will think?"I've never done it," she admitted."It's really easy and a lot easier than shaving. There's a potion and you just spread it over the hair you want to come off before you jump in the shower. I like to leave a little patch of firebecause I like the way it looks.""Fire?""Well yeah, silly! I'm a redhead, after all." Oh. "Would you like to try it? I have some if you want it. And it lasts for months so I won't need any more any time soon.""Yeah, sure." Hermione's heart was pounding at the thought of preparing for tonight, but she didn't want him to be disgusted with her, either. "So… why is it called waxing?" The redhead paused for a moment."I have no idea."Severus sat in the back, in his usual spot, during the Order meeting. Albus had decided not to tell the rest of the members the details of Granger's escape. Nor did he think it wise to share the contents of the prophecy with his trusted friends. Given that gaping hole in recent events, it didn't take their proud leader very long to run out of news to fill them all in on. When he finally dismissed the rest of the members, Severus remained behind. He watched Albus usher the group out the door and then beckon toward the stairs. Granger had been seated there with one of her damnable books since before the meeting was called to order.The girl did not quite meet his eyes upon entering the study and he sneered when she placed herself in a chair at the opposite end of the room from him. A lot of good that will do you, Granger. Albus seemed cheerfully unaware of the mounting tension in the room as he sat equidistance from the other two."Well, now," he began. "Miss Granger, I trust you understand the purpose of this meeting?" The girl nodded, not looking up from the hands clasped in her lap. "I did not want to force you to relive such a horrible memory so soon after the fact, but any information could be important to our cause." She nodded again, this time looking up at the Headmaster bravely. It was clear to Severus that she was trying very hard not to look in his direction."Tell him your account, Granger," Severus commanded, making sure not to sneer as he said the words. It was quite an effort in his current mood. The girl opened her mouth to speak, then blinked in realization. The excitement was enough to allow her a glance in Severus's direction and she smiled beautifully. He tried not to notice how appealing that was. Before she could even speak, however, Albus interrupted."Actually, I would prefer to see the memory, if Miss Granger doesn't mind." Severus chilled her radiant smile with a vicious sneer as he changed his request."Allow the Headmaster to see the memory, Granger." Immediately, the girl's head swung around to face Albus. Stunned, the old man hesitated only a moment before slipping into her mind. Severus watched the horror and pain of the memory spread across her pretty features and immediately regretted forcing her to relive it. He should have thought to send for a pensieve.When the Headmaster finally withdrew from the girl's mind, he did not give her another glance. In a flurry of magenta robes and flowing beard, he was pacing the length of the small chamber. Severus alone seemed to notice the broken expression of the young Miss Granger, sitting beside the fireplace with tear tracks down her cheeks. She lifted her chin bravely, but he could see that the color was gone from her face, leaving only an empty white. She looked very much as she had last night. With him. Severus felt cold hatred rising inside of him at the thought of that mongrel's hands all over the girl. He had been about to kiss her, and she was going to let him. Was she so repulsed by the idea of sleeping with him that she was turning to other men for comfort?And how could she so easily trust a man like Sirius Black, but continue to have doubts about himself?"You did well to rescue her, Severus. Apparently dear Bellatrix was feeling particularly feisty that day.""Yes, Albus, and this solution is so much better for everyone," he replied angrily."Have you found any ways around the magic of the curse?" Albus asked, paying no attention to his mood."That is what we are endeavoring to discover at this very moment," he responded. "Miss Granger, tell Professor Dumbledore what you've done today." The girl opened her mouth to respond, but was unable to form the words. Her jaw slammed shut. Then, he allowed a horrible sneer to spread across his face. "Fine. Then tell the Headmaster what you did last night." Granger was immediately forced to answer."I was reading about Hecate when Professor Snape came in. We discussed plans for evading the effects of the curse and then we talked about…""After that, Granger!""Then I snuck upstairs and caught Harry and Ginny in bed." Granger's hands came up to cover her mouth in horror, but she continued to speak. "Then I fell asleep at the kitchen table and Sirius came to comfort me, but then I think he was going to do more and Professor Snape came in and ordered me to leave so he could fight Sirius. I tried to stop them, but I had to obey, so I went to bed instead." Tears were streaming from her eyes, but Severus felt a perverse sense of satisfaction. That will teach her."Severus, how many times have I told you not to fight with Sirius?" the old man scolded. "Now then, tell me about these ideas of yours."That bastard! Hermione repeated in her mind for the umpteenth time as she stripped in the small bathroom. How could he do that to me? That selfish, controlling, evil bastard! Setting a towel on the edge of the tub, she sat on it and poured a liberal amount of the waxing potion into her hand. This is completely ridiculous. The man hates me and here I am bloody primpingfor him! Oh dear Merlin, where do I put this stuff? Bloody hell! I should have asked her more about it. I guess between my legs. That's the most important part, after all. And maybe around the edges up here. How big of a patch do I leave? Fuck! This shouldn't be so difficult. I'll just outline where I want it to be… Is that too far left? Oh like he'll even fucking care! And what if he does care? He can sod off! Why should I want him to enjoy this? I'm bloody well not going to. Oh, now the right doesn't look smooth. Fuck! When this is all done I'm going to give that man a piece of my mind. To think I'm going through all of this for that bastard! The way he doesn't even feel guilty using the control he has over me TO HARM ME! Bastard. Oh hell, what if he uses that power to make me do things to him? Hermione shivered at the thought. And then, it made her unaccountably angrier with her Potions Professor. Well he can rot in sodding Hades for all I care!When Hermione stepped out of the shower, she rubbed a clear spot on the mirror and bravely stared at her naked reflection. This is what he is going to see. What will he think? Well, I'm not as scrawny as I used to be, but I certainly don't hold a candle to Fleur or Ginny. Would he rather sleep with one of them? No! Hermione Granger, don't you dare think about things like that! Fuck him, anyway. He's stuck with me, so it's too damn bad if he does. Oh, but I hope he doesn't.Hermione brought her hands up to cup her little breasts. Will he want to touch them? Will he think they're insufficient? She turned around to inspect her backside. I don't look half bad from the back, though. Good thing I've got a bit of a bum now. And hips, too. I don't remember having hips. She ran her hands along the smooth plane of her stomach, down to fondle the little patch of brown curls she had left at the junction of her legs. Will he think I've tried too hard?That night at dinner Hermione was beginning to get more and more nervous. She never knew what to expect of the man studiously avoiding her gaze at the far end of the table. And yet, very soon, he would be fucking her. You shouldn't think of it like that! A strange knot of nervous excitement was building in her stomach. She tried to rationalize the little teensy weensy part of her that was kind of sort of looking forward to this as being a product of her constant desire to learn new things. It was the only thing that made sense, after all."So, Harry," Mrs. Weasley was saying, "Have you been having a nice summer, dear?" Hermione watched Harry's cheeks turn pink as he responded that he had indeed been having a nice summer. Ron gave a noncommittal grunt in response to the same question directed at him. Mrs. Weasley went no further, however, seeming to realize where it would eventually lead. And everyone knew that Hermione Granger was having a terrible summer. "Tonks dear, would you pass the potatoes?"As the currently-blue-haired young woman reached over her own plate for the potato dish, she knocked over her glass of pumpkin juice, spilling it all over Remus's lap. The metamorphmagus's entire head turned pink in embarrassment as she grabbed the closest dish towel and began dabbing at the front of his trousers. Those surrounding the pair were occupied trying to stop the flow of the sweet liquid across the wooden table while Sirius obliged Mrs. Weasley by handing her the potatoes. But Hermione noticed the moment that Tonks realized what she was doing and jerked her head up to meet Remus's surprised gaze. The two were locked in a heated stare, their faces flushed and Tonks's lips quirked up. After a moment, they turned away from each other and resumed eating, but their blushes remained and Hermione was pretty sure there was something going on under the table.The brief pandemonium was calming down when Hermione glanced back toward Professor Snape. His thoughtful eyes were watching her with an unreadable expression. Their eyes locked across the distance, but she was not sure what he was trying to communicate to her. Perhaps it was not communication at all. Suddenly, he was turned away from her again as if she could have imagined the whole thing.Professor Snape left the kitchen as pudding was being served and Hermione wasn't sure if she was supposed to follow or not. Warring with herself, she decided that she was damn well going to enjoy her pudding before following the bastard anywhere. But it was hard to enjoy the pudding with so many thoughts of what was to come running through her mind. Finally, she excused herself and headed slowly to the little makeshift potions lab.But the dark professor was not waiting for her in the small bedroom. She hesitated before deciding to wait for him there. After all, she could read a book, calm her nerves, and not appear to be waiting for him. When she caught sight of herself in the mirror behind the cauldron of Wolfsbane, however, she stopped. Muggle jeans and a t-shirt? It's not exactly sexy. Not that I was planning to wear anything like Ginny's lingerie. But something like a nightgown—like the one Fleur was wearing this morning—that might work. Hermione withdrew her wand. She was over the age, but it still felt dangerously naughty using her wand during the summer months. For that reason, she had refrained from using it until now. But this occasion certainly called for a bit of magic. Picturing a similar nightgown in her mind, Hermione was soon enveloped in pleated folds of chiffon drifting down to her knees from spaghetti straps that left her shoulders bare. I look like a giant poofball. Hesitantly, Hermione removed a few of the layers of the sheer material until she got the desired effect. The garment was not exactly sheer, but her silhouette was discernible through the material. It was subtle and sexy, she decided, and made her look like a Greek Goddess.Suddenly, the door opened, and in came Professor Snape. Hermione felt a hot rush of terror at his sudden presence. Looming over her tiny form, her professor was a lot larger than she remembered. As he seemed to fill up the entire room with his overbearing presence, she felt more like Persephone than she ever had. Oh Merlin, I'm not ready for this! How the goddess managed not to die from sheer terror when Hades dragged her down to the Underworld Hermione would never understand. She could only pray that she was that brave.The girl was waiting for him when he entered the small room. He had expected this, but had thought she would be stubbornly pretending to read a book until he came in. He had notexpected to find her wrapped in a delicious, see-through nightgown. The pure white of the garment made her skin seem to glow with the faint blush now filling her cheeks. And with her hair down and in disarray she looked like something from a dream. You don't deserve her. And besides, she wants Black. Foolish girl!Hermione watched as her professor slipped off his outer robes and began to unbutton the long frock coat that he always wore. She froze. Had anyone ever seen the professor without that coat? It all seemed even more real now, and more intimate, as she watched him drape the dark garment over a chair. Even without his billowing, black robes, her professor was intimidating. His tall frame made her feel tiny and she could see a pronounced bulge in the front of his trousers. He's already aroused! Hermione wasn't sure if she should be encouraged or disgusted. He's looking forward to this! Then, her professor sat on the bed and she felt her stomach flip with nervousness and something akin to excitement. But he was only pulling off his heavy boots.She was watching him expectantly; the terror all too clear in those cinnamon eyes. And he was the cause. Recently he had begun to think of the girl as pretty and even a bit alluring. But here, standing before him like the vision of an angel, she was probably the most beautiful thing he had ever seen. With that thought he felt a rush of guilty feelings for Lily, but brushed them away. Lily had indeed been beautiful, in a haughty way. But the sincerity and purity emanating from Granger made her all the more desirable. Oh Merlin, I can't do this!Sincerity and purity my arse! The little bitch was practically throwing herself at the mongrel pup, or have you forgotten that? She doesn't want you! "Well, Miss Granger, are you planning to stand there all night?" he bit out. She flinched, but remained where she was."What should I do, Professor?" Severus cringed at her use of his title."First, you should not call me 'Professor.' At least not tonight." He watched the girl blush so forcefully that it spread down her pretty neck to disappear at the low neckline of her nightgown. Severus felt himself throb with need. Merlin, how he wanted to make slow love to her, to kiss her and caress her. But that was not what this was. She did not want him, and would not welcome his touch. This was just a means to an end; something they had to do for the Greater Cause. But Merlin, he wanted her. "Come here," he commanded. She stayed frozen to the spot."Sorry, prof—sorry. You ordered me not to obey any command…""Fuck! This stupid curse, I swear I'm going to find the man who invented it and…" Severus took a calming breath. "Alright, Miss Granger, for tonight, do not interpret any of my commands as commands. You may decide whether or not to do any of them, yourself." She nodded happily and went to sit beside him on the mattress. The heat of her small body touched his skin and he suddenly felt nervous. What the hell do I do now?Hermione felt very small and vulnerable next to her strong professor. She wanted to be angry with him, but her characteristic need for approval from those she respected won out. All she cared about right now was not disappointing him. Even if she was painfully frightened of the act itself, she trusted the man beside her to know what to do and to guide her through it. "Perhaps you should lie down, Miss Granger," he said softly, with only the tiniest bit of irritation clear in his voice. Immediately a rush of embarrassment shot through her and she hurried to climb back onto the bed.Severus stood and looked down at the girl blushing in her bed. She was stretched out so rigidly that he thought she might crack if he touched her the wrong way. Her cheeks were an attractive shade of pink and her cinnamon eyes were following his every move. Slowly, Severus crawled onto the bed until he was positioned over her. He swallowed nervously, seeing the fear in her eyes as well, but the ache in his groin far overrode any embarrassment he felt at this point. Should I kiss her? No. That would be gratuitous and an invasion of her person. Just because you want to does not mean that she does.With her professor crouched over her, Hermione felt a thrill of nervous energy. A pulsing heat between her legs had started up at some point and now felt like full blown fire. This is really going to happen! And suddenly, she realized that she actually wanted it to happen. When Snape began to nudge her legs apart with his knee, she complied readily. He pushed the nightgown up her thighs until it was just covering her soft panties. Then, he was undoing the front of his trousers. The pulsing between her legs grew insistent at that and she almost moaned aloud. But he would think that she was very foolish. And he would tell her that this was strictly business. So she remained silent.Oh Merlin, this is going to be awful. She is going to scream and I am going to come and she will hate me forever. Fuck! "I just want to reiterate the fact that I don't want to do this any more than you do," he found himself saying. After all, he was going to heartily enjoy it and she would never forgive him for that when all she would get out of the experience was pain. "But it has to be done." He saw the girl nod and her eyes turned up to the ceiling as he withdrew his aching member from his trousers.From the corner of her eye, Hermione could see her professor leaning down toward her. She flinched as something prodded her panties and her professor cursed under his breath. With a wave of his hand, her panties were gone and she could feel the cool air of the room around them. Gulping down her nervousness, she felt her face burn hot from the shame of being so exposed before him. Then, she felt something soft and warm rubbing between the folds of her core.At the sensation of her soft, smooth skin against the head of his aching cock, Severus almost groaned with pleasure. He had not expected her to be so well groomed, as if she had preparedfor this. Preposterous! He inched inside of her until he came up against the boundary of her virginity. "This is going to hurt, but it will get better," he told her in what he hoped was a reassuring tone.The concern in her professor's voice was surprising and she looked up to catch his eye as he lightly pushed against her. The pain shot through her immediately and she cried out as he pushed against her again, unrelenting. No! He's doing it wrong! He's breaking me! "Relax, Miss Granger. It will be easier if you just relax." Hermione closed her eyes and tried to relax her muscles, thinking of the soft concern he seemed to feel for her. Thinking of how proud he would be of her if she was brave for this. She bit her lip and thought of the Greater Cause.With one hard thrust, Snape ripped into her. She muffled her scream against a hand and tasted blood from the lip she had been biting. A tear slid down her cheek when she opened her eyes to see her professor hunched over her, frozen, his inky hair falling to caress her breasts.Severus had never felt anything so amazing. She was so tight and surprisingly wet, but he knew that she was in terrible pain. With that in mind, he forced himself not to move, going against every instinct inside of him which begged him to thrust into her again and again until he found his own release. Just as he thought he couldn't take it anymore, a little hand came up to brush the dark hair from his face. The contact was so surprising that Severus pressed inside of her again as their eyes met. Her head fell back against the pillow and he began to slowly, carefully move inside of her. It was like nothing he had ever felt, but he kept himself under control. The last thing he wanted to do was hurt her any more.Hermione closed her eyes. The pain was easing, but it was still present as her professor moved against her. Somewhere, a thrill of excitement went through her at the prospect of what was happening. Sex. She couldn't say that this was exactly how she had pictured it, but she couldn't put a finger on what was different. All she knew was that it excited her in a very odd way that her professor was enjoying her body. And it kind of felt good. She opened her eyes to find him staring down at her. Their eyes met and that contact while he pressed inside of her made a funny tension start to build between her legs.Her cinnamon eyes met his and he was surprised to see that she was starting to enjoy this. For his part, this slow pace was driving him insane. Their eyes were locked and he began to feel uncomfortable being so intimately connected to her, so he broke the connection by closing his.Hermione continued to watch Snape, his eyes closed, his lips slightly parted, as he moved against her. She became aware of the fact that he was holding back. Each thrust, while slow, was deep and lingering. And his bony hips were starting to hurt her thighs. Hermione pulled her thighs up past his hips and his eyes snapped open as he growled low in his throat. Lust seemed to emanate from the dark depths of his inky eyes and she wondered for a moment if she had done something wrong. Then, his hand came up to twist in her hair and he began to move faster against her.Her subtle change in their position allowed him to go deeper, filling her to the hilt and Severus's control snapped. Reaching into her thick hair, he pounded into her, imagining the way her breasts would feel if he could touch them. Her own eyes clouded with apparent lust and he quickened the pace, approaching climax as her eyes locked onto his. A tiny, almost secret smile twisted those sultry lips and he burst inside of her, groaning in agonized pleasure as he rocked against her.Hermione watched in amazement as her professor came above her. His features twisted in an expression of agony and he groaned as he pressed hard against her. She felt his hot seed spill inside of her and felt remarkably on edge, as if she could just about go over the edge with him. A sudden ball of emotion caught in her throat as tears sprang inexplicably from her eyes. His forehead came down to her own as he came down from his orgasm and Hermione was reminded of Sirius the night before. Except, with Snape there was something so sincere and vulnerable about the gesture that she was not repulsed at all. Rather, she found the she wanted to draw him down to her and kiss him on the mouth, but it was too late. He pulled away from her and went about dressing.Suddenly Hermione felt cold.Suddenly, it really was all business.And then, Snape reached into the pocket of his coat and set a vial on the table beside her. Contraceptive.Without another word, Snape pulled open the door to their little room. "Ah, Severus," she heard Remus say. Before he could finish his train of thought, the door was closed. And Hermione was alone.A crushing, sinking feeling fell over her as she sat up in the bed and wrapped her arms around her knees. How could he act so casually about that?! She felt as if she had given him something and he had taken it and run. Or worse, he had torn it up. And run. Now she was alone in twisted despair as he went about his business, unaffected. Tears were leaking from behind her eyes like rivers of the dark water leading to Hades. And she was being drawn down into its depths with nothing but contempt and sorrow for company.As Hermione curled into a ball and sobbed into her pillows, Severus was kicking the door to his bedroom, his forehead pressed against it. He had humiliated himself. He had shown vulnerability. He had, for one pathetic moment, allowed her to see how much he needed her. Fuck! It was completely ridiculous. How could he need such an insufferable, annoying, young, beautiful… FUCK. He was well and truly fucked, to be sure. For 38 years he had never depended on anyone, and the one other time he had begun to allow such vulnerability, how had he been rewarded? With a chain of events that led to Lily's death and his own permanent Hell as a spy for two unscrupulous masters. Fuck! How could he allow himself to give her that kind of power?!And then, he remembered the sight of her broken body, lying in bed beneath him, crying as he came down from the most wonderful sensation he'd ever felt. And blood between her legs, where he had been. My fault. He remembered the beautiful angel who had been waiting for him, her radiant smile earlier that day, the sweet expression she wore as she watched Remus and Tonks at the dinner table. Broken.
Because of me.










Chapter 13





Chapter Text
She was surrounded on all sides by a field of flowers that stretched past the horizons, as if the entire world was made of this material. In a full circle she could see the ends of the Earth as she danced upon the sacred ground. The cold, wet dirt felt wonderful beneath her bare feet and the stems of the flowers tickled the skin of her bare legs. A long, white nightgown caressed her body with the touch of a lover as she twirled beneath a cloudless sky.Suddenly, the Earth began to rumble and shake, knocking her to the ground. And the cold soil around her began to shift as a deep crag opened up beneath her. She should have fallen, but somehow she was standing to the side of the bottomless pit. Horrified, she stared down into the depths, mesmerized by the terror of this atrocity. Out of the darkness sprang the head of a giant snake and she screamed as it attempted to devour her. Turning to run, she found that she was unable to move her leaden legs, and in an instant, she had been consumed.And she was falling. Falling, down through the snake, to the deepest pit of Hell. And she landed hard against the cold, dry rocks of the Underworld. The darkness surrounded her as completely as the field of flowers had, and she had nowhere to run. Just then, a figure stepped from the shadow; a figure draped entirely in black. And she knew that he was Hades, come to make her his own. And he was more terrifying than the snake. Leaning down, he captured her wrist and dragged her into a reluctant embrace. Tight against his overwhelming frame, Hermione looked up into the eyes of her captor. Straight into the bottomless depths of inky black eyes. Severus Snape.Screaming, Hermione bolted up in the bed, sweating profusely from the vivid nightmare. And even as she escaped from the horrors of Hades, she found herself in a tiny potions lab, and reality began to crash down on top of her. It was worse than Hades. Curling up into a ball, she wept into the pillow, and tried to go back to sleep.Severus had been holed up in his room all day, avoiding her. He had skipped breakfast and lunch just because he didn't want to see her. He couldn't see her. He didn't know what to say to her. Fuck! I should never have given her so much power over me!But now he was rather hungry, and extremely bored. I should have foreseen this when I allowed her to sleep in my lab. So, taking in a fortifying breath, he slipped from his self-imposed prison and headed quickly down the stairs to the basement kitchen. In his flight, he very nearly tripped over a giant, orange furball of a cat that he did not recognize. Cursing, he tried to pass the cat, who insisted on remaining in his path. But the orange beast had other plans, and moved under his foot as he was about to step down. Severus was forced to grab onto the railing to keep from crushing the pest and breaking his own neck in the process."Stupid animal!" he hissed. But the cat paid him no heed. Instead, it went to stand in front of a door, clearly begging entrance. And Severus saw that it was her door. "Is that what you want?" he asked the orange menace. The cat mewed an insistent response and Severus reached for the doorknob. Inexplicably, his heart began to pound rather painfully in his chest, and he hesitated. But the glaring eyes of the ginger cat challenged him to continue. Cracking the door just wide enough for the feline furball, Severus waited for the thing to enter before closing the door once more. For a moment, he just stood there, reliving memories of the night before, and cringing at his own behavior. She will never forgive me.Hermione's day passed in a blur of restlessness, in and out of sleep. Dreams plagued her mind; nonsense dreams involving her friends; anxious dreams involving her enemies. But they all seemed to twist into bits and pieces that no longer fit together as her consciousness only knew the ache in her body and the sweat coating her skin. Had she cared at all about anything, she would have wanted a bath.Each time that she woke, she pushed away that connection to the real world, forcing herself back into slumber. At least there, the terrors were imagined, and she did not have to deal with them. She had never felt more useless. After all, what they had done the night before was really only necessary because she hadn't died. And yet, what good was she to the world now, if all she was good for was… that. Everything had been taken from her now. She was worthless. With that in mind, she no longer saw any benefit to being awake, so she merely remained asleep.At some point, the fluffy warmth of her familiar appeared by her side. And she held him to her. She did not know how Crooks had gotten into the room, and she did not care. He was here now. And his comfort was much appreciated.It was not enough to draw her from the bed, however. She stayed there, allowing herself to fall apart into the realm of dreams and soaking the bedclothes with tears and with sweat. It was her hunger that finally forced her body awake, but she refused to cave to such base inclinations. Eating meant returning to her life. Eating meant dealing with happy people, which she just couldn't do right now. But most of all, eating meant dealing with him.On the second day, Severus braved the possibility of running into Granger and went down to breakfast. It was, however, a huge relief to find that she wasn't there. He sat down to a plate of Molly's cooking only long enough to eat, but it was long enough to worry him. When Granger did not appear, Molly asked the group at large if anyone had seen her, to which they all answered that they hadn't. In fact, upon reflection, none of them could remember seeing her the day before, either. Severus curtailed the rising guilt inside of him, telling himself that she was just being melodramatic. These were the sorts of stunts that teenage girls pulled all the time. And anyway, there was nothing he could do about it.But over the course of the day, Severus remained out in the house, waiting for a glimpse of the girl. Just to assure himself that she was alright. But she never came. He even brought the book he was reading into the Entrance Hall and paced in front of the stairs, in order to watch her door. But she did not leave the little room. Long past lunchtime, Severus could bare the anxiety no more. Hiding his concern behind a sneer of impatience, he sought out the young Miss Weasley.She was curled up on a couch in the study, watching her brother destroy Potter in a game of chess. "Miss Weasley," he growled in his most dangerous tone, "A word." Then he swept from the room, waiting impatiently in the hall beyond for the girl to follow after him. She complied readily, but he noticed the paleness of her complexion and the wideness of her eyes; telltale signs of the dread with which Severus was very familiar. "Your friend," he seethed, "has taken to moping in my potions lab. It's rather inconvenient for me, as I have brewing to accomplish." And it was true. Work had to be done on the Wolfsbane tonight or the batch would be ruined this month. "See to it that she is reinstalled in her own bedroom."He saw the girl's worried expression as she nodded distractedly. "Where is your potions lab, Professor?" Severus hesitated before leading her to the very door he had been watching for the entire day."I don't have time for teenage dramatics. I'm supposed to be on holiday," he growled before sweeping back down the stairs. He could not be present for this, he knew. And yet, he found himself waiting, watching as the young redhead knocked on the door, then slowly opened it and slipped inside. Once again, Severus found himself staring at the closed door for a painful length of time. Worrying."Hermione?" came a soft voice. Hermione groaned. It was the voice of reality, come to force her out of hiding. The mattress dipped behind her and the soft pressure of a hand came to rest on her upper arm. "Hermione, are you alright?" she breathed. Hermione did not answer. She was busy focusing all of her attention on remaining at least partway asleep. "Hermione, we're really worried about you. Do you want to talk about it?" At that, all delusions of unconsciousness fled and she found herself weeping into the pillows. Even if she wanted to talk about it, she was physically incapable of doing so. Snape had seen to that. "Hermione, please. This isn't healthy. Come back and stay in the room with me. You don't need to be alone right now." She pulled the blanket over her head to emphasize that that was all she wanted. To be alone. "Come on, Hermione. You'll see. It'll be much better up there with me. And besides, I think Snape wants his lab back." An anger she had not realized lay dormant inside of her suddenly burst with a painful throb."Well he can go bugger himself!" she shouted before turning her face into the pillows. The other girl was clearly taken aback, but she persisted bravely."Hermione, what's gotten into you? You've never disrespected a teacher before!" Hermione was silent. There was nothing she could say. Although, she really wanted to retort that that particular disrespectful teacher was exactly what had gotten into her. "Come on, don't make me call for reinforcements." Hermione stiffened. The last thing she needed was for everyone in the whole damn house to know what was going on. Groaning into the pillow, she finally relented.Her legs were wobbly and weak when she stood up and sweat was drenching the nearly transparent nightgown, but she didn't care. She couldn't feel any emotion. Because if she felt even the tiniest bit, she would have to feel it all.Finally, the door opened and Severus hid himself from view. But he caught a glimpse of her weakened frame beneath the sheer material of that damnable nightgown; the one she wore when she came to him in dreams as an angel of redemption. Severus pressed his forehead against the doorframe. I am to blame.Hermione stepped out of the steaming shower feeling remarkably better. Her head still pounded with a heavy ache and she felt weak everywhere, but she was awake. And awake wasn't as bad as she had expected it to be. Ginny had forced her into the shower on their way up the stairs, handing her a change of clothes through the door. It was not lost on the older witch that her friend had chosen the happiest colors packed in her small suitcase.As Hermione brushed her teeth, another load seemed to lift from her shoulders. It was as if every little ritual brought back a bit of her humanity, and washed away more of him. When she finally emerged from the bathroom, clad in a light orange t-shirt and jean shorts, she felt loads better. Ginny was waiting for her in their bedroom with a cup of tea and a steaming plate of food. At first, the older girl didn't have much appetite for the offerings. But Ginny was insistent, and she ended up gobbling down everything on the plate."I brought your books up for you," Ginny said. Hermione cringed. She had been avoiding those books. The Mythology text reminded her too much of her horrible dreams, while Snape's Incantation book reminded her too much of her horrible professor. Ginny seemed to catch her reluctance to accept them and was understandably suspicious. "I don't think I've ever seen you less excited about a book," she teased. "What if I go get you something new to read?" Hermione sighed."It doesn't matter, Ginny. These are fine." She actually had no intentions of reading these books at the moment, but the other girl's kindness was beginning to wear her down. If she wasn't careful, she'd want the girl to comfort her as well. But Ginny returned later with a stack of books for her friend to choose from, and Hermione felt the threat of fresh tears behind her eyes. No. You cannot give in. If you give in, you will be lost again. Instead, Hermione thanked her friend and decided to immerse herself once again in the written word."I didn't know what you'd want to read, so I just picked some random ones. It was hard enough finding anything that didn't deal with the dark arts." Ginny laughed, but Hermione only felt a painful clenching in her heart. At the moment, it seemed as if everything reminded her of him.All she had wanted was his approval…Turning her eyes to the stack of books, Hermione tried to focus on the titles. A couple of them were books she had already read and several were works of fiction, but the few that remained looked promising enough. Amidst the titles of interest, one particular seemed to stand out. Perhaps it was because the tome was red, as opposed to black or blue or green. Perhaps it was the gold filigree of the words along the spine. Or, perhaps it was the title: Alchemy and the Pursuit of the Philosopher's Stone. Seized by the familiar tingle of excitement that new books always inspired within her, Hermione pulled the red book from the pile, and cracked its age-worn spine across her lap."The ultimate goal in Alchemy is to produce the Philosopher's Stone. For centuries, wizards and muggles alike have attempted to create it, but only one has been successful: Nicolas Flemmel. The function of the Philosopher's Stone is threefold: transform base metals into gold, produce the Elixir of Life (AKA Panacea, named for the Greek goddess of Universal Remedy), and create a universal solvent capable of dissolving any compound back to its elemental state. These three goals, seemingly at odds, apply the same concept in three different ways."At the beginning of the world, there was only Prima Materia; a mixture of all of the elements; Chaos." Hermione's stomach did a flip at the appearance of that familiar theme and she sat up straighter in the bed, pouring her concentration into the pages of the book. "The fundamental goal of Alchemy is purification; the antithesis of chaos. The purest metal is gold. The purest form of being is immortal. And the purest form of any element is found when it is separated out of a mixture." The text began to describe the basic elements and the Seven Classical Metals, but Hermione was only interested in the Philosopher's Stone. Flipping to the chapter on the theory behind creating it, she buried her nose once again in the text."An attempt to create the Philosopher's Stone is known as a Magnum Opus (Great Work). The four stages are referred to in terms of color. The first stage, Nigredo (black) is putrefaction or decomposition, a darkening of the matter before it can be purified; spiritual death. This is often identified as Chaos and associated with Prima Materia and water. Noted Alchemist Paracelsus believed that 'The light of the soul, by the will of the Triune God, made all earthly things appear from the primal Chaos.'"Hermione recognized Paracelsus as being the name of a bust placed near Gryffindor Tower at Hogwarts. So, the light of the soul is the antithesis of Chaos? Or the light of the soul is the Philosopher's Stone?"Muggle Psychologists have adopted the term 'Nigredo' to describe the confrontation of the darkness in one's soul. The second stage of the Magnum Opus is Albedo (white) by which the elements are purified; the impurities washed away. This step refers to the redemption of the soul's untainted and receptive original state."Hermione stared down at the words on the page for a long minute. This was what she wanted more than anything else in the world; to be pure again."The third step is known as Citrinitas (yellow). This is the transmutation into gold of the elemental silver. As silver and the moon are reflective of the soul, gold is the dawning of Solar Light from within."The final stage of the Magnum Opus has only been successfully achieved once. It is known as Rubedo (Red) and is the psychological equivalent of Self-Actualization by which one has attained Wholeness within himself."Hermione leaned her head back against the wall behind her, deep in thought. So, Chaos is the opposite of Purity. She pinched the bridge of her nose in concentration. And the matter must be blackened before it can be purified? Hermione considered this. Against her better judgment, she felt a little bubble of hope that she could apply this concept to herself. Turning back to the yellowed pages, Hermione decided to return to the beginning and read the book all the way through.Hours later, Hermione set the book aside, sighing deeply. If nothing else, in the face of these deep thoughts, her own personal problems seemed so tiny. She had been foolish, she realized. There was a war going on. People were dying. People were being born. Life was happening. And she was sulking because her snarky professor hadn't cuddled with her after taking her virginity to ensure her continued survival. It was with this in mind, when dinner came around, that Hermione decided to leave the safe confines of her bedroom and face the fears that awaited her beyond.









Chapter 14





Chapter Text
Professor Snape never came down to dinner, and Hermione wasn't sure if she was relieved or disappointed. She had built up the moment when she would see him again so much that it seemed a letdown not to get it over with now. And yet, it would not be an easy meeting, so perhaps she should be glad. The chatter and happy atmosphere around Hermione did not penetrate her pensive mood. Nor did the topic of conversation break through the barrier of her contemplative mind. In her head, she planned out exactly what she would say when she saw her professor. After all, she had overreacted dramatically. She wanted to blame the emotions involved in losing one's virginity, but knew it was more than that. She had always sought the professor's approval. Her mistake was in thinking that having sex with him would bring about that impossible result. And so, she steeled herself for the moment she saw him.But he never came.Bit by bit everyone left the crowded kitchen until it was only her. And she found herself hoping, despite herself, that her professor was alright. I'm truly twisted, she thought. How wrong was it that she couldn't hate him after what he'd done? She should; of that she was certain. And yet, she just didn't.Finally, Hermione gave up on the dark professor and headed up the winding staircase to the ground level. It was in this dazed concentration that she ascended the stairs, so she did not immediately see him standing before her. Two steps away, she recognized that someone was there and moved to the side to let them pass. When they did not move, Hermione looked up, stirring out of her daze to meet the dark stare of Severus Snape. She was sure her gasp of shock and expression of horror were not lost on the Slytherin, but he himself showed no reaction to finding her here.As she gazed into those deep, black eyes, Hermione was reminded of the last time she had stared into their inky depths. A heat blossomed on her cheeks and a strange knot formed in her stomach. And she couldn't say what she had planned to say to him. How hard could it be to tell him that she had overreacted and not to think her a silly, little fool? And yet, seeing him now brought back all of those irrational emotions; those feelings of betrayal. It was just business, she told herself. But now she knew that wasn't true. On her end, it had most certainly notbeen just business. It had been her innocence; her first time; her body; her trust; her soul."Ah, Severus," came the voice of Albus Dumbledore from behind her Potions Master, "Good." The two seemed to shake off the tension in the air as the old man materialized and began to push past them. "I had hoped to speak with you both before I left." Trapped, Hermione had no choice but to follow the Headmaster back down to the kitchen.Bloody brilliant timing Albus, Severus thought as he followed the girl down the stairs to the kitchen. The moment he had seen her headed toward him, his heart had clenched painfully with the guilt that haunted his waking hours. A million different things to tell her came to mind at once, but he could not voice any of them. And yet, just as he thought that he might know what to say, Albus had broken the scene and ruined everything. Of course.Severus watched as the girl slid into a chair at the table, but he himself decided to stand against the wall. On this front, he knew they were in agreement; the Headmaster was an ill-timed annoyance."Miss Granger," the old bastard began, "It has come to my attention that you have been feeling unwell over the past couple of days." Severus felt anger welling up inside of him at the sight of the girl's stricken expression. "I was wondering if there was something I ought to know about?" Granger was clearly at a loss for words and Severus felt his own rage boiling over."Such as what, Albus?" he cut in angrily. The girl's tiny sigh of relief was not lost on him. The blues eyes of the old man met his in a determined stare."Such as anything that might have an influence on future events," he said vaguely, pointedly. "Severus, I do not need to reiterate to you the importance of the connection you now share." Ah, so he was finally worried about that prophecy. Bloody brilliant timing."Then I can assure you, Albus, that I will advise you when anything of import does occur." He expected Granger to flinch at this, but she showed no reaction."Alright, Severus, you've made your point. However, it does concern me to hear that your Occlumency lessons have been put on hold. I thought you understood how very important those lessons are." Severus did not respond. They had not continued with the lessons since Granger's abduction because he had wanted to give her a chance to recover first. True, he could have been practicing with the other children, but he hadn't. In that, he actually was guilty."Of course, Albus. We will resume them post haste," he replied drily, biting back the sarcasm that longed to unfurl from his tongue."Good," the Headmaster responded cheerfully, ignoring his angry expression. "See that you do." With that, Albus swept from the room with only a nod in Miss Granger's direction. And suddenly they were all alone. For one heavy moment, they were frozen and tense, as if bracing for impact. Neither said a word. Severus wanted to apologize to her somehow, but he couldn't find a way. The words all choked up in his throat and he couldn't force them past his twisted tongue. He had never been good with apologies. Finally, Granger stood and moved around the table, making for the exit. He had to act now."Wait," he told her and she immediately froze. Then, as she turned her face to his, he saw the anger in her eyes and he knew his mistake. Cursing under his breath, Severus began again, "You don't have to wait." But she turned her body to him, expectantly, and folded her arms across her chest. He didn't know where to begin, or what to apologize for. He only knew that he had hurt her and he wanted to redeem himself. Letting out a shuddering sigh, he tried again. "I don't know what you expected the other night," he began, then cringed as he realized that he was using defensive technique. "That is, you may not have known what to expect, but the truth is, I didn't know what to do." Some of the anger seemed to fade from the girl's face at this admission, so he should have felt relieved. Instead, he felt uncomfortable and vulnerable. This was unfamiliar territory to him, and he didn't like it."It's alright, Professor," she began sweetly. The sincerity of her response made him want to throttle her. How could this be so easy for her and so difficult for him? It made him feel like such a fool. "You meant no harm." How could she talk about him that way? How could she presume to know what he meant? He had fucked her. Hard. Her first time. He had thoroughly enjoyed himself, and then left her there without a word afterwards. And why? Because he couldn't handle making himself vulnerable to a woman who had just spread her legs and bled into the sheets for him. How could she say that he meant no harm?Hermione could see the quarreling emotions in the depths of her professor's dark eyes. The anger and self-loathing was so intense as to render it practically unfathomable. And when he turned back to her, she knew that he wanted her to fear him. "Do not presume to know me, Miss Granger," he growled. "I am not the innocent you seem to think I am. Unlike Black and Lupin and your little friends, I have seen and done unspeakably horrible things in my life. Do not forget it, Miss Granger."His words did not surprise her. She had known as much before. But they did seem to make real that distant knowledge that he was a Death Eater. All at once, her mind seemed to comprehend that fact with painful clarity. And she would be lying if she said that she was not afraid.And yet, beneath that current of fear, there lay another feeling far more powerful. And her heart only ached with compassion for this desolate man. And it gave her strength; a strength she knew she needed in order to face this fear of hers. And as he seethed, pouring his contempt into his stare, using all of his tricks to intimidate her, she met his gaze. Slowly, she allowed a tiny smile to touch her lips in sympathy. "I know," she said softly, communicating with her eyes that it didn't matter to her. Because she understood, as most others could not, that Nigredo came before Albedo, and even the blackest soul could be redeemed if the impurities were washed away.It was a familiar scene. The most dreaded of nightmares. A thousand times revisited, and still so acutely painful. The pattern of the stone floor beneath him was forever embedded in his memory. The dark, unforgiving length of the corridor stretching out to either side. And before him a painting. Sneering down at him. And he with no password."I'm sorry!" he cried for the millionth time to the vacuum of space around him. The sound of his words was lost to the darkness of the hall. "I'm sorry!" he cried again, his desperation overwhelming all other thoughts. "Please! Forgive me!" But the words would go unanswered as they always did. And he sank to the floor. The familiar, unmoving stone. And its coldness seeped into his flesh. And its hardness seemed to push him away. And he wept hot tears against the cold, dry stone and whispered into the abyss. "I didn't mean to…"But this time, the Portrait swung open. And his desperate eyes watched a pair of bare feet as they made their way toward him. And his gaze travelled up the familiar white of an almost-transparent nightgown. She was glowing faintly as she offered him her hand. And as he stood, Hermione smiled up at him. And the cold, unmoving stone was swept from his feet as she whispered to him, "I know."Hermione stretched out on the couch behind Ron, studying her Alchemy text. The boys were once again involved in a game of Wizard's Chess. How they never got sick of the game when Harry didn't have a chance against Ron was beyond her. Surely it must get boring battling someone so far beneath you?It was good to be back with her friends, reading a good book while Ginny rubbed Harry's shoulders and Ron focused on the game. The name 'Paracelsus' caught her eye again. Apparently he had had a large impact on Alchemy and the future of Muggle Medicine. One of his contributions was to name the "Three Primes.""The Tria Prima (or Three Primes) are Salt, Sulfur, and Mercury; wherein Salt is recognized as Base Matter, Sulfur represents the Omnipresent Spirit of Life, and Mercury is the fluid connection between the two."The book went on to describe the four elements of Earth, Water, Air, and Fire as being essential to Alchemical processes."Air (masculine) is a hot, wet element that represents the Mind. Fire (masculine) is hot and dry and represents the Spirit or Passion. Water (feminine), a cold and wet element, represents Emotion and Intuition. And Earth (feminine) is a cold, dry element which represents the Physical." Hermione had to stop and think about that, wondering which element she would be. She supposed Air was the obvious choice, but she saw bits of all of the others inside of herself as well. And what of her friends? Well, Ron was certainly Earth. Ginny was Fire. Harry could be Fire, or he could be Water. And what about Snape? Hermione brushed that thought aside, returning desperately to her reading."The Seven Classical Metals correspond to the Seven Visible Planets. The Sun rules Gold (Pure Spirit). The Moon rules Silver (Pure Mind). Mercury rules Quicksilver (AKA Mercury—Mind over Spirit over Physical). Venus rules Copper (Spirit over Physical). Mars rules Iron (Physical over Spirit)."Hermione snorted. Sounds about right. She stopped the think about the implications of that. The Sun was gold and fire and spirit. The Moon was silver and Mind? Did that make it air? And the moon played a part in the Philosopher's Stone too, she recalled, in the Albedo stage. Lunar light; the reflection of the soul. Interesting. She had heard the Moon described as a Cosmic Mirror. And silver was used in the making of mirrors, after all."Jupiter controls Tin (Mind controlling Material). And Saturn controls Lead (Material controlling Mind)." Hermione resisted the urge to reach for her Mythology book. It was insane the way everything seemed to connect. The more she read, the more that seemed to be true.Severus stepped inside the little study to face this dreaded meeting with all apparent ease. Seeing Potter was far too painful after the dream he had had the night before. All of those emotions were still battling inside of him. For the first time in a very long time, he felt vulnerable. Somehow that insufferable chit had managed to embed herself deep in his life. She was important to him. And that was distinctly bad. As much as he tried to distance himself from the girl and tell himself that he didn't need what she seemed to offer him, he couldn't deny that he wanted her.And there she was, nose in a book, as always. He felt a stab of anger toward this girl who held such power over him. How predictable that she would be reading. Yes, the girl was predictable and by-the-book. She was a mere formula of a person with rules and guidelines like some kind of machine. So then, why does she always throw you so off guard? Severus bit back a groan of frustration with himself, thinking back to that dream. Fuck. He did need her."Granger," he growled in his most commanding tone, "I hate to break up what I am sure would have been a thrilling chess match, but I believe we had plans to resume Occlumency lessons today." Severus relished the sight of four faces blanching at once. Then, the other three scampered out of the room, chessboard in tow, and he was alone, once again, with her."Have you practiced your meditations?" He asked as he closed the door behind her little friends. Once again, he had the satisfaction of watching her face pale."No, sir," she began, but he cut her off before she could make excuses. They both knew why she hadn't been practicing."There will always be reasons not to practice, Granger. You must make meditation a priority if you are ever to be a successful Occlumens.""Yes, sir," she answered in resignation. He sneered down at her and began to pace."Now, then, Miss Granger. Our… connection… provides a bit of a challenge. I cannot order you to show me something because you will be compelled to obey. However, I have devised a method of practice which I hope will prove most beneficial. It is often the case that the Legilimens does not know what to look for in his subject's mind. He will look for clues that suggest that a particular thread of thought is forbidden and he will follow it. Your job as an Occlumens is to distract the Legilimens with other topics that he might find interesting. Do you understand?" Granger nodded enthusiastically. "Very well. Prepare yourself." He watched as the girl's eyes grew wide. Prepare yourself indeed. "Legilimens!"He was once again enveloped in Hermione Granger's consciousness. Only, the general feel was somewhat darker and more negative than it had been before. He suppressed a twinge of remorse at that realization. After all, most of the trauma she had experienced since their last lesson had been at the hand of Bellatrix Lestrange. Probing her thoughts, he realized that there were a good many strands that she did not want him to follow. Many of them, he knew, he would not want to follow. This was going to be more difficult than he had anticipated.It was painfully obvious that she was trying to show him more thoughts of Hades, but he refused to take the bait. Instead, latching onto one of the less prominent strands of thought, he found himself immersed in her memories of himself throughout her schooling. Visions of Potter and Weasley referring to him in every disrespectful way he could imagine flew past his curious eyes. He could feel her panicking, searching for something to distract him with. But he continued uninterrupted. There she was stealing ingredients for a Polyjuice potion in her second year. And then she latched onto a memory that she must have known would tempt him from his track. He saw the image of himself exposing his Dark Mark for the Minister's disbelieving eyes the night the dark lord returned. He watched Albus send himself off to meet his other master, knowing that he would be tortured mercilessly for his tardiness. Then, he watched as Granger trapped a beetle on the windowsill and a feeling of immense triumph overwhelmed his senses. He withdrew.Granger fell back against the couch and they were silent for a moment before he finally spoke. "Granger, you need to learn subtlety. No one is going to be tempted by something you are forcing up under their nose. You must convince them that the false memory is the one you don't want them to see." Then he looked over at her. "A beetle, Granger? What the hell was that?" Her answering grin alerted him to a bigger story behind the one he'd been shown."Rita Skeeter," she answered proudly. "She's an unregistered animagus. I held her hostage in that jar for weeks before I freed her. And even then, I blackmailed her not to write anything I didn't approve." Severus was silent a moment, allowing the implications of that to sink in. If the girl hadn't caught that rotten woman, who knows what could have happened to him?"That's… rather Slytherin of you, Granger," he teased, rather than letting her see the appreciation she was due for this feat. "Alright, let's try again," he continued without missing a beat. "Legilimens!" The girl was so taken off guard that she allowed him to see the train of thought that she least wanted him to notice. Under the circumstances, he wasn't planning to tap into her deepest, darkest secrets. But the shadowed visage of one Sirius Black tempted him past his self-control. Granger desperately tried to show him thoughts about Potter and even himself, but he would not be distracted. He had to know.The memory of Black's face so close to hers was coupled with feelings of anxiety and discomfort, but the image was quickly replaced with a comparable one showing his own sated expression as his forehead similarly pressed against hers. This memory, surprisingly, held a softer sentiment. He could not pinpoint what it was, but it made him uncomfortable, and before he could decipher her feelings, another memory bloomed into view. This one, he could tell, she was most afraid of him finding.
A warm hand upon her own. Sitting on her bed with Weasley. They met each other's eyes and he could feel the comfort and happiness bursting within her. Then, suddenly, Weasley's lips were on hers and she welcomed it. Something felt so right. He pressed hard against her mouth and they both fell back against the soft mattress. Then, he was practically on top of her, pressing his face eagerly against her own. His hands roaming her body…
Severus withdrew forcefully from the memory. Something inside of him seemed to be breaking apart. It was a familiar sensation. Betrayal. This is what she had been hiding from him. This is exactly why he should have distanced himself from her. Too late. He was vulnerable now; susceptible. Had he learned nothing the first time? And then anger began to fill him with a rapid vengeance. Before the girl could say a word, Severus silenced her with a simple command "Don't." Her mouth snapped shut. That pretty mouth. Those teasing lips. Lips that had quirked upward as he came inside of her. A smile that had comforted him in his dreams. That foul, betraying, untouchable mouth! "Your emotional ties to that boy do not concern me," he seethed, but the heady magical energy filling the room—swirling—expanding—belied that sentiment. "Care for whomever you will," he bit out, "But you belong to me." His voice was low; dangerous. "Have you not considered the danger? Can you not imagine what would happen if rumors got back to the dark lord that you were consorting with him!?" And then his breath caught. Perhaps she had realized it. Perhaps that was the true reason for her recent despair. She was giving up her lover. Something was cracking. Something was bursting. Something was burning. And that sad little smile at the door to the kitchen… what of that? Acceptance. Not of him, but of her fate.Tears were pouring down the girl's face as she struggled against the curse. The result of yet another painful memory he had forced her to relive. And then, suddenly, his arm lit up with fire and he sucked a breath in pain. "Fuck!" Granger was motionless and wide-eyed on the couch before him. "I am being called." He watched the horror dawn in her cinnamon eyes. Not an unfamiliar picture, he reflected bitterly. "You may speak, Granger. Be prepared. I have no way of knowing what is planned for tonight, but it is possible that you will be called. If you are, you must only obey commands that I give you when I am sneering. Do not allow anyone to see anything incriminating in your mind. Do you understand?""Yes," the girl said softly. Terror was draining her face of color and she already looked weak enough to faint."Please," he implored her before sweeping out the door to return to the dark lord's side, "be strong."And with that, he was gone.









Chapter 15





Chapter Text
As Severus landed at the imposing gates of Malfoy Manor, all of his wrestling emotions were immediately quelled. He could not afford to think of that. Not while he was here. As he headed down the familiar path toward the mansion, the eerie melody of Tchaikovsky's Swan Lake wafted toward him on the light summer breeze, sending a shiver down his spine. Lucius always did have strange aesthetic tastes. He suppressed a sigh of resignation. Tonight would not be easy, but it would be necessary.The ballroom of Malfoy Manor was decorated as if for a spectacular feast. A long table along one wall was covered in platters of varied meats and delicacies. Couches, cushions, divans, and other assorted furniture were placed strategically about the room. Strange and ornate mirrors covered the walls on all sides and the hall was lit entirely by low-lying candles. Hecertainly has a flair for the dramatic.Exotic dancers—muggles snatched from faraway lands, no doubt—danced on silver poles that stretched from floor to ceiling in a rough circle around the room. Many of the other Death Eaters were currently drooling over the girls, waiting for them to be released from the cylinder of protection surrounding them. The sight never ceased to twist his stomach with the vile recognition that they would soon be dead. Looking away from their twisting and contorting bodies he noticed that everything in the room was positioned around an unassuming black altar. With that realization came no small amount of foreboding."Severusss," came the greeting of their serpentine leader as he made his way through the chaos to the dark lord's throne. Kneeling before his master, Severus thought only of his distaste for Lucius's extravagant affairs."My Lord," he began, "You summoned me?" The revels were not mandatory, but most of his brothers looked forward to the gratuitous filth of Lucius's parties. He was under no delusions about the nature of his summons here. It was not a mere request."Severuss," the dark lord hissed in response, "Your brothers are hoping that you will summon your little prize."Severus's eyes swept over the gathered Death Eaters in obvious distaste. "I'd prefer to keep her to myself." The answering sneer of understanding was a good sign. The dark lord understood a possessive and controlling nature. And neither of them ever participated in the public sex torture that the other Death Eaters frequently enjoyed."Severuss, were you never taught to share your toys?""I was an only child." Lord Voldemort cackled at that."But now you have brothers and sisters. And they want a turn. Perhaps you could agree to a compromise?""Such as?""She belongs to you. They need not touch her. But let them watch." Severus bowed his head in contemplation. She would be saved that horror, but it was a nearer thing than he had expected it to be. Finally, he returned his gaze to his unyielding master. With a look of hesitance, he inclined his head in a short nod.Voldemort stood from his throne and everyone's attention immediately focused on him. Years of torture training had taught them to always keep an eye on their merciless leader. "Tonight, we will have a little treat," he began. Excitement rippled through the hall, and Severus was sure that they already knew. "Your brother, Severus, has decided to join in the… festivitiesss… for once. And he has a special guest."Knowing that she could be called at any time, Hermione paced the small study, panicking, wondering what the hell she was supposed to do. They should have talked more about this. He should have explained. And now, she might be catapulted into enemy territory at a split-second notice at any point while he was away. And they weren't even sure if their defenses would work, yet! She didn't have to wait long, however. A short while after her dark professor swept from the room, she felt the familiar tug of apparition. The effect of that tug, without any sense of control, coupled with her nerves and the immediate jolt of terror at being suddenly zapped into the middle of a den of chaos was enough to bring her to her knees before the Potions Master, retching. Then the bottom of his dragon-hide boot came to rest against her side before shoving her over.The cold, hard stone of the floor was familiar. I've been here before. This was the room where Bellatrix had tortured her. She didn't have time to reflect on that, however, as she became aware of her surroundings. Death Eaters. Everywhere. All of them watching her. And the darkness of the room. And the stench of wine. And girls like her, naked, dancing on silver poles as eerie orchestra music resonated throughout. And all of it, the horror and the chaos and the filth was reflected from every angle in the mirrors that covered the walls. Nothing could have prepared her for this. And then she saw it, a stone altar directly behind her professor, in the center of the room.Severus watched as the girl's eyes widened in terror more acute than he had ever seen her express. And he knew that there would be much more—much worse—to come. She would not be able to handle this if she knew the horror that surrounded her."Look at me!" came the deep, hardened voice of her professor. Her body obeyed before her mind even registered the command. She flinched at his hateful glare and somewhere in the back of her mind she marveled at his acting skills. He sneered, as if he had read the thought in her mind. "Stand up." He commanded. She immediately complied. Oh gods, what are we going to have to do? She realized that she was crying, but her mind was far past tears. This was danger; evil. She had to keep her head. Or else, everything could be lost. "Miss… Granger…" he began slowly, teasing his audience. The cruelty in his tone affected her despite the knowledge that it was an act. "Welcome to Malfoy Manor."Snickering went up all around them, and Severus hated everyone in the hall; everyone except for her. Not only was this torture for the girl, but it was humiliation for himself. He had not participated in the revels since his youth. And all eyes were on them now. It was sick. He only hoped that he could appease the Death Eaters and get her out as soon as possible. It was a crucial balance. "You might recognize it," he continued, lacing his words with every ounce of scorn that he wished to unleash upon his so-called brothers. "I believe you've been here before." The girl's watery eyes did not leave his own and she did not answer.Hermione was not sure what she was expected to say, so she said nothing. Then, suddenly, her professor swooped toward her, reaching into her hair and using it to hold her hostage to his stare. When he spoke, his voice was deceptively low and calm. "Isn't that right… Miss Granger?" he was mocking her and the Death Eaters were thoroughly enjoying it, if their jeering laughs and catcalls were any indication. He gripped her tighter, jerking her head back and causing her to cry out. "Answer me when I ask you a question.""Yes!" she cried. I trust him. He will not hurt me. Mind over matter. Like Mercury. Like Quicksilver. Like those horrible mirrors in every direction!"Yes what, Granger?" he demanded."Yes, sir!" she shouted, tears springing to her eyes from the pain at her scalp. She did not realize that he had been pulling her up onto her tiptoes until he suddenly released her and she stumbled, landing hard against the marble of the floor once more. The fall apparently broke the compulsion to look at him because she was suddenly able to see everything. Those mirrors. Those women. And the men, staring at her, jeering, leering. Many of them were beginning to masturbate."Look at me!" he demanded again. Her eyes tore away from the horrors surrounding them and she tried to pretend that they were alone. He stepped toward her and reached into her hair again, using it to force her to her feet as he spoke, "On your feet, you miserable slut." The darkness in his eyes was hard to reconcile with the softness she had seen there. Be strong, Hermione. He told you to be strong.Severus had not thought much about what he would do if they were ever in this situation. He should have prepared more thoroughly. But she was here now, and he had to do something. He only hoped that this would satisfy his brothers and she would not be forced to return. Turning a twisted sneer on the girl—it would be easier for her if she had no choice—he let his voice drop low; mocking; teasing. "Take off… your clothes." Humiliation and fear spread across her face as she obediently complied, removing her t-shirt and the soft gray shorts she had been wearing inside-out.Stripped to her underwear, Hermione felt no compulsion to continue undressing, so she stopped, looking at her professor; waiting expectantly. "All of your clothes, Granger!" Even as tears rolled helplessly down her cheeks, she reflected that Snape's use of her name made her feel somehow more connected to him. It was as if they were in on some little joke. That she was human, after all. She focused on that thought as she bared herself to him for the first time.It wasn't until she stood naked before him that Severus realized he had never seen her this way. Hadn't the entire purpose of their having sex been to prepare for this inevitable eventuality? Fuck. He did not want to appreciate her body here, in this setting, but an act was expected, and he would need to be aroused. Fuck. She was so beautiful; her small, firm breasts and pert little nipples. The soft swell of her hips from a slim waist. She looked so small, so soft, so… vulnerable.Hermione watched the black eyes of her professor roam over her body appreciatively. She knew it was for show, but couldn't help the stirrings of emotions that it brought on. All she had ever wanted from this man was some sort of approval. And approval was written all over his face. "Come here," he commanded. She was not compelled, but quickly remembered to obey anyway. Stopping directly in front of him, she had to look up to see her professor's face. Then, he removed his robes, tossing them onto the ground. She watched as his hand slid down the row of buttons on his frock coat, magically releasing them from their holds. And he shed that garment as well. Then, he leaned back, ever so slightly against the altar behind him.Instinctively, Severus knew that he would not be allowed to leave until his brothers were satisfied. He knew, too, what that would mean. If he did not tease them into coming, they would demand brutality. For this reason, although he desperately wished against it, he needed to ask more of the girl. "Kneel before me," he growled and the girl hesitantly complied. "Unbutton my trousers."Hermione reached up toward the bulging front of his trousers. Oh bloody hell what am I doing? She was embarrassed by the contact and tried not to touch him there any more than she had to, though she recognized the absurdity of that. The buttons were small and difficult for her to undo, but after a moment of struggle, they all seemed to magically open at her touch. She knew that Snape was helping her and was immensely grateful. Even that tiny gesture made her feel so much more secure and protected. Whatever they did now, he would ensure her safety. And that was what mattered. She trusted him.Snape reached past the row of buttons and withdrew his eager erection. Right in front of her face. She hadn't exactly seen it last time, so this came as a bit of a shock, which she tried to play off by glancing around the room. To her horror, the dancing girls were no longer twisting around their poles. Rather, they were scattered about the room, engaged in various grotesque activities with the other Death Eaters. Through the smoky haze of the candlelit room, she could see their gyrating bodies, but she could not hear. She had no doubt that it was her professor's doing. "Look at me," he intoned, once again. Remarkably, Hermione felt some of the pressure lift with the knowledge that other women were being likewise exploited. But she quelled that thought as a pang of guilt throbbed within her. How could I wish that on anyone?"Take me in your mouth," he commanded. She was not compelled, but she obeyed. A sudden flashback to an old dream sent a shock of self-loathing through his heart. He wanted her to do this to him of her own accord. He wanted her to want this. But she never would. Another man might have taken that as his excuse to enjoy it while he could, but for Severus, it left a bitter taste in his mouth. He didn't want her this way.Hermione was hot with humiliation as she wrapped her lips around his solid length. It was so intimate; so personal. It felt somehow as if she were trespassing on him. The salty, musky taste was intriguing. That was something she had never considered. She rubbed her tongue across the tip, surprised by its softness. Her professor moaned deep in his throat and she felt a heat beginning to grow within her. Then his hand was in her hair and he used it to hold her still. And he began to move against her. At first this blatant expression of desire made her stomach flip in excitement. But then he was hurting her and for an instant she was angry that he had taken that moment away. But then she remembered herself and where she was and resigned herself to crying as he violated her.Severus withdrew from Hermione's mouth throbbing. It sickened him to no end that his body could enjoy something that his mind was opposed to. And this was not the worst she would endure tonight. Luckily, they were no longer the only spectacle on display. "Stand up," he told her. And when she did, he turned and lifted her up onto the altar, pushing her back against it. He magically bound her hands to the black stone above her head and then moved to stand between her legs.The stone was cold against her back and all around her she could see the enthusiasm of those in the crowd who continued to watch. It sickened her. Then her professor positioned himself between her thighs, bending slightly toward her, his hair falling down to shield his face on either side. And she caught his eye. And for a moment, when it was certain that only she could see, that cold black softened. And she saw his remorse an instant before he thrust inside of her. She cried out instinctually, but what little pain there was quickly eased. And as he thrust inside of her, it did not feel as it had felt before. But he was still rough, and she was still afraid.Severus thrust urgently against her. It was more for show than for himself. He wanted her willing. So, as he reached up to grip her hair and bite her neck and squeeze her breast, it was only a part of the act.Amidst the chaos of the crowded room, Hermione found a kernel of hope. He cares, she couldn't help but think. She had seen it. And slowly the wheels seemed to click into place. That was why he was so upset about Ron. He may have passed it off as possessiveness, but that was a lie. It was jealousy. And that realization as her professor pressed hungrily against her naked body caused a knot of bitter sadness to form in her throat.He could feel himself reaching climax, but the girl's unnerving stare was making it difficult. He only wanted to be done with it. So he leaned down to her, pressing his chest against hers and nestling his face against her shoulder.She could feel his hot breath on her neck as he panted against her and the way they were positioned seemed almost like an embrace. For one moment, she allowed herself to believe that he was indeed embracing her. And tears streamed from her eyes. It was all so wrong—so unfair—that this was how things had to be.Severus was close. Ignoring the guilt, he focused on that distant ball of fire, urging it to surface. And as he felt it rise up inside of him, it brought a new surge of self-loathing with it. "Forgive me," he whispered into her hair and he burst inside of her, pressing into her body as each wave of ecstasy washed over him. And he could feel the tears rolling down her cheek.Her limbs were trembling and she bit back a sob as she felt his seed spilling inside of her. And in that moment, as they lay together, before he pulled away, her eyes turned heavenward and she saw the painted ceiling she had seen once before, but never really noticed. And there, surrounded by several other figures all reaching for her, in the very center of the dimly lit ceiling, directly over her broken body was a beautiful angel bearing a torch of fire. Save us, she prayed. Before she could even register the absurdity of seeing an angel on the Malfoy's ceiling, her professor had pulled away from her and was re-buttoning his trousers.Severus gazed down upon the pale body of Hermione Granger. Against the dark stone of the altar, she seemed to glow faintly. But then reality hit with a jolt like lightning and he had to be a Death Eater again. Unbinding her hands from the stone, he pulled her to her feet only to push her to the floor. Leaving her there—Severus was certain no one would be fast enough to touch her before catching a nasty hex from him—he made his way toward the dark lord's throne.Hermione hit the cold stone hard and looked back to see the retreating form of her professor. Panic shot through her to be left alone by the altar and her eyes darted around her to assess the danger. Horror took hold of her such as she had never known. All around, though muted by whatever spell Snape had cast, the other women were being tortured in savage and unusual ways. There was blood. And now she saw it she could smell it. And everywhere she looked, more horrible images filled her eyes. And the thousand mirrors along the walls refracted and distorted the evil around them like a kaleidoscope of terror. It was chaos. And her eyes fell upon the unseeing eyes of a girl about her age; her body deserted in the midst of the debauchery. And Hermione began to retch."My lord," Severus began respectfully as he kneeled before the throne, "I have done as you commanded." The dark lord considered him with a cruel smirk."Indeed you have, Severusss," he replied simply."If you have no further business with me, I have no further business here." The dark lord quirked a lip at his faithful servant."You have satissfied your brotherss. You have my permission to leave." Severus bowed low."Thank you, my lord." With that, Severus retrieved the still-naked Granger and swept from the hall.He apparated, not to Grimmauld Place, but to his own neighborhood of Spinner's End. The girl was not ready to return to that cheery hellhole. He carried her down the street, her naked flesh hidden inside his cloak. Even as they entered his pitiful dwelling, she kept her hands locked behind his neck, and face buried against his chest. Her body shook forcefully with her sobs. Not knowing what else he could do, he sat down in his favorite reading chair with the girl on his lap, making sure to keep his cloak wrapped around them both, and held her as she wept.And he realized that it didn't matter one bit if she cared for another. All that mattered was that she was safe. And she was hurting and in need of comfort. So he would provide that for her. Because as much as he hated to admit it, there was no use lying to himself.
He cared for her.










Chapter 16





Chapter Text
The numb peacefulness of sleep lifted as a fog clears beneath the sun. And as the cracked ceiling of the makeshift potions lab materialized before her, Hermione basked in the sensation of waking from a healthy rest. The first conscious thought she had was that she was naked. The feel of the cotton sheets against her skin was completely novel and deliciously forbidden. She stretched, arching her back and reveling in the sensation of sheets over skin. And then she froze. And sudden realization struck like a bolt of lightning, taking her breath away. Images began to flash before her eyes; images of the night before; images of horror.And soon her heart was beating rapidly, as if she were reliving the scene. And the terror of her own public humiliation was nothing compared with the atrocities surrounding her. The torture. And those women; Hermione couldn't breathe. She was hit with the full force of comprehension all at once: they were all dead. Pain lodged in her chest as a hard knot formed in her throat and tears sprang to her eyes. To think that she had been worried about what would happen to her. I was so selfish! She remembered the relief she had felt to know that she was not the only girl being exploited. Selfish fool! Guilt welled up inside of her that she was alive and well; protected; comfortable; rested. I don't deserve to live when they have died.These were not rational thoughts, a part of her mind remembered. But now was not the time for rational thoughts. Now, she could only feel pain so acute that she thought she might retch if she moved from her place in the fetal position. Tears poured down her face, and she closed her eyes tight, as if willing herself to return to the bliss of ignorant sleep. But she was wide awake. Dreamless Sleep will have that effect. Snape gave me Dreamless Sleep. She vaguely remembered him waking her to tip something down her throat. She couldn't say she wasn't thankful for that, but it was another kind of nightmare to be imprisoned in reality, painfully aware. She wished he would give her another potion.He must have brought me here, she realized. The last thing she could remember was crying on his lap in some unfamiliar place that must have been his home. She must have fallen asleep. And he brought me back; carried me, without waking me up. Somehow the image of Severus Snape putting her to bed seemed far more intimate than anything else they had done. It made her heart clench to know that he was concerned about her.And then another pang of realization hit her. With the revel in the past and school starting soon, her connection to Professor Snape would be effectively severed, in a way. Unless she was called to another revel (and she might beg for death rather than attend), they would never have sex again. That was a funny thing to be thinking about at the moment, she mused, but it was something she hadn't considered before. Everything would go back to the way it was, and he would be her professor again. Except that, everything most certainly could not go back to the way that it was. Everything was different now. And she wasn't sure she liked the idea of being separated from the one person who understood what she had been through.Severus pinched the bridge of his nose as he drowned out the petty chatter around him with his own internal monologue of endless worries. He had not slept last night. He often didn't, after such affairs. Granger had been completely exhausted from the stress and terror, and he had given her a Dreamless Sleep potion to ward against nightmares. It should have worn off by now. And yet, the girl had not surfaced. It was already midafternoon and he did not want to have to send the Weasley girl in there for her again. Of course, I could do it. That was an idea.Severus bit back a groan of frustration. He didn't know how to comfort people. And that was certainly what the girl needed, but there was no one she could talk to. Except for him. Fuck.Severus poured himself a mug of tea and told himself he would wait a little longer.Soon, however, he found himself ascending the stairs to the little potions lab and standing in front of the door. Perhaps she needs more time, he thought, but he refused to simply walk away now. Should I knock? He decided that that would be the polite thing to do… if he decided to go in. Oh, who was he kidding? He had to go in. Raising his knuckles to the dark wood, Severus hesitated only a moment more before knocking.There was no reply. Fuck. What do I do now? If he left, he'd be giving up, and she would know. If he went in, he'd be being rude. Oh, what, now I'm afraid of being rude? Severus felt a ripple of disgust with himself for his weakness when it came to the girl. Pathetic. Reaching for the doorknob, he let himself into the small room.Immediately, the girl bolted up in the bed, ripping the sheets up over her shoulders. But not before he caught a glimpse of her naked torso turned languidly on her side, her hair falling in twisted curls across her collar bone, between her breasts. After everything they had been through together, this seemed a more personal intrusion. He mentally berated himself for stripping her of her privacy along with everything else. Oh, fuck. What the hell was he supposed to say?"How are you feeling?" Could you have been any more generic? Granger visibly relaxed at his words and dropped her eyes to the mattress."I can't complain," she replied bitterly. Oh. He knew that tone. He could see the sentiment in the way she held her frame. This was something with which he was quite familiar. Survivor's Guilt."Miss Granger," he began. It was awkward standing over her, knowing that she was bare beneath those sheets. "Forgive me," he found himself saying, "I should have better prepared you." She shrugged her shoulders."Honestly, Professor, I don't think anything could have prepared me for that." He nodded awkwardly, thinking that perhaps he should leave, when her eyes began to water and she brought the sheet up to hide her face. Cringing against the words he was about to say, he took a deep breath and braced himself."Do you want to talk about it?" The words came out more impatient and grudging than he had intended and the girl's head came up to give him a tiny, mocking grin. Something expanded painfully in his chest at the realization that he had made her smile. Then the grin drooped into a miserable frown."Is it always like that?" she asked. Severus brought the chair back beside the bed and sat upon it."Yes." He wasn't going to lie to her."That's so terrible," she whimpered. "And the girls… they… they kill them all?" Severus's eyes turned down to the mattress."Yes." The depth of emotion in Granger's eyes was too much for him to bear. He did not want to begin sympathizing with the women at the revels. It had taken a very long time for him to learn to distance himself from the victims he would never be able to save. Instead, he studied the tiny toes poking out from under the sheets. They were small, with no polish, but very clean; just the way he would have imagined them to be. When he looked back up at her face, it was buried in the sheets again. Her bare shoulders were now visible, reminding him of her undressed state. Feeling himself reacting to that thought, he quickly suppressed it. "Do you…" she trailed off. With a jolt of horror he realized what she was asking. "Nevermind. I don't want to know.""No. I do not participate," he hurried to tell her. Those pale shoulders slumped in relief and she peeked her eyes out from behind the sheets. They were swollen and red from long hours of crying. "Usually I am able to leave the revels rather early.""I don't know how you do it," she said softly and he realized that her expression was one of admiration. It made him distinctly uncomfortable, especially given what he had done to her the night before. Severus shifted in his seat."I have been a Death Eater for longer than you have been alive, Miss Granger." There was that funny smile again."No you haven't." She did not elaborate and he found himself staring into cinnamon eyes that were full of tenderness. A knot of longing formed in his throat. I cannot have her. She eventually broke the contact, her eyes sliding down his neck, then the long line of buttons down his coat. She blushed and turned her gaze to the toes peeping out from underneath the sheets. For his part, Severus was frozen stiff at her blatant stare. He had never felt more exposed. She pretended to know him so well. And yet, she struck upon certain truths. Then her obvious perusal of his person left him breathless with need. Now was certainly not a time to be aroused. He cleared his throat."You should spend time with your friends today. It will help you cope," He told her, standing to leave. Her reluctant expression was interesting. She does not want to see them? Then her eyes shot up to his."I don't have any clothes," she blurted. Despite himself, Severus felt his face begin to heat. He certainly wasn't about to go digging through her suitcase in the girls' room. Whipping his wand out of his sleeve with a quick grace that made her lips fall open with an admiration that caused a stirring in his trousers, Severus conjured a nightgown from thin air. It was practically identical to the one she had worn that night and Severus hoped she wouldn't read too much into that; and somehow discover that he saw it in his dreams. "Thank you," she whispered. He merely inclined his head before sweeping from the room.Hermione took a scalding hot shower in an attempt to rid her flesh of the disgust that seemed to stick to her. Try as she might, she could not merely wash the revel away. It was part of her now; part of how she saw the world. That would never change. She did emerge feeling a bit better, however. At least her hair no longer held the scent of a thousand floating candles. And her skin was no longer coated in the sweat from her own fear.Hermione rubbed the vapor from the mirror and appraised her own reflection. She looked sick; paler, thinner, dark smudges under eyes that were puffy and red. Sighing, she looked away and began to dress. Her favorite grey shorts had been lost to the shadows of the revel, she realized. That made her sad in an inexplicable way. She really loved those shorts. And in a way, they were very much a part of her. A part of her that she would never get back. Pulling on some jeans and a plain, white tee, Hermione took a deep breath before leaving the bathroom.She found her friends in the kitchen. Apparently the Weasley Twins had deemed it necessary to bring a load of their products to the house in order to… entertain… the bored teenagers. Ginny jumped up when she saw the other girl."Hermione! Where have you been?""Asleep," the older girl replied, half-truthfully."Well you're missing all the fun! We're celebrating leaving this ruddy dump." Hermione froze."Leaving?" Was it that near the end of summer?"Yeah, silly. Aren't you excited to go back to school?""Yeah," Hermione answered absently. She felt as if school was a world away, in a different life. "When do we go back?" Ginny stared incredulously at her."You're joking, right? We leave tomorrow." WHAT?! Ginny grinned at her stricken expression. "Yeah," she continued, "Seriously. We're going in groups to the station. Splitting us up, you know? Like last year." Hermione nodded vaguely. "So… Don't you want to celebrate?" the redhead asked excitedly."Sure," Hermione replied, looking around at the cheerful crowd. Perhaps this was exactly what she needed.He was surrounded by darkness so profound that it seemed all the light was gone from the world. And the abyss around him seemed to suck away all pleasant feelings, like the touch of a Dementor. The darkness was empty in a dense way. And though it was mere darkness, it seemed to grow closer; caressing him; consuming him. And he knew that he would never escape that strong pull; dragging him down; splitting him apart.And then, there was a faint, distant light. Even a pinprick was enough to break the oppression of the black, but it grew larger as it came nearer. And it was not a mere light. It was a figure, like a patronus, come to drive away the evil that surrounded him. And as she stepped closer, he saw that it was an angel. And she reached out to him, the light of her bare feet forming a floor beneath them. Her hands grasped his as he met her cinnamon eyes. You are not alone, they seemed to say. And she reached up on tiptoes to press a kiss against his jaw, her warm face brushing against his, bringing life into it. And then she moved to kiss the other side, and his arms wrapped around her waist.She could not reach his forehead without pulling him down, and he collapsed against the floor beneath them, the angel on his lap, straddling him. She pressed a kiss to his forehead, holding him against her. And his hands roamed the delicate body revealed by the sheer material of the nightgown. Then her lips were right in front of his own, and he reached for her, pressing his lips against her own. And they were no longer enveloped in darkness, but rather spread out beneath the pulsing heat of the sun. And she moved against him with urgent desire as his hands explored her now-bare skin.Then they were making love. And she was above him, looking tenderly into his hungry eyes as she pressed against him. He sought to touch her everywhere, to know every bit of her. And he had never known anything more beautiful. Their movements became urgent and her lips came to capture his in a passionate kiss. He was about to come.Severus woke himself up before he could soil the bedsheets like some adolescent boy. But throwing the sheets off of him, he took himself in hand and fervently finished the job. Picturing the tenderness in Hermione's cinnamon eyes, he let out a primal groan as his seed released. Then, panting and covered in his own ejaculate, Severus felt the familiar twinge of self-loathing. What sick, twisted sort of man am I? The girl's life had been completely upturned and all he could think about was having sex with her. Because, selfishly, he wanted her. I am a fool. He needed her. But wish as he might, he was not the one she loved.
Please Review! 
:}










Chapter 17





Chapter Text
Hermione watched the hilly countryside roll by in a blur of green serenity as the Hogwarts Express carried its students to the school. She had not paid much attention to the landscape since her first ride on this train, headed to the magical place that would soon drastically alter her world. But now, after so many weeks of darkness, it was amazing to Hermione that such beautiful peace could exist in the same world.She sighed. This year would be different from any other. Her recent experiences distanced her from her friends, mostly because they could not know. But also because they could not relate. And the one man who did understand her would be on the other side of the desk again, and she would have to pretend that nothing had happened between them. And what of Malfoy and the other Slytherins? Had their fathers told them about her? Oh gods! Had they been there themselves? Hermione brushed away that thought and pulled away from the window.Deciding to immerse herself in a book, rather than contemplate her reality, she withdrew Snape's Incantation text. He had not asked for her to return it, so she continued to reread it, ostensibly in preparation. Although, the rational part of her mind reminded her, she sure was paying a lot of attention to those scribblings in the margins. That spidery handwriting. It was very familiar, as she had seen it sprawled out in red ink all over her Potions papers for six years. And yet, here, it seemed more personal. He was not critiquing her homework. He wasn't even speaking to her; he was speaking to himself. But he had allowed her to read it.Hermione was determined to create her Word Search spell as soon as she could. That would give her something to do and take her mind off of other matters. She had even already decided on an incantation: Quaero Verbum. If her Latin was correct, that ought to mean "I search for a word." But she had never studied Latin, and was therefore depending on a Latin dictionary. Once again, she considered one of her professor's notes.
I have found that an incantation which does not describe the 
true
 intent will not function properly. It is imperative that the caster be entirely honest with himself about his intent, in order to choose the correct incantation.
That didn't exactly apply here, but she did wonder what sort of spell her professor could have been working on with an intent that he found difficult to admit to himself. It would have to be some sort of dark magic, she realized. And that did not sit well in her mind. She knew that he was a Death Eater; that he had willingly gone to the dark lord, pledged his loyalty, and taken his mark; that he had done horrible things in the name of Lord Voldemort before he became a spy for the Order. She didn't even know why he had turned spy. And she certainlydidn't know why he'd joined in the first place.But this tangible evidence of his dabbles in the dark arts made it seem real and even current. The ink he had used during those dark days was beneath her fingertips at this very moment. This was the book he had used to create a curse. So why did he give it to her? A part of her thought that he might have been trying to remind her that he was a Death Eater, as he had done on multiple occasions. It was as if he didn't want her to think well of him. As if he knew that he couldn't live up to any sort of good image of himself. Well, if that was the case, she was determined to prove him wrong.Soon enough, they were pulling into the Hogsmeade station, and Hermione's stomach flipped nervously. She was remarkably on edge, for no apparent reason. But somehow she felt as if seeing Snape at the Head Table would reestablish their relationship as teacher and student, and everything else would be brushed under the rug. Weeks ago, she would have prayed for that to be the case. But now, after everything that had happened, it seemed that severing her connection to the dark Potions Master would break down everything she had done to cope with the trauma.Hermione was deep in thought, following Harry and Ron in the general direction of the carriages when she abruptly stopped. In front of her was the most ghastly looking thing she'd ever seen. She would have thought it was the reanimated corpse of a horse that had been buried years ago if she didn't know what it was. A thestral. She could see the thestrals. What a horrible welcome back that was for any student who had seen death; an ugly reminder the second they stepped from the train. Oh, you've had someone die in front of you? That's awful, but at least now you can see the thestrals!Belatedly, Hermione realized that she would have to pretend not to see them. The others did not know that part of the story, and she was not at liberty to tell them. Averting her eyes from the multitude of horrible creatures and trying not to remember that she had actually ridden one, Hermione turned her gaze to the distant glow of the castle. The usual excitement to return to her studies and the comfort of her second home was absent. All that she felt was a gnawing dread for everything that awaited her there and for the difficult year that surely lay ahead.Severus sat motionless at the Head Table as he awaited the arrival of the students. He could hear the distant sound of carriages and knew that it would not be long. For yet another year, he would have to put up with the brats. That is… if he lived that long.And then, the river of children began, as it did every year, as the little dunderheads invaded the peaceful hall. Breathing in a deep breath, Severus braced himself. Joy. Cheerfulness. Blissful ignorance of the world around them. Friendship. Good memories. Excitement for another year at Hogwarts. Appetite for a hearty meal. These were all things that Severus did not have. And usually, over the summer, he was able to do as he pleased—specifically not see other people—and often forgot that said other people actually had these things. But once again, as the snotrags flooded into the hall, he was confronted with this fact.But this summer had not been like the others. No, this summer had been far worse. And now, watching the room fill up with smiles, his anger simmered just beneath the surface. They had no idea what horrors were right behind the smokescreen that the Ministry had erected. And then he saw her—the one little ray of sadness in a hall of shining faces. And his heart clenched. And in that moment, he honestly wished that she were among the insufferable smilers.When the students had finally decided to grace their seats with their entitled little arses, Severus swept his gaze to the Slytherin table. The unsubtle glances in his and Miss Granger's direction almost tempted him sneer down at them in disgust. They were a poor representation of their House to be so blatantly obvious. Well, that answered one of his questions, at least. They know. To his disgust, they only seemed to admire him more.He watched dispassionately as the new dunderheads were Sorted. The Welcoming Feast never failed to depress him; reminding him that another long year was to come. And yet, this year, it would be different. This year, Albus had finally agreed to give him what he wanted. At the time, his miserable stay at Grimmauld Place had seemed a small price to pay.The children Sorted, Severus ignored most of Albus's announcements, until the old man finally reached the one that interested him. "Also, please welcome Professor Horace Slughorn. He will be taking up his old post as Potions Master, while Professor Snape teaches Defense Against the Dark Arts." While the delivery of the announcement was a tad disappointing, the effect it had on the hall was most certainly not. The calm atmosphere immediately shifted to frenzied whispering and bobbing heads, like a pond when it suddenly begins to rain.Each table reacted differently. The Slytherins grinned up at their Head of House with something akin to Triumph as they taunted the rest of the school. The Gryffindors were in an uproar at the unfairness of it, their panties all in a bunch. The Ravenclaws seemed to be considering him, weighing the pros and cons, calculating the odds of finding a better defense or potions teacher, hoping this would be the best solution academically. And the Hufflepuffs were all shaking in complete terror. He saw the quirk of Albus's lip before the Headmaster finally announced the beginning of the feast. Forcing himself to eat a full plate, Severus mused that perhaps this year would not be so bad, after all.That night, after shutting herself away in her four-poster bed, Hermione pulled out a piece of parchment and a quill. She was finally able to write home, as she did each year, but did not know what to say.
Dear Mum and Dad,
She hesitated. She couldn't tell them anything, but she wanted to reach out to them for support, as she always had.I miss you desperately. She paused. Perhaps if she vented her emotions via some other scapegoat… It has been a rough summer, locked away in that dingy house. Not that I minded seeing Harry and Ron, she rushed to assure, but it would have been nice to see a bit more sun on my holiday. She bit her lip. On one hand, they would really worry about her, but on the other, she needed to talk to someone, and it couldn't be her friends. The house is dirty and cramped with people coming and going all the time. And any slight noise wakes up this giant portrait of a prejudiced old witch who only screams insults at me for my blood status. It's ridiculous! I will never understand how people can be so prejudiced against someone based on their genetics! You may think muggle racism is bad, but wizards are so much worse. Of course, they are about 500 years behind, as far as social advances go.I feel like it's getting worse. Even now that I'm back at school, the hate is just so overwhelming. Everyone is divided politically and we're in the middle of a war that could lead to muggle-borns being forced out of magical society. It just makes me so angry! And I just don't even know what to do about it. Hermione sighed deeply. I'm sorry for ranting, but it's just been really rough. I miss you so very very much and I can't wait to see you at Christmas.
Love, Hermione.
She breathed a sigh of relief, feeling a little bit better for having vented a little of her frustration, but she was eager for their reassurances. So she slipped out of bed in her nightgown, threw a dressing gown around her shoulders, slipped on some shoes, and headed to the Owlery.After selecting a bird, tying her letter to its leg, and sending it off with a treat and instructions to wait for a reply, Hermione did not immediately leave. There was a peaceful solitude to this place, especially at night, and it relaxed her in a way that nothing else had, yet. Except… well… actually except for Professor Snape, if she was honest with herself.As her eyes adjusted, she could see the grounds of the castle and the outline of the forbidden forest. The dark lake reflected the Moon and the stars as perfectly as a mirror. She found that funny because the Moon is sometimes referred to as the Cosmic Mirror. So it was a mirror in a mirror. She thought about that. If that were truly the case, the sequence would continue indefinitely in a tunnel of mirrors that went on forever. Like Infinity.Before she could really grasp the implications of that, a hand clamped over her mouth as an arm circled her waist, holding her own arms against her sides. Her muffled screaming was quickly silenced magically. "Hello, Granger," came the arrogant voice of Draco Malfoy. Shite! "Haven't seen you in a while," he purred against her ear. And in that instant, she knew. He was there! "I've gotta say, I had expected you to put up a bit more… fight." At that, the hand that had been covering her mouth strayed down to fondle her breast. He groaned, pressing his erection into her back. Try as she might, she could not pull away from him. He was too strong."Mr. Malfoy," Snape began as he stepped out of the shadows. Hermione had never been happier to see the dour Potions Master. Malfoy dropped his hold on her and swung around to face his Head of House. Hermione watched, unable to speak, as their professor swooped down on them, a dark anger in his eyes. "It is customary to ask permission before playing with another man's toys," he growled in a low, dangerous voice."Sorry, Uncle…""Don't 'Sorry, Uncle' me! Here, I am your professor and you are my student. A student, I might add, who is currently out past curfew.""She's out past curfew, too!" At that, an evil sneer spread across Snape's features, making Hermione's heart race inexplicably. When he spoke, his voice was an octave lower than it had been."And she will be punished accordingly." A shiver of fire raced down Hermione's spine and she felt her cheeks heat at his words. Malfoy turned to her and she belatedly remembered to play the part. Her eyes grew wide with fear and she took a step backward. Her professor stepped away from Malfoy to capture her wrist in a painful grip. Her cry of pain was silent from the curse. Snape looked right into her eyes as he spoke to Malfoy. "Go to bed, Draco. Before I am forced to give you detention." The boy started to leave when the Slytherin Head spoke again. "And Draco," he began, turning the full force of his glare on the snobby blond, "Don't ever lay a finger on my property again!" She saw the boy nod before hurrying down the stairs.Then, suddenly, she was alone in the tower with Professor Snape. The tension went out of her in a deep sigh and she almost smiled up at him, before she realized that his anger had not dissipated. He threw up wards around them before speaking. "What the hell do you think you're doing?" he spat. "Haven't you learned your lesson about sneaking off when you aren't supposed to?" Ouch. That one stung. "You're lucky I was here. If I hadn't found you…" his eyes lit up like balls of fire and she stepped back from him in fear, but his hand was still around her wrist and he yanked her back to him. She had never seen such fury in those dark depths. "Get to bed. And don't let Draco see you on your way." He released her wrist and Hermione was immediately compelled to obey. Running down the stairs, tears began to form in her eyes, and she wasn't sure why.He was angry with her.









Chapter 18





Chapter Text
Hermione was only half-conscious as she nibbled on her toast. All night, her dreams had been plagued by images of the revel. It was her first night without the Dreamless Sleep and she hadn't realized just how horrible that would be. After the first few hours of nightmares, she had merely stayed awake, crying into her pillow and half-attempting to read in order to distract herself. In the end, she merely lied there, awake, staring up at the ceiling above her as light slowly crept into the room. She was exhausted, but refused to sleep. Rest was not worth the nightmares.So as she chewed the dry bread (she hadn't had the energy to butter it) a flurry of unconnected thoughts drifted in and out of her mind, nothing staying long enough to capture her attention. Even the sudden appearance of an owl beside her plate had little effect on her. She groaned at the effort of detaching the letter and stuffing it into her bag for later. Hermione returned to her toast as the forgotten owl bristled and then angrily flew away."Hermione, you look dreadful!" Ginny exclaimed loudly somewhere near her ear. Hermione grunted in reply. "Didn't you sleep last night?" The answering grunt was clearly in the negative. "Hermione, you have got to sleep. Look at you. You're a complete wreck! Don't you know classes start today?" Hermione's head banged against the table in defeat. "Oh, come on! Don't do that! Here, what you need is a good strong cup of coffee." Hermione wrinkled her nose in disgust. She'd never been much of a coffee person. But soon a steaming mug of the sweetened brew was placed in her hand and she obediently sipped at it.Hhhmmmm coffee. The rich flavor was softened by the addition of cream and sugar and Hermione was quite sure this was nothing like the coffee she had had before. The pungent taste seemed to wake her senses even before the caffeine could have gotten into her system. She looked up just in time to see Professor Snape leaving the Great Hall."I don't think I've ever been less excited for a Defense class," Harry grumbled, looking down at the schedule Professor McGonagall had given him upon entry into the Hall that morning. Hermione snapped to attention, grabbing her own schedule from its forgotten place beside her pumpkin juice. Oh, no. Defense was her first class today!Eventually, the Trio left the Great Hall, waving to Ginny as she headed off on her own, and heading to their first DADA class with Professor Snape. As Harry's and Ron's anger seemed to simmer right below the surface, Hermione's nervousness was similarly rising up inside of her. That coffee was turning her stomach in a sickening, twisting way, and she couldn't seem to stop biting her lip in anticipation.Oh, no. As they reached the door to the Defense classroom, it became clear that this class would be equal parts Gryffindor and Slytherin. What a disaster! Hermione hung back with her friends, but it didn't take her long to notice the many eyes that kept flitting over to her from the Slytherin crowd. For a moment, she couldn't breathe as she sought to maintain her composure. They know. Her heart was beating wildly in her chest—aided in small part by the large amount of caffeine pumping through her system—and she was beginning to feel lightheaded as her breathing returned in the form of quasi-hyperventilation. Tears were just behind her eyes, but she wouldn't allow them to see that weakness. She couldn't break down right now. What would Professor Snape think?Just then, the door to the classroom swung open with a bang, and their Potions Master—scratch that—Defense Instructor was there. Silence reigned. Severus Snape tended to have that effect. "Enter," he said simply, the deepness of his tone resonating in that aching cavity within her chest where everything seemed to be building up to an explosion. She hung back as long as she could, catching his eye as she made her way toward him at the end of the line. He must have sensed her distress, for as she passed, his hand touched her shoulder, as if to usher her inside. But that small touch seemed to ease the growing knot inside of her. In her semi-delirious, sleep-deprived, and caffeine-induced state, it almost seemed to say 'you are not alone.'"Now then," their professor began when everyone was seated. He moved slowly toward the front of the classroom, drawing every eye to his robed form. "Many of you have expressed objection to my appointment as your new Defense teacher," he drawled in a bored tone. "The opinion being that I will be biased by my own relationship with the Dark Arts." There was collective intake of breath at this pronouncement and a heavy tension descended upon the classroom. Every ear was trained on their professor as every head restrained against the urge to turn and share glances with those around them. Hermione, herself, was very fully awake now, and feeling the pump of adrenaline through her system at his dangerous words."By now you have all discovered this history of mine, but do not believe the whisperings of the children around you. I have forsaken that dark path, but I did once know it intimately." He had reached the front of the room, and swept around at this, turning a sharp eye on his students. "It is for this very reason that I will be better equipped to teach you how to fight it. I trust you remember your fourth year fiasco with Mr. Barty Crouch. A Death Eater. But you learned more about the Dark Arts that year than in any other year… so far.""In this class, you will learn to fight. Not duel, no, Death Eaters do not play by the rules." The suggestion was shocking. Even though the Ministry had finally accepted Lord Voldemort's return, it was still a taboo subject at school. For their darkest, evilest professor to suggest that they would be fighting the followers of the dark lord… it did not bode well. "War is upon us, make no mistake. It is unfortunate timing for you; old enough to fight, but not experienced enough to win." Another pang of fear went through them, but still no one moved. "You may whine, you may gripe, you may call it unfair, but know this: there is no convenient time for war.""Therefore, you must prepare yourselves, and it is my job to assist you. But we will not begin with combat. No. There is an even greater danger to the Dark Arts that you all must understand before you fight. And that is that there is no line between Good… and Evil. Believe that, and you will succumb to the Temptress that is Dark Magic. For, like a Siren, she pulls you toward her unknowingly until you have crashed on the jagged rocks and are forever lost to the dark sea." Hermione realized that she wasn't breathing, and it didn't seem as though anyone else was, either."For as long as humans have ruled this planet—magical and muggle alike—there has been a struggle between Good and Evil." Snape adopted his lecture stance at this and began to pace. There seemed to be a collective exhale as a bit of the tension left the room, but the weight of his words still hung around their necks, like the proverbial albatross. "It is often much more difficult to discern Good from Evil than one might expect. That is something that each of you will struggle with and which I cannot answer for you. You must come to terms with it, yourself. And both can be found inside every single one of you—though some of you think you can do no wrong. You must confront the evil within, or it will consume you. But know this: Good never does harm. You will all be tested in the coming year, but you must keep in mind, the toughest war does not present itself on a battlefield. It is within yourself." He paused then, allowing the heavy lecture to sit on his audience for a moment."Now," he began again in a lighter tone—strange to think that Snape even had lighter tones. "How about a bit of dueling practice?" With a flick of his wand, the desks they were sitting in slid to the back of the room, leaving a large open area for practice. More than one muffled squeal erupted from the already anxious students as they found themselves suddenly thrown backward. But that was enough to break the tension and allow for a bit of nervous laughter as they climbed over the jumbled desks to stand before their professor. "I understand you have been taught a bit of nonverbal magic. By the end of this year, you will be so practiced with this that it will come as easily as any verbal spell. Who can tell me the advantages of nonverbal magic in a battle setting?"Hermione's hand shot up in the air automatically, but as her professor turned to look at her with a malicious smirk, she immediately regretted it. When he spoke, his tone was equal parts impatient disdain and morbid satisfaction. "Miss Granger, do try not to answer every question this year." The magic of the curse brought her hand down to her side as the sound of snickering Slytherins met her ears. When she turned to glare at them, they were all leering horribly back in her direction, and she understood with a painful jolt that her professor was mocking her for their benefit. "Potter, perhaps you've had enough time to think that one over."For one long second, Harry didn't seem to comprehend that his professor wanted him to answer the question instead. When he caught up, he hastened to respond. "Well you've got an advantage," he said, stumbling over the words. His face grew red. "That is, they have less time to respond, so you're more likely to hit." There was a long pause as a horrible sneer spread across their professor's face."Very good, Potter." The Slytherin's cackled once more and Hermione felt herself filling up with rage. Before this summer, she would have been the voice of reason telling Harry and Ron not to get angry with Snape; that they would only be rising to the bait. But now, after everything that had happened, she felt somehow betrayed. That was irrational, she knew. Snape wouldn't change the way he was just because of something silly like sex. A bitter resentment simmered inside of her at that thought. Bastard. "Perhaps you would like to demonstrate for us?" Snape waited as Harry, unsure what to do, slowly stepped out of the crowd of students and into the large, empty space with their professor. For all Harry's proud appearance, he looked to Hermione like a boy in a lion's den.Snape's wand appeared in one swift movement that caused a collective gasp from the Gryffindors. By comparison, Harry looked a bit foolish as he fumbled for his own wand and angrily pointed it at his professor in anticipation. Snape's own stance was bored and his wand wasn't even pointed directly at the boy. "We don't have all day," he drawled and once again a snicker snaked through the Slytherin side of the room. Suddenly, Harry sliced his wand through the air in an angry gesture as he restrained against the urge to shout the incantation. Hermione's heart leapt inexplicably an instant before Snape blocked Harry's spell with a lazy flick of his wrist. The repelled magic knocked Harry flat on his back. "Yes, we have a very long way to go," Snape drawled, turning away from Harry to approach the class. Foolishly, the boy took that as his opportunity to attack again, leaping up and sending a jinx at his professor's back. But Snape was no fool. He caught the jinx with a swipe of his arm as he spun around to face his student. "You play dirty, Potter. Should I be surprised? 50 points from Gryffindor and you'll spend next week in detention with Filch." Harry tried to speak, but Snape cut him off, "I'm being generous, Potter, don't push it." Fuming, Harry slammed his mouth shut and returned to Hermione's side. "Pair up!" And with that, the class divided into pairs to practice silent spells for the remainder of the class.After class that afternoon, Hermione dragged herself up to her four-poster and collapsed on the bed. She didn't even bother to change clothes as she slipped off to sleep.Mirrors. Everywhere, mirrors. And mirrors within mirrors, creating tunnels of horror like an eternal kaleidoscope of pain. She was falling. Mutilated bodies and leering faces flew past her at a sickening speed as she fell through the tunnel of mirrors. It wouldn't end and her throat was tight with tears and a restricted scream.Bolting up in her bed, Hermione realized that she was screaming. Her hair stuck to her skin from sweat and tears as she stepped out of the bed, her legs shaking. She hurried to the bathroom that she shared with the other two girls and splashed water on her face. Drinking a bit of the cool liquid, she stared into the mirror until her heartbeat slowed. Funny how such a simple thing can be so powerful, she thought as she considered the looking glass."Hermione?" Ginny's voice called into the room. Hermione quickly tidied her appearance and stepped out of the bathroom."Yes?""Sorry. We were wondering where you went. It's time to go down to supper, and I wanted to come find you before we left." Hermione's heart ached at the realization that Ginny was there for her, now. Neither girl really spent much time in the company of other girls, but somehow they had become friends this summer, and it was truly a blessing. The boys never would have worried about her like that."Thanks, Ginny," she said, smiling. "I'm ready.""You heard him! 'I have forsaken that path…' HA! Did you see the way the Slytherins were laughing? It's because they know. He's a Death Eater through and through!" Harry's temper had not cooled in the interim between class and dinner. If Hermione didn't know better, she would say that he was feeding it intentionally."Professor Snape is not a Death Eater, Harry," Hermione responded evenly. The little group grew silent. Hermione never talked about what happened to her, but they all knew that Snape had brought her back."Well, even if he's not, 50 points!? It's the first day of school! And on top of that, I have detention!""Come on, mate," Ron chided, "He could'a done a lot worse. I mean, you bloody attacked him!""He deserved it!" Ginny, who had been warily watching the other girl, took this opportunity to intervene."Well, at least he didn't take away your Saturday. Still going to have Quidditch tryouts?" That seemed to brighten the boy's mood considerably."Definitely! I've been working on some great strategies for our games. We'll win that cup this year for sure!"Hermione drifted off into her own thoughts as the other three focused on Quidditch. She didn't mind it, usually, but at the moment her thoughts were not very pleasant company. She glanced up at the Head Table, where Professor Snape was watching the hall like a great, black gargoyle. Was she brave enough to visit him and ask for more Dreamless Sleep? She really did need to see him. So many things were weighing on her mind, and he was the only one she could talk to; Malfoy, the Slytherins, the upcoming war, her attempt to create a new spell, and even Ron. She had never explained to him about that memory he saw, and she couldn't help the little bit of hope that he might be easier on her if he knew.But as she watched the dark professor sweep from the hall, her nervousness got the better of her. There would be Slytherins in the dungeons and she didn't want to face their knowing eyes when they saw her headed toward their Head of House's door. Perhaps I'll wait until I'm making my rounds, tonight. As a prefect, she was permitted to wander the school later than the other students, as long as she was fulfilling her duties.And so, with this in mind, when supper was over, Hermione headed to the library, instead. She didn't even know what to look for as her eyes scanned the titles of the books on the dusty shelves. Ideally, she wanted to read a magical account of chaos, but she had given up hope of finding something like that without the spell she was planning to create. Instead, she allowed her fingers to run along the books as she walked down the aisles, thinking that something might stand out, somehow. One of the books quite literally stood out from the rest, stopping her hand in its path down the shelf. Her mouth quirked at the sight of such a large book and she pulled it from its shelf.Hermione blinked down at the cover of the book in her hands. It was a Divination book of all things, focusing on the subject of Astrology. Usually, Hermione would be inclined to stuff the book back where it came from, but at the moment, this book seemed oddly appropriate. After all, she had been studying the Moon.Back in the Gryffindor Common Room, she cracked open the spine and turned to the table of contents. Most of the chapters were complete gibberish to her, but the second chapter caught her eye: Planets. She remembered the bits she had read about the planets in her Alchemy book and eagerly flipped to the page. On the first page, there was a brief description of each of the Visible Planets. Above that, there was a small paragraph explaining that planets were either diurnal, nocturnal, or neutral; and had differing proportions of "Appearing" and "Showing," where a planet that only Shows is exactly what it seems and a planet that only Appears is merely reflecting. Turning to the list of planets, she read the first two over and over, trying to make sense of it:
The Sun: The Circle of Spirit, with no beginning and no end, whole and complete. We are a part of the whole spirit, but we are a spark: the point where the infinite manifests into finite form. The sun, the most diurnal planet, represents human drive to action, the need to be recognized, and the need to express the self. The Sun is the most "Showing" planet, blazing with spiritual truth. It is generally associated with the circulatory system and the heart and symbolized by the Hero, father, king, leader, teacher, or even God.

The Moon: The Crescent of the Soul: the soul receives and holds the spirit. The Moon, the most nocturnal planet, is associated with femininity, women, motherhood, the past, and the subconscious. It represents our need to nurture and to be comforted. The moon is our emotional, reserved side that needs to connect to the rest of Creation. It is associated with the triple-goddess archetype of women: Maiden during the waxing phases, Mother during the full phase, and Crone during the waning phases. The Moon is a purely Appearing planet, only seen when reflecting the light of the Sun.
Hermione gaped down at the page. Once again that feeling that everything was related was swelling inside of her like excitement. This was just like with the Philosopher's Stone. The Alchemy book described Albedo as being related to "Lunar light" and the "reflection of the soul," while Citrinitas was related to "Solar light" and an "inner light" that was associated with gold. Excitedly, she decided to read the rest of the brief descriptions before turning to the pages that described the Sun and Moon in greater detail.Mercury was the Messenger, connecting the soul and the physical realm. It represented the expression of logic and intellect through a particular skill. Venus represented Love, beauty and harmony. It was associated with the need to feel connected to another. Mars represented Aggression and Self-assertion and the need to survive and to challenge. Jupiter paralleled the human desire for growth, freedom, faith and spirituality. It was associated with optimism, faith, trust, confidence, and the desire to improve oneself. Saturn was the need to structure the world, valuing self-reliance and responsibility. It also represented the desire to make ideas tangible.Uranus represented the unexpected and disruptive (accidents and miracles), moments that transform one's life. Hermione stopped to ponder that one a moment.Accidents and Miracles. The process of spiritual awakening. The experience that forces us to reevaluate all the beliefs and foundations in our lives. When and how the walls come tumbling down—and whether we are freed from prison, or exposed and threatened as a result. A chill went down her spine and she moved on to the next planet.Neptune: The truth that reality is an illusion; the ultimate creative force; the ultimate potential for creation and creativity in the universe. Our ability to fantasize, to dream, to try to connect and comprehend the infinite potential of the universe. Dissolves all boundaries and structures. That sounded like Chaos and the Philosopher's Stone all at the same time. Her head was beginning to hurt.Pluto: Death and Rebirth. The ultimate destructive force of the universe. Our lack of control. Transformation and Change. Destruction. Burning away of unnecessary aspects of life. "unnecessary aspects of life?""What was that, Hermione?""Hmmm? Oh, nothing."Symbolized by the Phoenix. Change and evolve. Fulfill cosmic or soul purpose. Her heart was beating quickly now. Born from the ashes, she thought. Like the Philosopher's Stone. Could such a horribly, drastically life-changing event truly lead a person to fulfill their 'soul purpose'?There was another planet beneath Pluto and her brow wrinkled as she looked down at it.
Chiron.
But that wasn't a planet at all, it was an asteroid.The symbol for Chiron is the shape of a key. This planet, named for a centaur healer from Greek Mythology, represents where we encounter and have the opportunity to accept spirituality. This often comes through the wound—the weakest point. Through our efforts to heal this wound, we are able to transcend the wound and experience a true spiritual connection. The urge of this planet is to heal, to transcend the bounds of the physical reality and connect with the truth of the universe. The need of this planet is to carry the light; to allow the light energy of the outer planets to enter the physical body and begin the process of spiritual and physical transformation.* Hermione backtracked to read a bit of that again. The need of this planet is to carry the light. She thought back to the image of an angel bearing a torch of fire on the ceiling above her at the scene of her greatest wound of all."Hermione?" Ginny's voice shocked her out of her reverie. "It's getting late. Don't you have to do your rounds?" Hermione jumped up."Why what time is it?""It's nearly ten.""What!?" Hermione set the book aside, not even bothering to put on her school robes before hurrying out the Portrait Hole.She didn't bother with rounds. Snape would be furious with her as it was, but she had to make it to his rooms at least by ten. Her heart was pounding as she reached his office door. Would he answer? Would he dock points? How mad would he be? But that didn't matter as much as her need for Dreamless Sleep. With that thought, she tapped her fist against his door.A moment passed; a moment of agonizing powerlessness, knowing that he could very well just not answer. In fact, he might not be in his office. He might be in his personal quarters, wherever those were. But then, Professor McGonagall's rooms were accessible through her office, so the same must be true… The door slammed open and there stood Severus Snape, looking remarkably disheveled. His black robes were gone; as was his usual frock coat. All he wore was a plain, white shirt, buttoned up to the neck, but the sleeves were rolled up his arms and for a second, she had a glimpse of the Mark."Granger!" he growled angrily. "What the hell are you doing here?" Her eyes grew wide and she suddenly forgot what she had come for. It was remarkable the effect he had on her, even without his impressive robes. "Come inside." He commanded before she could remember why she had come. Her body immediately obeyed, stepping forward and pushing against him to gain entrance. Her hands pressed against his stomach; a stomach, she realized, that she had been pressed up against before. For a moment, he seemed confused, and then he laughed a hearty laugh that she could feel through her palms. He stepped aside, allowing her to come in and closed the door behind her."It's not funny," she told him when his eyes met hers with continued amusement."Have a seat, Miss Granger," he replied and she immediately obeyed. Moving around his desk to take his own seat, Snape's lip twitched up again in a smirk. She glared back at him. "Tell me," he continued, "what on Earth could possibly possess you to knock on my door after curfew." She wished he would stop commanding her that way."I wanted to ask for Dreamless Sleep," she answered him. The cheerfulness in his eyes disappeared at that and a solemn, empty seriousness took its place. Hermione's heart clenched at the loss. And yet, even with the serious mood, being in his presence made a sort of warmth spread through her, allowing her to relax a little bit. She was safe here."Forgive me," he replied in a low voice that spoke of his weariness, "I should have thought to provide you with more." Then he stood and went to a large, ornate metal cabinet. A wave of his wand and the doors creaked open. He withdrew several vials and placed them in a small box before handing them to her. "There are seven," he said. "For the first four days, you may use them consecutively. With the last three vials, skip a night between them. It is unhealthy to develop dependencies on potions and this one in particular is a very dangerous addiction." He was speaking from experience, she was sure. And she smiled at him when he handed her the box."Thank you, Professor," she said. But she did not leave. There were so many other things that she wanted to discuss with him, but now did not seem the time for most of it. She couldn't just blurt out that she wasn't in love with Ron Weasley. He would surely make her feel like a complete fool. There was a heavy silence between them for a moment before she finally spoke again. "Malfoy was there." The words hung there in the air, laden with meaning, making an awkward tension grow between them. Reminding them of what they had done together."Well, it is his house." She stared at her professor. Why was he making this so difficult? He, more than anyone else, should understand the loneliness of having no one who really understands. Of course, he preferred it that way. "It is likely his father sent him out before anything really happened." She nodded, feeling a bit better at that thought."He—he called you 'Uncle.'" Snape nodded."I am his godfather. And Lucius is one of my oldest friends." Hermione felt a shiver run through her at that. How could he be friends with that monster? "Miss Granger," he continued in a tired voice, "it is already past curfew." Heat flooded her face as she jumped up from the little chair."Sorry, Professor. Thank you for the potions." He inclined his head in a mere nod but continued to stand beside the desk. As she headed to the door, the warmth was already beginning to melt away, and fear was filling her at the thought of being alone again. She turned back to him as she reached for the doorknob. "Goodnight," she whispered. He did not respond, but she did not expect him to. Instead, she opened the door and stepped out into the dark tunnel of the dungeon corridor.
*Once again just wanted to make sure I gave credit to Kevin Burk and his Astrology book. Most of the planet information is quoting from him.
 
Oh yeah and please Review!!!










Chapter 19





Chapter Text
Hermione glared at Harry over her bubbling cauldron. He was using the Prince's book again. When her friend had found the ratty, old book the year before, it didn't take them long to realize that this Prince was a potions genius. Using his advice in class improved Harry's potions remarkably. But Harry had been afraid that Snape would discover the book and take it from him, so he had refrained from using it, opting instead to order a new one from Flourish and Blotts. This year, however, with Professor Slughorn as their teacher, the boy had decided to use his improved Potions book, much to Hermione's chagrin. She told the boys that she didn't trust this Prince person, but the truth was that she resented the way going against the rules was benefiting her friends. Was there no reward for doing as she was told?Hermione was convinced that the "Half-Blood Prince" was actually a girl named Eileen Prince. When she had told Harry that, however, the boy had practically jumped down her throat telling her that he was sure that the Prince was, in fact, "a bloke." She wanted to prove him wrong, somehow, as if making him see that he was wrong about the Prince might make him question his faith in the Prince's techniques. But she just couldn't find any more information on Eileen.Promising herself that that would be her first search when her spell was ready, she headed off to the Room of Requirement after class for a bit of practice. As she withdrew Snape's Incantation text from her bag, however, a crumpled piece of notebook paper fell out with it, distracting her from her task. Reaching for it, she realized that it was her parents' letter from the day before. She had completely forgotten about it in the pandemonium of the first day of school. A surge of excitement washed through her as she opened the lovingly folded paper.
Hermione,

We are terribly upset to hear that you are having a hard time. It is true that the world is full of hate, and that will never change. You just have to grit your teeth and be strong. There will always be someone out there who tries to pull you down, but remember that you have so many people in your life who love you and that will lift you up. So, if someone doesn't like you, what does it really matter in the long run? It's their loss.

All you can do is resist the urge to hate them back. It will only hurt you. Put yourself in their shoes and try to find pity for those who have no love in their life. Remember the words of Mahatma Gandhi when he said "An eye for an eye makes the whole world blind." Or Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. who said "Darkness cannot drive out darkness; only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate; only love can do that." And don't worry, darling, you will learn not to be affected by the hate. Just don't ever forget that we will always be there for you. And we love you very very much.

All our love, Mum and Dad
Hermione stared down at the page. Of course! They couldn't have said it better. Just as Harry's mum had saved him and destroyed Voldemort with her love, so could she wash out the impurities festering inside of her with love. She could redeem herself. She could become pure again. She thought back to her reading the night before. Chiron was the planet that "carried the light." It was the path of redemption, through the deepest wound. Chiron was from Greek Mythology, she remembered. Without hesitating, she pulled the Mythology book from her bag. Rifling through the pages she felt a keen excitement when she found Chiron.
Chiron was a centaur born of Cronus and the nymph Philyra. He was a master healer, but is more famous for being the teacher of heroes. Among his pupils were Achilles, Jason, Theseus, Perseus, and Heracles. Some legends even say that he taught Dionysus himself.

In a tragic accident, Chiron was pierced by one of Heracles's arrows, which were poisoned with the blood of the Hydra. Being of divine heritage, Chiron was immortal and could not die, but neither could he heal his own wound. Rather, he was left to suffer in agony from the poison.

Far away, the Titan Prometheus had been bound forever against a rock to live the recurring torment of having his liver eaten by an eagle every day, only to have it grow back at night. This was his punishment for giving Man fire and he would not be released from it unless a god was willing to take his place. Chiron gave up his own immortality to free Prometheus from this suffering; his final act of healing. Seeing this, Zeus took pity on the centaur and transformed him into the constellation Sagittarius.
While it was interesting, Hermione did not believe that this new information had furthered her understanding of the planet. Shoving the book back inside her bag, Hermione turned back to the Incantation text, opening it to the correct page to begin her practice.Severus stared down at the marble floor, kneeling as he waited for his master's command."Severussss," came the devil's voice and the dark Slytherin suppressed a shudder of repulsion. "Your studentsss have spoken of little elssse besides your dramatic, little ssspeech. Their fathers have been most anxiousss to make me aware. I hope your explanation is a very good one. For your ssake.""Forgive me, my lord. The old fool gave me very specific instructions for the first day of class. I did not plan to obey, but the girl informed me that Potter and his friends had been told to spy for their Headmaster. They were to report to him to ensure that I complied with his orders." Though his head remained bowed, Severus knew that the dark lord was pacing in anger."He is suspiciouss? He still does not trussst you to teach Defense Against the Dark Artssss?""He is afraid that I will be tempted by the allure that brought me to you in the first place.""Ah yesss. Albus knows that allure, himself. But we need him to trussst you.""My lord, if I may, he is afraid that I will bow to the presence of your spies in my classroom." Lord Voldemort cackled at that."Of coursse. You walk a difficult line, Severuss. How are you to teach the Defense class and pleassse both your masstersss?""I am but your pawn, my lord. I will teach it whatever way you see fit." There was a heavy pause while the dark lord considered this."You will teach as the old fool commands," he said finally. "They are but children; what threat could they be? We need you to be as close to him as possssible. He has to trusst you. And that will give us the added benefit of his belief that my Slytherinsss bow to your authority.""I will do as you command, my lord. I am forever your faithful servant.""And what of the girl? Has she any more valuable information for me?""No, my lord. For the moment, Potter has only spoken of his excitement for the new school year and his upcoming Quidditch tryouts." The dark lord laughed at that."Good. Let him focuss his attention on a game. He will remain unprepared.""He will never be prepared, my lord. I will see to it."The Gryffindor Common Room was quiet with the first night of serious studying. Tomorrow was the third day of class, and the first for which homework would be due. On the bright side, however, it was also a Friday.Hermione leaned over a long parchment of notes on Conjuration, preparing to write an essay for Professor McGonagall. As she organized her ideas, the boys unabashedly stared over her shoulders at the work she had done. She knew that they were copying, but what did it really matter? They always had and they always would.Suddenly, from out of nowhere, a House Elf appeared before them, startling a tiny shriek from Hermione. The other students turned to see what the commotion was as the little elf leaned in closer to the bushy-haired girl. "I's to take Miss Granger to the Headmaster," it said. Hermione's brow wrinkled."Okay…" she began, but before she could even ask the elf more about this mission, a little hand had grasped her wrist and they were gone. Landing in the Headmaster's office, Hermione stumbled a bit from the dizzying effect of apparition. House Elf apparition, it seemed, was somewhat smoother, but only marginally. When she was steady enough, she looked up only to have her breath catch at the sight of Professor Snape seated in front of Dumbledore's desk."Ah, Miss Granger," the Headmaster began, his eyes twinkling as he studied her from across the dark wood. "So good of you to join us. Please, have a seat." Another chair appeared beside Snape's and Hermione hesitantly moved toward it to sit down. Whatever was going on, it couldn't be good. "Severus and I were just discussing plans for the next time you are called." A jolt of shocked fear shot through her at this pronouncement, followed by a twinge of humiliation. Did Snape tell him about that?"You see," the old man continued cheerfully, "your professor has just been to see Voldemort," Hermione gasped and looked at the dark wizard. She noticed the way his jaw tightened at the mention of the dark lord's name. "and he seems rather keen on gaining information through you. We believe that it would be wise to invent some lies to feed him in order to keep you useful." The rest was left unsaid, but Hermione understood that being useless to the dark lord was a death sentence. She felt a bit lightheaded. Then Snape began to speak."I had no way of telling you that I was called," he said. The worry in that statement was clear. They needed some way to get in touch with each other. "I suppose I could have called you to me before I left, but that seemed a bit excessive, and I had no way of knowing if you were with company. It might seem suspicious if you suddenly disappeared.""Will that even work at Hogwarts?" Hermione asked. "There is no apparition or disapparition…""Save us your memorized facts, Granger. Being called is different from pure apparition. It is more akin to House Elf apparition. We will have to test it, certainly, but I believe the wards will not inhibit the magic of our curse." Our curse?"The problem of communication, however, is the most pressing matter," Dumbledore reminded them."Well, I may have an idea about that," Hermione began sheepishly. "In fifth year, we charmed Galleons to use as communication devices for the D.A.""The what?" Snape spat."Dumbledore's Army…""Ah, yes, your little gang of hellions…""You charmed Galleons, Miss Granger?" Dumbledore inquired politely."Yes, sir. I used a Protean Charm. It allowed us to send out the dates and times of the next meeting and the coins would grow warm when there was a new message.""Brilliant," the Headmaster praised. Snape let out a huff of breath."It's not immediate enough. What if she doesn't feel the coin right away? We cannot take the risk that she could be unprepared for a summons.""Ah," replied the old man, "but the same magic could be applied to rings." Both Hermione and her professor seemed to stiffen at the thought of having rings connecting them to each other."I don't wear rings." Snape growled."Come now, Severus. You could disillusion it when it's not active." Beside her, Snape crossed his arms, but remained silent. Dumbledore withdrew his wand and swished it through the air several times, as if he were conducting an orchestra. Suddenly, two golden bands formed on the surface of the desk and the two leaned forward to look at them. Oh gods, they look like wedding rings."A Protean Charm, was it?" Hermione nodded. She watched as the Headmaster charmed the golden bands in a similar, but slightly more complex way. I now pronounce you Master and Slave, she thought bitterly as the old man held a ring out to each of them. "These will work both ways. If one of you changes the appearance of yours, the other will be similarly transformed and will grow warm. However, the ring will not be likewise affected by a disillusionment charm. We can't have rings suddenly appearing on your fingers." He chuckled at that and teacher and student held their rings in their hands, unsure about where to wear them. Hermione tried hers on the second to last finger of her right hand and looked over at Snape to see that his was on the same finger of his left. Then they both disillusioned the rings and looked up at the Headmaster once more."And what of the lies we will tell him?" Snape asked."First, tell him that I am teaching the boy Occlumency. It will hardly matter anyway. If the boy is captured, Tom's priority will not be reading his mind.""And their connection?""I believe Tom is unable to control that connection. He is afraid of it. I do not think that he will attempt to use it." Snape grunted in acceptance. "There is another thing, Severus. I was hoping you would pay a visit to your good friend, Lucius." Hermione's eyes popped up to the Headmaster's at that."What do you want with him?" Snape drawled in a bored tone."I need to access a very particular part of the Ministry that I know he controls. Of course, he's a lot fonder of you than he is of me. How likely do you think it is that he would be willing to grant you access?" Hermione was beginning to feel like she was intruding."Well, that would depend on which part of the Ministry and what you're willing to offer him.""Well, I am hoping to get a hand in the Department of Magical Transportation." Hermione's brow wrinkled. "Find out what he wants and then I will decide if I am willing to pay it." Lucius Malfoy certainly wouldn't need money. Hermione's stomach twisted to think what the horrible man might want."Transportation?" Snape repeated."Yes. I'm still trying to decipher that prophecy. It was rather more like a riddle than most and I was thinking that the 'key' could be 'portkey.'" Professor Snape had gone very still, but Hermione was completely lost. She couldn't remember anything about a key in the prophecy about Harry. "After all," the Headmaster continued, "the mark on her arm works rather a lot like a portkey." Confusion warred with comprehension in Hermione's mind. Surely this prophecy couldn't have anything to do with her. And yet, as she glanced at her professor, he was studiously avoiding her gaze. "But that's a topic for another time and I've got paperwork to complete before bed. I'm afraid I've kept you out past curfew, Miss Granger. But I'm sure Severus won't mind escorting you to Gryffindor Tower. Severus, do let me know what Lucius says as soon as you can." The two were reluctantly escorted from the office as the Headmaster spoke, leaving no opportunity for interruption. Once outside, however, with the door closed behind them, Hermione turned on her professor."What prophecy?" She knew the tone was forceful, but in this she planned to have her way. Her professor sighed."Come," he growled. "We will discuss it in my office."Severus wished the girl had been wearing something other than her usual sleepwear when she had been brought to the Headmaster's office. As he gazed down at her slender form from behind his desk, his body reacted to the delicious sight. At first, Severus had thought that returning to school would dampen this bizarre attraction that had developed over the summer. And at first, he was able to distance himself enough to see her as the bushy-haired know-it-all, Brains of the Golden Trio that she was. But it had been an illusion.That first night, as he gazed out on the castle grounds from a favorite perch in a familiar tower, something had caught his eye. There, leaning out a window of the Owlery, glowing in the light of the moonlit night, dressed in a familiar nightgown, was Hermione. And in that unguarded moment, the truth of his affection for the girl attacked his senses, leaving him breathless with need. And he realized that that need was not merely sexual. He saw her attacker the moment before he struck and a pang of fear shocked his nervous system at the thought of anything happening to her. Before his mind could finish the thought, he was running.Now, as he stared down at her, he was equally afraid. She would not forgive him for keeping this secret so long. "I have meant to speak of this to you before now," he began. You're making excuses. He sighed. "On the day that you were taken, there was a faculty meeting at Hogwarts. I—" he wasn't sure how to explain. Either way, this was a heavy burden for her to bear. Not for the first time he damned the Headmaster's atrocious timing. "I was accosted by one Sybil Trelawney who then proceeded to have a vision and tell me the fateful prophecy. At the time, we were unaware that you had been taken.""What did the prophecy say?" by the look of her, Granger was totally absorbed in fascination with this story. Severus collected himself and then began to recite the prophecy to the girl, carefully avoiding her gaze."The dark lord now holds the key to his own demise. The one who has been taken will be released, but free no more. He who holds her chains shall have the key. Unlock Victory and she shall be free." Hesitantly, Severus allowed his gaze to fall over the girl. She was ashen-faced and wide-eyed as if she had just been witness to a horrible tragedy. One hand shot to her side, as if to reach for her bag. But there was nothing there."Do you have a bit of parchment?" she asked breathlessly. Severus quirked a lip. Strange how he could find her incessant need to take notes so endearing. Fumbling in a drawer, he withdrew a blank scroll, quill and ink, and handed them to her. She stood and leaned over his desk, scribbling furiously at the parchment against the dark wood. Severus was temporarily distracted by the view down her shirt. "What was that last part?" she asked. He pulled his gaze from her pale cleavage and repeated the question in his mind."Unlock victory and she shall be free," he purred, somewhat surprised to hear his voice so low. He watched as she bit her lip, focusing on her task as his mind drifted elsewhere. Then, suddenly, she withdrew from the desk, sitting back in her chair and staring off at one of the walls. He watched her thoughts flit across her troubled visage. First there was amazement, but that slowly turned to wounded betrayal, and his heart clenched at the sight as she met his gaze evenly."You knew this before you saved me?" She was hurt. He had hurt her."Yes." He would not deny it. He would always tell her the truth."And you never told me." She was speaking to herself, and Severus was not sure if he should answer her or not."The opportunity never presented itself," he replied, and that was mostly true."It never presented itself!?" Oh, she was angry. She was very angry. He bowed his head slightly, as if in shame. "You didn't think I might like to know something like this!?""Miss Granger…" he began, but he was not given the chance to finish the thought."No! I'm sick of this! I'm just a pawn here! I have gone along with everything you have asked of me!" Tears were forming in her eyes and he felt a knot forming in his throat. There would be no overcoming this blunder. "I trusted you!" she cried, tears trailing down her cheeks. Trust? Remorse welled up inside of him. Someone had finally given him trust; something he always believed he would never have. And he had betrayed her. "I know you don't care," she was saying, "I don't know why I'm even surprised." She was talking more to herself than to him, now."Miss Granger…" he began again, but she would have none of it."Don't. Please, just don't. I have to go." She grabbed her parchment and stumbled around the chair, heading toward the door. "I have to go," she repeated, reaching for the doorknob, and Severus knew that this was a turning point. He could either ask her to stay—to forgive him, to listen to him, to trust him again—or he could allow her to leave and accept the fact that she was not meant to believe in him. After all, she needed to know that he was not the hero in this story.The door closed behind her and Severus let his head fall into his hands. He had never learned how to deal with women. And now he realized that he had hurt the only person who really mattered to him. Again.









Chapter 20





Chapter Text
Severus pinched the bridge of his nose. A headache was forming from all of this tension, but it couldn't be helped. In a matter of minutes, he would begin another Defense class with the 7th year Slytherins and Gryffindors. And that meant Granger. He hadn't seen her since the night before when she had stormed out of his office in a rage. And it was now painfully clear that he should have told her about the prophecy earlier. He kicked himself for letting Albus beat him to the punch. Damn that meddling old man!Swinging the door open, he allowed the students to pass him into the room. Granger did not deign to glance in his direction. So that's how it's going to be? he thought. Fine. That is a game I know well. He refused to be angered by her coldness. It was enough that she had the power to stir such raw emotions in him; very few people had that power. He certainly wasn't going to let her see it.As the students were seated, he watched the redheaded oaf of the Trio lean over to whisper in the girl's ear. Despite his resolve not to be affected, this caused a surge of fury to grow inside of him, simmering right beneath the surface."Pair up!" he growled, pushing the desks to the back a bit too forcefully and watching the pathetic class of idiots crawl over each other to free themselves from the jumble. "No," he stopped them dead in their tracks with the deep growl. "This time, I will choose your partners."Morbid satisfaction festered inside of him as he watched his Slytherins battling the Gryffindors. This time, he had paired Draco with Weasley. Somehow, the redhead had fallen in his regard to become the most hated of the Trio. After all, he had her. Soon, Weasley was practically running away from his godson, and Severus sneered in angry gratification. His eyes swept to Granger where she was paired with Miss Parkinson and his chest swelled with a mixture of strong emotions at the sight. The insufferable chit was throwing jinxes like they were going out of style, unleashing all of the fury that Severus knew she had been suppressing for far too long. Parkinson was clearly losing, but remained determined. He stepped closer to the girls, ready to stop the duel if it grew out of control."Bloody hell, Granger, he should keep you on a leash!" Parkinson shouted and several of the other Slytherins in the room were subsequently hit with spells from their partners as they froze in shock at her words. Granger's eyes lit up with a wild rage as she redoubled her efforts to destroy the other girl."Stop," Severus commanded, afraid that someone really would do damage soon. But as the girl's hands fell straight to her side, those cinnamon eyes locked onto his and in their depths he could see such fiery contempt that he almost took a step backwards. Then tears began to spill across her delicate cheeks and she turned and ran from the room. Severus did not call her back, choosing instead to raise an eyebrow at her retreating form, glancing around the classroom as if to include them in the joke. "Gryffindors," he growled as he twisted his features into a horrible sneer. "Never considering the consequences of their actions."Hermione ran through the castle as fast as she could, before anyone could catch up to her and force her to return to class. Without even glancing behind her, she ran toward the one place she knew would keep her safe: the Room of Requirement. It was not until she was safely confined within its walls that she allowed herself to breathe. Sinking to the ground against the door, she let her head fall between her knees and wept. I have no control, she thought. I am only a pawn in their game. Except, that wasn't true. If the prophecy was to be believed, she was a vital part of this upcoming war. And the pressure of that was staggering. Her heart pounded in her chest. I cannot bear that responsibility alone. But who could she tell?No, she told herself, raising her head in determination. I am strong. I will take matters into my own hands. And Dumbledore and Snape can go bugger themselves.Reaching into her bag, she withdrew the piece of parchment on which she had written the prophecy. She stared down at it, focusing on each little bit individually. "The dark lord now holds the key to his own demise," she whispered. That was when I was being tortured. The first time, she amended. That would seem to make me the key. "The one who has been taken will be released, but free no more." That is definitely me, which begs the question of whether or not the 'key' is as well. "He who holds her chains shall have the key." Well that's Snape. What does he have that I would have had when I was with the dark lord? Unless it really is me. "Unlock Victory and she shall be free." So this key unlocks victory. Unlocking victory is the key to the dark lord's demise. And that frees me. It's just a circle. But what does it mean?Well, it certainly meant one thing, she realized. She and Snape were in this together, whether they liked it or not. Hermione let her head fall back against the wall behind her. Oh gods, what the bloody hell am I supposed to do?Hermione withdrew Snape's Incantation text. She couldn't help the feeling that everything she had been studying was somehow important. And she was determined to create this spell. According to the text, wand movement for a spell encompassing a large space should be broad and raised high, even above the head. But every attempt she had made so far was completely futile. It wasn't that anything had gone wrong, exactly. It was, very simply, that nothing was happening at all.Finally she was forced to give up for the time being, slamming her book shut in anger and wiping tears of frustration from her face. She was determined. She would find a way."Severus!" called the voice of Lucius Malfoy as the dark professor made his way toward the blond. He had been surprised to be invited so soon after requesting a meeting, but then, his old friend was in desperate need of company. Playing host to the dark lord was draining Lucius of his youthful energy. The weary way he walked was proof enough of that. "It's wonderful to see you, old friend.""Thank you for responding so promptly," Severus replied."I am always eager for a visit with a good friend." Lucius smiled elegantly, but it did not quite reach his eyes. "Please, join me in the study." They settled themselves before a familiar fireplace in the exquisite Malfoy study. So much of Severus's life had taken place under this roof, he reflected. He accepted a glass of brandy with a polite nod and toasted to the dark lord, as was customary."You look tired, Lucius," Severus observed. The blond man sighed wearily and warded the doors."It is a great honor to give my home to the Greater Cause, but I admit it does grow tiresome.""You are unable to leave your work at work, so-to-speak." Lucius grunted in the affirmative. "As a professor, I know what a burden that can be." He hesitated. "Of course, the devil in residence there is a bit less… threatening." Lucius sighed deeply, relaxing a bit with the openness of the conversation."Narcissa feels it too," he admitted. "We have been quarreling." Severus took a sip of his drink, a signal that he was listening. "She keeps begging me to return to the way we were. Before. But what can I do? And I love Narcissa, but I can't just…" he groaned in frustration, taking a swig of brandy. "She won't sleep with me." Lucius was pouting, which Severus knew was his response to powerlessness."That must be very difficult for you," he comforted. Lucius lived for sympathizers."It's one thing for her to be angry, but I know she won't leave me. And one day, I know that things will be better. But right now, with all of the stress and worries, I really just want some relief. And you know I cannot be unfaithful." The Malfoys were one of the few pureblood couples traditional enough to choose such a strict marriage contract. "There are only so many times a man can watch artless sex and still enjoy it. I'm bored with the revels." His eyes came up to meet Severus's. "Of course, I did enjoy your little show. But then, you are far more refined than the rest of that filth." Severus took a long sip of his drink; his eyes on Lucius. There was no way Lucius could persuade him to bring Granger to another revel. Albus would just have to find another way if that was the price. "I know how you feel about the revels, Severus. But what if you were to bring the girl here? Just the three of us? I promise not to touch.""No." His answer was definite. He would not be swayed."Come now, Severus. What difference would it make?" Severus considered this, his mind searching desperately."The girl is far more… responsive… without an audience," he replied. "I do not enjoy fucking her when she is… distracted." Lucius nodded solemnly. He understood. After all, as Severus was very aware, Narcissa Black had been very much the same way."Surely there must be something you want, Severus. Or else, why did you come here?" So that was how it was going to be."It is nothing of particular importance or urgency," he drawled evenly in a bored tone. Lucius may have taught him the art of subtlety, but Severus had perfected it. "I merely wanted to inquire about your influence in the Ministry; in particular, the Department of Magical Transportation.""Did you?" Lucius smirked. "And what interest do you have in that department?" Severus hesitated."Suffice to say that I am working on a little project and access to that department would be rather… convenient.""Full access could be easily arranged," the blond man sneered, "if you have something to offer me in return." Severus kept his eyes trained on the pale wizard. Lucius was very stubborn. He would not relent, and Severus would have no choice."What can I offer you, Lucius?" he asked, knowing full well what the answer would be."Oh, I think you know, Severus." The dark wizard sipped at his brandy, considering his friend. "Come now, Severus. I am a desperate man. You needn't even bring her here, if you are concerned about upsetting her. Charm a mirror on your wall and she will never have to know." Check. Severus downed his glass and stood to leave."I will consider it," he replied.It was Friday night in the Gryffindor Common Room and all around the sounds of games and laughing filled the air. But over in one corner, four students were sulking, oblivious to the happy atmosphere surrounding them. Ginny rubbed Harry's shoulders as he launched into another round of Snape-hating. The incident in class that morning had really set him off."He's only getting worse!" he growled, careful to keep his voice low, conspiratorial. "I can't believe Dumbledore actually let him teach Defense! I don't care if there wasn't anybody else who could do it. Anybody would've been better than that git! And this is the year we need to practice the most! I'm telling you, Voldemort probably made sure there were no other candidates, so Snape had to be chosen. Now he's going to make sure we don't learn anything so that when the war begins, we'll all be defenseless."Hermione pulled herself away from her Incantation text to glare at the boy. "Harry, Snape is Dumbledore's man. And he's far more experienced fighting Death Eaters than any of us. Really, we couldn't have hoped for a better Defense teacher…""Then why has Dumbledore refused to give him the position for 16 years!?" Hermione huffed."Well, perhaps he couldn't find an adequate Potions teacher. Or maybe the position really is cursed and he couldn't afford to lose Snape.""Oh sure, and that's suddenly changed this year?" Hermione blinked at the boy. He could have a point. If the position was cursed, as everyone believed it was, giving Snape the position would mean that Dumbledore had accepted that he might not make it to the end of the year. Her chest tightened at that thought, but she was soon brought back to the present by Harry's voice. "And anyway, if Dumbledore really had a good reason to trust Snape, he ought to at least tell us. I mean I'm the Chosen One, for Merlin's sake! Everything is resting on my shoulders! Not Dumbledore's, not Snape's; mine. So I ought to know a bit more about what's going on!"Anger surged through Hermione at these words. The boy didn't know what he was talking about. "Harry," she began in a stern tone, "there are a lot of people involved in this war. It isn't just you. Professor Snape risks his life all the time for the Order. And I'm sure Dumbledore knows what he's doing. After all, he's considered one of the most brilliant wizards of our time. He's the only one Voldemort is afraid of. So, I think he knows a bit more about it than you do.""Well then why doesn't he tell me!?" the boy whined."Oh, I don't know, Harry! Maybe it's because it isn't all about you! Maybe it's because you won't even try to learn Occlumency! Maybe it's because if Voldemort ever saw into your mind, he'd already know enough to incriminate Professor Snape, and Dumbledore doesn't want you to know any more sensitive information until you know how to keep it a secret!" The other three gazed down at Hermione in horror. Though her tone had been hushed, the vitriol in her voice had been caustic, and they looked a little afraid. "Aghh!" she growled angrily before stuffing her books back into her bag and heading toward the Portrait Hole. She needed to leave before she said anything she wasn't supposed to.Hermione stalked the halls angrily as she considered her position. It wasn't her fault she was all alone. She had been caged in. All of the Slytherins knew her secrets and were able to use them against her, but she couldn't even turn to her own friends for comfort because if Voldemort ever found out that Harry knew she was supposed to be a spy, she and Professor Snape would both be killed. "BAH!" she cried, throwing her hands in the air in frustration. And then, she didn't even know everything about her own situation. They hadn't bothered to tell her about the prophecy, so what else didn't she know? Well, there was only one man who could answer those questions, and she wouldn't let her fear stop her from confronting him.Severus paced the length of his office. He knew Albus was waiting for an answer, but he couldn't bring himself to go behind Granger's back like that. Not right now. I should talk to her first, he thought. Albus be damned. But did that mean that he was allowing his own emotions to cloud his judgment? Was he getting soft?There was a knock at his door. Well, actually, it was more like a banging. That could only be one person, and Severus wondered if perhaps it was a sign. "Come in," he called and the door was yanked open to reveal one very angry Hermione Granger. He raised an eyebrow. "Yes, Miss Granger?" The door slammed behind her as she strode toward him."You're a right git, you know that?" Severus did not respond. "You have effectively cut me off from everyone! All of your Slytherins know about us and you only goad them on! Whose side are you on, anyway!?" Severus started to answer, but she cut him off. "And then, when you've made me a complete fool in front of a bunch of students who have already seen me humiliated, I can't even talk to my friends about it! Now you throw this prophecy into the mix, adding a huge burden onto my shoulders that I never even knew about because you couldn't find the time! Well I'm sick of being a pawn in this game! If that prophecy is true, I'm a hell of a lot more important than that, and I deserve to be treated that way! And what's more, you're supposed to be on my team! We're supposed to work together! But you're too busy flattering the bloody Slytherins and attacking my friends! And Ron! You can stop trying to kill him because I AM NOT IN LOVE WITH THAT REHEADED TWIT!"She was panting, her hair frizzed, her cheeks red, her eyes lit with fire. She was beautiful. "The memory you saw…," she continued in a softer voice, "That was from the night I was drunk. You asked me who I was running from. It was him." Severus was frozen to the spot. Could it be true? She didn't care about the boy? He was afraid to believe her. And also, she had hit on a harsh truth that he hadn't wanted to admit: he was jealous of the boy. How was he supposed to respond to that without admitting that he had feelings for her?"Why are you telling me this, Granger?" She sighed in exasperation and glared up at him."We're a team, Professor. Whether we like it or not. We shouldn't keep secrets from each other." That answer rather unnerved him. She wanted him to confide in her. For too long he had balanced on the edge of truth and lies between two masters. And now, a third person demanded that he keep no secrets. But Granger wasn't threatening. She wasn't demanding. She was only asking. And, he realized with a jolt, she was giving him her trust again, albeit grudgingly. He cleared his throat."Miss Granger, I have thought a lot about... this… since I saw you last night. And I realize now that I should have told you about the prophecy much earlier. I—" he wasn't sure what else to say, "I will endeavor to inform you of any new developments that pertain to us." At that pronouncement, the anger in her face faded away and tears began to form in her eyes. She brought her hands up to her face, furiously attempting to stop the flow of tears, and he heard her sob."I'm sorry," she muttered, regaining a bit of her composure. "I just—I've just felt so alone." Unsure how to respond to that, Severus cleared his throat."As it happens," he began hesitantly, "There has been a new development." The girl's eyes grew wide and he gestured for her to sit before taking his own seat behind the desk. "I have been to see Lucius," he admitted. The color seemed to drain out of her complexion at that. "I suppose you remember the Headmaster's request?" She nodded and he swallowed before continuing. "I have not been to see Albus, but I thought it would be better to speak to you about this first. As—" he hesitated, monitoring her reactions. "As it pertains to you.""What does he want?" she asked, and her voice was breathless with fear. More than anything, he wanted to shield her from it all; the war, the Death Eaters, Albus. But he could not. They were in a war, and she was an important part of it. He sighed in resignation."Lucius is a complex man. His priorities are not always easy to understand.""Just tell me, Professor," she pleaded. His brow furrowed, but he replied."He wants… to watch." She frowned. "Us," he clarified, and he could see the comprehension dawning in her delicate features. Her breathing was coming faster and her knuckles were white where her hands grasped her knees. Severus feared she might begin to cry again. "It would not be like the other times. We would remain here, at the castle. Lucius would only see through means of a mirror.""Why?" she whimpered."Lucius and his wife have been fighting. He is bound by their marriage contract not to be unfaithful to her, but he continually seeks new ways of… satisfying himself." A small sound somewhere between a hiccup and a laugh emitted from her at this."No. I mean why would you use a mirror?" Severus blinked, feeling a dull heat begin to creep up his neck from embarrassment."Oh, well mirrors make for powerful magical objects." He cleared his throat. "That is, with a charm similar to the Protean charm on our rings, I can make one mirror show what another reflects." The girl's curiosity was inexplicably piqued at this. Of course. For Granger, knowledge would always win out over anything else."Fascinating. Why do you say that mirrors make for powerful magical objects?" she said, ripping a bit of parchment from her bag and boldly reaching for his quill. He quirked a lip at that."Well, I suppose it's because they are made from silver. Silver has always been known for its power. Even muggles have recognized its antimicrobial properties. They've used it to purify water and cleanse wounds for centuries. Close your mouth, Granger. You look like a dying fish." The girl was gaping up at him in disbelief, and he was sure he hadn't said anything that spectacular."Silver was used to heal wounds?""Well, cleanse, yes. Why?" Suddenly the girl was scribbling furiously at her parchment and Severus's curiosity was piqued. "Miss Granger, is there something you aren't telling me?""Hmm? Oh, it's nothing, Professor. Just some research I've been working on." Then her head snapped up. "I'm not having any luck with my new spell," she admitted. He raised an eyebrow in disdain. "Do you think…" she began hesitantly. "That is, do you think… maybe… that you could help me with it?" He hesitated."I will consider it," he answered finally. Her face lit up in a beautiful smile and he reacted in several confusing ways at once. It was wonderful to see her recovering, but it made him uncomfortable when she looked at him like that. And at the same time, it caused a fire deep inside of him. The kind of fire that made him want to take her into his chambers right now."Thank you, Professor," she replied cheerfully, standing to leave. She was halfway to the door when he called her back."Granger," he barked. She turned her trusting eyes to his. "I was not planning to talk to the Headmaster until I received an answer from you." Her smile fell and her expression became serious. It pained him to see her brought down. "If you decide not to go along with Lucius's request, I will tell the Headmaster that he must find another way." The girl smiled a bit at that."May I think about it?" she asked. The look in her eyes was so hopeful; so full of life and energy. He had not seen that in her eyes in far too long."Yes, Granger, you may."Hermione stared up at the ceiling above her four-poster bed, deep in contemplation. Long gone were thoughts of silver and wounds and Albedo. For the moment, she thought only of her professor. In his presence, she always felt so safe and comforted. Could I sleep with him again? For the Greater Cause? It was her duty, she supposed. She sighed. Her experiences so far had been traumatic, certainly. And yet, seeing the harsher side of him lately made her realize just how gentle he had been toward her then. By Snape standards, he'd been positively sweet.She closed her eyes. Does he want to sleep with me? It was a silly question to be asking herself, really. This was war, and they were just doing what they needed to do, after all. And yet, it stirred a heat inside of her to think that he might want to do it again. She remembered the way his eyes had travelled down her body, taking in every curve with a greedy stare. A tiny moan escaped her lips at the thought.Then she pictured him above her, moving against her, the dark lust evident in his inky gaze. It made her heartbeat hasten and her breathing become shallow and slow. Her back arched against the mattress as she remembered the way he had growled when he came inside of her. Just after whispering 'Forgive me.' Forgive him for what? It wasn't his fault, after all. And yet, he clearly felt guilty. Could that be because he secretly wanted it? She gasped as the thought made something tighten deep inside of her. She was tense in a relaxed way as she imagined the way her professor's hands had travelled across her body. Would he do that to her again? Did he want to? Does he think about it when he's alone? She groaned aloud. Merlin, she realized, I do want to.All the way on the other side of the castle, deep in the dungeons beside the Black Lake, Severus Snape stretched out between his sheets. Soon, he thought, she might be here beside me. A graceful hand snaked down beneath the bedsheets to relieve the mounting tension there. She had not seemed so afraid, he realized, when he had asked her for her answer. Perhaps… maybe… she could even enjoy it.He closed his eyes, picturing that smile upon her lips; those full, red lips. He wondered what they would taste like; how they would feel against his own mouth. Would she let me kiss her?Severus knew that if she agreed, she would go along with anything he wanted her to do. Even if she was not compelled.He thought of the feel of her wild, beautiful hair between his fingers. How he longed to press his face into those curls, deep inside of her. Her firm, full breasts; soft beneath his palm; the skin pulled taught by her rosy, little nipples. And how would those little buds feel against his tongue? Would she cry out in pleasure at his touch? Severus groaned to think that she might.He pictured the admiration in her eyes, her shoulders bare, her hair mussed with sleep. How desperate he was to see it mussed with his lovemaking instead. This time, he would have an excuse. Lucius was an aesthetic; a sensualist. And Severus would give him exactly what he wanted. If she agrees.If she agreed, he would press his body against hers. He would kiss her neck and cup her breast and tease her with his aching member long before he allowed himself to enter her. And when he finally did, she would be so wet. Severus was pumping his hand enthusiastically along the throbbing length of his erection. He was so close. He pictured the way she would come to him, in a nightgown. And he would thrust her into the mattress until she cried out with pleasure. Then, and only then, would he find his own release. In his mind, he replayed the memory of that little smile she had given him that very first time, the way she had brushed his hair from his face, the lust he had seen in her eyes. And he came with a primal groan as wave after wave rushed through his body. And as he came down, he remembered the image of himself in her memory and the emotions she had felt. Affection. And he relaxed into the sheets as a small smile spread across his face.
She doesn't love him.










Chapter 21





Chapter Text
Hermione kept glancing up to the Head Table during breakfast the next morning. A certain Defense Professor was watching the hall like some sort of dark guardian. She wasn't sure when or how it had happened, but somewhere between being forced to sleep with Snape and having him save her life repeatedly, she had developed a strange attraction to the man. She had read before that a woman can develop an emotional bond to a man purely because of the hormones involved in sexual intercourse, but she wasn't sure that was the case here. Part of it was certainly the fact that he was the only one she could turn to, and his presence, therefore, brought her a measure of comfort. But that wasn't all.Spending time with someone as intellectual as herself was a novel experience for Hermione, and she greatly admired her professor for his intelligence and dedication to the Cause. He was powerful and intense and overwhelming in a way that challenged her to react; to show that she was not afraid. And part of it was just that she had never thought of Professor Snape, the 'Bat of the Dungeons,' the 'Greasy Git,' as anything more than a grumpy teacher. But she had seen a side of him, a tenderness as well as a need, that no one else had seen. And the more she saw, the more she craved.When her professor swept from the hall a little while later, she found herself compelled to follow him, shouting back to the boys that she would meet them on the Quidditch pitch. "Professor!" she called when she reached the Entrance Hall and saw him heading toward the dungeons. He spun around, his robes billowing around him, and fixed a harsh scowl on his face at the sight of her. But Hermione wasn't discouraged. She knew it was only an act. "I just wanted to tell you," she continued in a lower voice when she was close enough for him to hear, "that I have decided to go along with what you asked." Her professor did not move, nor was there any discernible change in his appearance, but the darkness in his eyes seemed to suddenly overwhelm her. A fire traced across her skin and down her spine and through her core until she felt a familiar tightness low in her belly."Very well," he said simply, his voice a deep growl that reverberated deep inside of her. And with that, he left her in a billow of dark robes. She stood there for a moment, frozen in place, her cheeks hot in a pleasant way. When she moved, she had to shake out the sudden stiffness in her joints. And she was deep in thought as she headed to the Quidditch field.The tryouts were a blur of flying Gryffindors and half-hearted cheers. Harry was still mad at her, so she wanted to make it up to him, but Quidditch had never held any interest for her. Of course she wanted her friends to make the team, but was there really any question of that? Now that Ron had found his confidence, there was no stopping him from stopping the Quaffle. And Ginny was a shoe-in.When it was all over, the four friends decided to make the best of the beautiful day and head down to the lake. Harry still wasn't making eye contact with her. "Harry," she began finally, "Please don't be this way. I'm really really sorry for yelling at you last night. I've just… had a really rough time and… I just… was upset is all. I shouldn't have taken it out on you." The dark-haired boy considered her for a moment. The fact that she had been right hung in the air between them, but Harry's wounded pride had been assuaged and she knew that he had taken her seriously. There was no need for them to fight. So she watched a small smile spread across the boy's face."It's alright, Hermione. I guess I was being a bit of a prat." She smiled back at him, letting her relief out in one swift breath. Then Ron threw an arm over each of their shoulders and they continued down toward the Black Lake. The sun beat down upon them as they stretched out on the grass and for a moment, it was as if everything was right with the world.A little ways from the Golden Trio, where the lake touched the castle, behind a wall of ivy that draped into the water to hide the dock where the little boats were kept, stood Severus Snape. This was his apparition point; a place that no one ever seemed to remember, despite the fact that all students were brought here on the little boats when they came to the castle their very first year. From his vantage point beside the wall, he could see through the ivy; could watch Potter and his little gang as they frolicked happily beside the water. And there was Granger, sitting closest to him. From here he could see the carefree smile touching her supple lips as Weasley whispered in her ear. It had not occurred to him to doubt her assertion that she did not care for the boy because she didn't seem to have any reason to lie about that. And yet, watching her now, he was not so sure.Either way, he would have her tonight. Lucius had been insistent that there could be no excuse on a Saturday. "And Severus," he had warned, "It better be good." Oh, it will be, the dark wizard thought. I'll make sure of that. Withdrawing his wand, Severus removed the Disillusionment Charm from the ring on his finger and carved a message into the gold.Hermione felt a sudden warmth around the second-to-last finger of her right hand and ripped her hand away before remembering the ring. Luckily, the boys were completely oblivious to this blunder and she stealthily withdrew her wand. Holding it in her left hand felt awkward and she suddenly realized why Snape had put his on his left. Hesitantly, she switched her own to the left hand as well, before removing the Disillusionment. 10 PM Tonight, it said and she felt a sudden surge of nervous excitement.Severus watched the girl's face as she read his message. The alarm was apparent, but it was not alone. A blush tinged her cheeks and a secret smile graced her lips; a smile he had seen before. It sent a pang of longing through his body and Severus had half a mind to call her to his rooms right now. But then Granger was standing, saying something to her friends, and hurrying toward the castle. Hope welled up inside of him before he could suppress it. Was she running to talk to him? Don't be ridiculous. There are a thousand other explanations. And as Severus headed down a passageway so secret that not even the Weasley Twins knew about it, he forced himself to walk slowly. There would be no one waiting for him when he returned to his office.And yet, after following the trail to where it ended inside his bedroom, and slipping through his chambers to enter his office, he was still a bit disappointed to find that his wards had not been touched. No one had been to see if he was in. Severus quelled the little knot of emotion inside of him with a bout of self-loathing. Miserable fool! Pining after schoolgirls! Pathetic.And then there was a knock, and he couldn't help the flair of elation in his chest as he sat behind his desk and beckoned for the visitor to enter. Despite himself, he felt another throb of his heart when the face of Hermione Granger appeared in his doorway. Ridiculous fool! "Good afternoon, Miss Granger." She beamed up at him and Severus had to swallow. When was the last time someone looked at him like that?"Good afternoon, Professor," the girl chimed as she boldly seated herself in the chair before his desk. He raised an eyebrow at her. "I know you're probably busy, but I was wondering if you had an answer for me. About the spell I'm creating." He leaned back in his chair, considering her."Very well, Granger. Why don't you show me what you have so far." There was that damnable smile again. She pulled out his Incantation text and some parchment and set her bag aside."Well, what I'm hoping to do is create a spell that will point out any books in a room that contain a particular word.""And how will it do that?" She wrinkled her brow."Well… that's what I'm… I mean I know it's possible to create a spell that fills a large space like that…""No, Granger. How will this spell mark the books?""Oh, well, I'm not really sure, I—""You have to know, Granger. You have to be able to picture exactly what is going to happen." She blinked at him. "May I make a suggestion?" She nodded, wide-eyed. "If I were you, I would create a spell that would cause the tip of my wand to glow when it passed a book that contained a particular word. That way, it wouldn't get in everyone else's way if you were in a library doing research—as Merlin knows you always are." She blinked up at him before turning to scribble furiously on her parchment. "Do you have an Incantation chosen?""Yes, sir. Quaero Verbum. It means…""'I search for a word.' Yes. But it is far more effective when the Incantation is in the form of a command. Can you think of a command that would suit your Intent?" He watched as the girl closed her eyes, her brow wrinkling."Like, perhaps 'show me the word'?" she asked. "That is, if I were to ask the books to reveal the word in its context on their spines, or glowing in the air before them? Like a muggle internet search?""I think you're onto something, Granger," he praised. She smiled brilliantly up at him."How would I say that?""Well, that would depend on whether you wish to direct the command to the wand or to the books. Latin commands differ in their singular and plural forms. If you wished to command the books, you would say 'ostendite verbum,' and if you wished to command the wand—which I think may be more suited to your Intent—you would say 'ostende verbum,' which sounds more fluid to me anyway.""Ostende verbum," she whispered, and he was secretly pleased that she had taken his suggestion without a second thought. "I will have to completely change the wand movements," she added as an afterthought. He smirked at her. Immediately, the large tome flew open as she riffled through the pages, searching for the correct entry. "A spell directed at one's own wand typically requires a little flick," she murmured. "But this one is more complex and has a longer Incantation. Perhaps a steady side-to-side motion? As if in search?" She was not exactly asking him, but he answered anyway."You will need to reread that section before you decide. Also, spell creation requires a long period of meditation. Before you can test it, you have to spend a long time blending the Three in your mind. Concentrate on your Intent. Say the words in your mind until they mean the same to you. And imagine the way your wand will move. You can even move your empty hand as if it were your wand, if you find that that aids in your concentration. Do this and return here tomorrow. We will practice then.""Thank you, Professor," Hermione murmured, smiling up at him.She had begun gathering her things in preparation to leave when Snape cleared his throat. "Miss Granger, I thought we ought to discuss… our plans for tonight." Her eyes grew wide and she sat back down, focusing her attention on her professor as heat spread across the surface of her skin. "I don't want to go in blind, like last time." Hermione turned pink and nodded vehemently. He cleared his throat again, obviously avoiding her gaze. "First of all, you will need to pretend that no one is watching. And also…" he hesitated. "When I was attempting to dissuade Lucius of his request, I—I did so by explaining that I… didn't like it when you were nervous. I… may have… given him the impression… that you are more… responsive…when we are alone."Hermione blushed as her entire body seemed to tighten around that idea. Heat pulsed from deep inside of her and she nodded bravely, unsure exactly what that would entail. "I have already placed the Charm on a large mirror that hangs above my dresser," he continued. "I can turn it on and off, if you will, at any time. He will be able to see, but not hear. I will attempt not to issue commands, but I might give the illusion of doing so." Hermione nodded, not wanting to trust her voice. The last thing she needed was for him to know how his words were affecting her. "Do you have any questions?""No, sir," she managed."Good. Then I will call you at ten. Make sure you are alone.""I will," she assured him as she stood to leave."And Granger?" he called back before she reached the door. She turned to look at him and his eyes were dark with intensity. His velvet baritone resonated low inside of her, stirring the fire within. "Wear that nightgown."Severus paced the length of his room again; his robes still billowing around him. Should I undress? he wondered. The girl would be in a nightgown; he needn't bare himself entirely. But he probably shouldn't have his robes on, either. He removed the black garment and studied his reflection in the mirror. And then he decided to absolutely avoid looking at the mirror at all costs. Granger must be completely repulsed by me. What am I thinking? He paused a minute before removing his frock coat and dragon-hide boots.A glance at the clock on the wall told Severus that it was nearly ten. Oh, Merlin. Anxiety warred with excitement and Severus wasn't sure which emotion was stronger. Breathe, he told himself. Closing his eyes, he thought of the way the girl had smiled at him today—vivid, happy, sincere. She might not be keen on sleeping with him—yet, he clarified with a smirk—but somehow she had grown to like him. It was a strange concept, to be sure, but Severus was certain that it was, nevertheless, true. He turned toward the clock. Five minutes. A knot of anticipation tightened in his throat as he climbed onto the bed, sitting against the headboard and leaning against his knees. Should I pull down the duvet? He waited a moment before deciding that that would indeed be better, and removed the heavy coverlet before returning to his place against the pillows. Two minutes.At precisely 10 o'clock PM, Severus activated the Charm on the mirror and brought the tip of his wand to the skin of his left arm.Hermione had been shut away inside her four-poster bed for ten minutes, feeling rather foolish as she sat against the headboard in her flimsy nightgown. 9:58. Suddenly the anxious nervousness she had been suppressing flooded Hermione's senses. Oh, Merlin. She wasn't even worried about Lucius Malfoy watching through a mirror. After everything she had been through, that was nothing. But the thought of him touching her again sent shivers down her spine. Oh, gods. Over everything else, she just didn't want to make a fool of herself. She wanted to please him.9:59. Oh dear bloody sodding Merlin. Any minute now. She watched as the seconds on the clock ticked away, conscious of the fact that her clock could easily be set differently from his. The second hand inched closer and closer to the twelve. Three, two, one… And then it was past, heading toward the five. And she felt her stomach drop in disappointment just in time for the familiar tug to yank her from her four-poster.When she landed—with a squeal—she was in the same position she had been, sitting on a mattress. An extra set of legs stretched out on either side of her. And her pulse began to race as an arm snaked around her waist and pulled her back against him. Oh, Merlin. This was Professor Snape; a powerful wizard; a man with a dark past; a brilliant Potions Master. And there was so much more to him that he would probably never share with her. But at the moment, she was the focus of his attention."Very good, Miss Granger," he purred. Her heart leapt in her chest and her blood stirred with a carnal fire that she had never known before this man. His right hand splayed across her stomach as the other came up to clutch her chin. He gently turned her face towards him, forcing her eyes to meet his. Those intense, black eyes.Severus was unsure where to start. Her mere presence between his legs was enough to make him strain against the fabric of his trousers. He lifted her face to his, looking down into her worried, cinnamon eyes. She didn't know what to do. But she trusted him to do it. A surge of possessiveness swept over him; primal; hungry. Mine, he thought. And technically, that was true. She was his. Slowly, the hand cupping her cheek swept down her pale neck; the neck of a swan. He paused to run a thumb over her pulse, reveling in the trust she showed to allow his hand to circle her throat.Then his hand drifted further south, running along the exposed collarbone with a gentle touch before dipping to cover her breast. He bit back a groan. Though he had fondled her before, he had never had the chance to enjoy it. Now, as he cupped her through the sheer material, he watched her face lose concentration. Those eyes fluttered closed and her lips parted slightly. He throbbed painfully as he resisted the urge to roll over on top of her and press her hard into the sheets.As her professor's hand massaged her breast, Hermione felt a thrum of heady energy pulsing through her body. He likes the way I feel. Snape pinched her nipple and she cried out in shock and pleasure. The electric twinge it brought about was echoed between her legs. Then his other hand was travelling down, brushing over that sensitive place, across the folds of her nightgown, and down her legs. He reached the hem of the garment and pressed his palm to the hot surface of her skin.Severus molded his hand to the girl's sweet thigh, reveling in the sensation of smooth skin beneath his fingers. Slowly, teasingly, he pulled his hand up toward the junction of her legs. His fingers snaked down between her thighs to caress the tender skin he found there. She opened her legs wider for him, forcing a groan from his lips as he teased the seams of her little panties.She could feel his fingers sliding along the edge of the garment that separated them. It all seemed so completely forbidden; so deliciously wicked. She knew that he wanted to touch her there as much as she wanted him to. And as he slipped one forefinger past the boundary of her simple, cotton panties, she couldn't suppress a whimper of need. The fire inside of her was nearly unbearable and she could feel her professor's erection pressing into her back.His control was fighting him every step of the way as Severus traced the crease between her folds. Her little moan of pleasure was practically his undoing, but he was satisfied to merely grip her tighter and press his lips against her ear. He eased his way inside, running the length of her wet entrance before teasing the little nub he found hidden there. "Ohh!" she cried and he growled into her ear. Then his thumb continued to brush against her there as his fingers travelled south. Gently, carefully, he eased one inside of her. "Ohhhh!" she cried. "Oh, Merlin, Professor!" And it was all he could do to remain as he was and not take her then and there.He was making love to her with his hands. The soft, intimate pressure of his touch coiled knots of fire deep inside of her. But his rhythm was too slow; teasing her. Without even thinking about what she was doing, Hermione grabbed his hand and began to move against him, pressing her body against his fingers.When the chit began to buck beneath him, Severus couldn't stand it anymore. In one swift move, he flipped them over so that he was crushing her into the mattress, his fingers still sliding in and out of her. Her cry of surprise became a throaty moan as he pressed against her. Severus lifted her nightgown above her waist, bringing a hand to her pretty arse and pressing hard against her. Through his trousers, his member nestled between her cheeks as he thrust against her. His mouth came to her neck and he brushed against the tender skin there, tasting the salt of her sweat."Please Professor," she cried. His weight was crushing her into the mattress and it made a heavy ache form between her legs. And she knew only he could relieve her. He pulled away from her just then and she turned to see him sitting against the headboard, panting."Come," he beckoned. It was a command, but she grinned as she complied, straddling his lap and looking into those dark eyes. He was so close. She could see into the inky blackness, where there was fire. This man, she thought. This man is incredible. And he wants you. She groaned and moved against him, seeking to relieve that ache he had created. His hands came up to grasp her hips and he slowly lifted the nightgown over her head.She was a wild temptress in his mind. That wild mane of hair, her cinnamon eyes shining with fire, swollen lips parted in desperation, her complexion flushed. His eyes raked over her body and her passion only grew as she watched him. Severus sunk down against the bed, reaching up to grasp her pert breasts, rubbing his thumbs over her nipples. She threw her head back in a primal moan and Severus could feel himself pulsing with need. In one sweep of his hand, her panties were gone and he had his first glimpse of her shyness.Hermione felt so exposed sitting astride her professor completely nude while he was still fully dressed. Inspired, she boldly snuck her hands down to his shirt and began to unbutton it. He allowed it, his eyes pressing closed against his need. Slowly, slowly she bared his torso to her eyes.It was only fair, he supposed, that he should undress too. But he felt so vulnerable, allowing her to scrutinize his scarred and imperfect flesh. But when his eyes met hers, he saw only desire, and his hands came up to twist in those curls, unconsciously pulling her down to him.He was pulling her down and she watched his mouth as she drew nearer. Does he want to kiss me? Hermione wasn't sure. But then his hands were gone from her hair and he sat up to press his torso against hers. Her nipples brushed against the thin, dark hairs of his chest and she wrapped her arms around his neck. His hands were tracing circles on her back and their faces seemed to hang in suspended animation inches away from each other. Her mind was made up and she looked into his eyes, showing him her resolve as she inched toward him.And suddenly her mouth was on his. And his lips were a lot softer than she had imagined. And he groaned deep in his throat, wrapping a hand in her hair and pressing ardently against her. Their lips brushed and slid over each other in a tantalizing dance that left her breathless for what was to come. When his tongue teased her lip, she opened her mouth to admit him, meeting his with her own soft tongue.Severus groaned. Her mouth was so sweet and so soft. He wanted to devour her completely until he was satiated. But he knew he never would be. Not when there was more of this to be had. And that was fine. He slid his tongue into her mouth, tasting her, caressing her, as she began to move against him once more. His hand snaked down between them, unbuttoning his trousers and she gasped in apparent arousal.When he was naked, the girl further surprised him by positioning herself so that his hard length pressed between her folds. She leaned over him, pressing against him with growing enthusiasm as his hands travelled across the surface of her skin.Hermione had never felt anything like this. She was compelled to move against him, unashamed of this animal side of her that was bursting forth. Her professor seemed to like it, and that was really all that mattered. The soft head of his stone-hard member was sliding against the little nub between her folds in just the right way and she panted as she rocked her body against his. A pressure was mounting inside of her with a fiery shock of electricity that gave her glimpses of the pleasure to come. For too long she had wanted this. Too long she had cared about this man; admired him; desired him. And now she was aware of just what that desire was.She caught his gaze, latching onto those dark orbs as he watched her. Then, his hands gripped her thighs and he thrust up against her. The movement so shocked and aroused her that she felt herself rising to the brink of this sensation. Her movements became quick and erratic and her hand came up to brush his jaw as she locked her watering eyes onto his and breached the cusp of the pressure inside of her. A wave of powerful pleasure crashed over her and she cried out with wanton abandon as surge after surge of intense sensation pulsed through her until even her toes were trembling with the strength of her release. And as tears traced down her cheeks, she pressed her lips passionately against his.It took all of Severus's control to wait for the waves of her orgasm to cease before rolling them over. He held her mouth hostage as they flipped, capturing her lips, pressing harder and deeper. And she allowed him with a moan. As he rubbed the tip of his aching cock between her folds, she gasped against him, tears rolling down her face. "Oh, yes, Professor!" she moaned desperately, rising to meet him eagerly. He didn't need any more encouragement. Pressing against her opening, he sheathed himself entirely inside of her with a deep groan of intense pleasure.He was beyond his own control, but she was writhing beneath him in agonized ecstasy and he found himself pressing harder and deeper inside of her. When her legs came up to wrap around his waist, he snapped. Wrapping his arms around her and pressing his face into her hair he pounded into her a few swift times before bursting inside of her, the tightness within him exploding in a fit of intense release as he pressed his mouth against the soft skin where her neck became her shoulder, muffling a coarse, irrepressible groan. Her arms came up around him as he panted against her neck and she pressed wet kisses to his forehead in a gesture of affection. He pulled himself up and met her eyes before brushing his lips against hers once again. And the soft wetness of their lovemaking made their kiss all the sweeter. Severus pulled away, brushing his mouth against her chest and each of her breasts before moving off of her.Hermione couldn't stop the tears. The other times, tears had been ripped from her by force. But this time, the tears were beautiful, like a light shower after a storm. They seemed to wring the last bit of tension and anxiety from her body, leaving her sated and exhausted. When her professor pulled away, Hermione felt the loss, but did not feel an absence. He was there beside her, and they had just made love. She turned onto her side, smiling at Snape's profile as he panted toward the ceiling. When his face turned to hers, she could not read his expression. But something told her that beneath the layer of pretend, she mattered to him.And she couldn't have asked for anything more.









Chapter 22





Chapter Text
Hermione gazed down at the sleeping man in bed beside her. After cancelling the Charm on the mirror, her professor had promptly fallen straight to sleep. His sated, exhausted visage was so peaceful—at odds with Snape's usual expressions—and she felt somehow that putting him to sleep was more of a victory than making him come. Victory. If only that were the victory that would free her of this curse. Although, she had to admit, her curse wasn't such a terrible thing at the moment.Hermione reluctantly tore her eyes from the face of her sleeping professor and looked around the room. She had not had much time to study her surroundings earlier. Other matters had been more… pressing. A tiny smile spread across her face as she took in the details of Snape's bedroom. The plain furniture, the lack of decorations, the rumpled duvet lying on the floor at the foot of the bed, and the entire wall behind the headboard was an enormous window. Odd. Perhaps his quarters were not in the dungeons after all. She wished she could see out the window to get an idea of where his chambers were, but it was so dark that all she could see was her own naked reflection.Finally, Hermione allowed herself to study the mirror over his dresser. She had avoided even the slightest glance at the object all night, but was drawn to it by morbid curiosity. From the vantage point of its silvery surface, Lucius Malfoy had been watching. It should have bothered her more than it did, but she only felt glad that this night had come about, no matter the means. An ache clenched at her heart as she turned back to her professor. How would he treat her tomorrow? What they had shared was life-altering. But then, he had enjoyed the other times as well, and had never treated her differently.Does he expect me to stay? Hermione bit her lip. If she stayed, the best case scenario would be that he held her close and whispered in her ear and maybe even repeated what they had just done. Not likely. The worst case scenario was that she would be humiliated. And also, she didn't have any clothes here, so whenever she did return to her dorm, it would be in a nightgown. And that would be a disaster. Sighing sadly, Hermione realized that she was being too hopeful. Snape was her professor. He didn't want to cuddle.So she gave herself a moment more, imprinting the image of his sleeping face permanently in her mind, before slipping her nightgown over her head and looking for the door.When Severus woke, morning light was already filtering into the room. For a moment, he was still, reveling in the sensation of waking well-rested for once. Then he remembered the night before and bolted up in the bed. The girl was gone, he realized. She must have left all alone after he had fallen asleep. He cringed. It wasn't like him to doze off so completely and unintentionally. But Granger had certainly worn him out. He groaned at the memory of her beautiful face twisted in ecstasy as she climaxed above him. And the way she had whimpered and begged him to enter her. Her legs wrapped around his waist as he pounded into her. And an orgasm so overwhelming that it left him breathless. He pressed his nose into the sheets, inhaling the sweet fragrance of Hermione. Already, he wanted her again.Sighing, Severus slipped out of the bed and began to prepare for the day. He was meeting Lucius at the ministry at nine. It seemed so ironic that he had enjoyed his end of the deal so much more than he would Lucius's. But it had to be done, and Severus was no stranger to fulfilling unappealing demands. And so, when he was dressed, he headed up to the cave and Disapparated."Ah, Severus!" Lucius smirked. "Punctual, as always." Severus suppressed a shudder of revulsion as the other man winked. "I must say, if that is what you have waiting for you when you leave our little parties, I don't blame you for abandoning us so early." The dark wizard only smirked in response. "Come," Lucius beckoned and the two men headed to the Department of Magical Transportation.Exiting the elevator, they stepped immediately into a large office space, housing a dozen or so cubicles. On either side were doors marked for specific sects of the Department, presumably leading to more offices. And in front of it all was one little desk and a portly man who seemed to withdraw from them as Lucius approached."Johnson," Lucius addressed the man."Er—it's uh—Thompson, sir.""Yes. Whatever. This is Professor Severus Snape. He's a good friend of mine, and I want you to take good care of him, do you understand?" The little man nodded enthusiastically. "Good. You give the Professor whatever he asks for." Then the blond man turned to his friend. "Severus, I have some business downstairs. I do hope you find what you are looking for." The dark wizard nodded to Lucius and turned back to the man. He had spoken with Albus, but the old goat didn't really know what he wanted to look into yet."I was hoping to have a word with the Portkey office," he drawled. Severus had learned long ago that his voice held all the authority he needed to make lesser men obey. Thompson immediately jumped up and led the dark professor through a door and down a hall, passing Lucius's instructions on to a rigid woman with a grey streak in her hair whom he called Louisa."How may I help you, Professor?" she inquired in a bored tone."I need a copy of your records for current Conditional Portkeys in Britain." He replied smoothly. She nodded and stood up, walking over to a large, black filing cabinet. Tapping her wand on the top, she pulled out the second drawer and rifled through the papers a moment before withdrawing a thick manila folder. She brought it to the desk and tapped her wand on it again to make a copy. Handing the duplicate to Severus, she returned the original to its drawer."Anything else?" she asked in the same dry tone. He hesitated."Not today. But I will be back." He nodded curtly before turning to leave. "Good day, Louisa," he growled.Hermione woke with a yawn, stretching beneath the soft red sheets of her four-poster bed. Profound contentment surrounded her like a haze as she blinked her eyes open to the new day. And images of the night before began to dance through her mind. Hermione's lips spread in a lazy smile as she remembered the way he had touched her, kissed her. Finally, after all this time, he kissed me! Hermione jumped up with excitement and ran on tiptoe to the bathroom for a shower.Scalding water poured over her skin in waves of awakening heat. She had never understood the desire for a hot shower before. But now, reveling in this new awareness of her body and the yearnings of her flesh, she welcomed the fire of the pounding torrent. In her mind, she could see her professor's eyes connecting with hers as she moved above him; the intensity of his gaze as she found her first orgasm against his skin. Hunger had been written plainly across his face and his eyes seemed to devour her. And then, the touch of his mouth on hers. Hermione moaned as she lathered soap across her aching flesh. How she wanted him to consume her with that mouth again. She could be lost in his caress and never care to surface.But he was her professor. And he would probably treat her as such today. She needed to prepare for that inevitable truth. It might hurt, after what they had shared, to be suddenly catapulted back to the roles of teacher and student. But it was unavoidable. After all, as much as she had relished her night with him, as clear as it was that he had enjoyed it too, and despite the tenderness of his touch that told her there was more to it than business, she could not allow herself to forget that ultimately it was all for the Greater Cause.There was a lot to do today. Hermione had not gotten any homework done the day before and would need to catch up immediately. But first, she planned to meditate some more. Yesterday, she had begun to follow Professor Snape's instructions in preparation for the first test of her new spell today. The Three certainly seemed to be embedded in her mind, if nothing else, and she was confident that they would be merged as one by the time she went to visit her professor. Ignoring the tingle of excitement that flashed through her at the thought of seeing him again, Hermione headed off for a bit of breakfast before shutting herself away in the Room of Requirement.Severus was grading a stack of third year papers when he heard a knock at his office door. Knowing who it must be, he steeled himself before responding."Enter," he called, and timidly the door began to open."Hello, Professor," she murmured meekly, obviously unsure how to act and more than a bit embarrassed."Miss Granger," he replied in greeting, not looking up from his work. There was a heavy pause."I've been working on my spell," she said."Oh?" he inquired, setting down his quill to look at her. And for a moment, it was hard to breathe. She was dressed in simple muggle attire, but that did not detract from the vision of an angel that she was to him. Her skin was radiant with a soft, pink glow and those cinnamon eyes seemed to sparkle with renewed vigor. Her hair was down in all its splendor. And those rosy lips were upturned in the simplest suggestion of a smile. If the circumstances were different, he'd take her on the desk right now."Yes," she was saying, "And I think it's ready. I really feel like it will work." Her excitement was barely contained and it reminded him of the excitement she had demonstrated the night before."Alright. Show me," he said. Then he arched his wand through the air several times to ward the room. "That should keep it safe." The girl hesitated."You want me to do it here? In your office?" He smirked down at her and lowered his voice to a dangerous growl."Did you have another place in mind?" He watched with satisfaction as the girl's eyes grew wide and a delicate flush spread across her pretty cheeks. Severus allowed his gaze to travel down that lovely neck to the rosy collarbone barely revealed by the neckline of her blouse. He remembered how that tender skin tasted; how she moaned as he opened his mouth against her throat."No—I don't know. I just don't want to break anything…""You are confident that this spell will work?" he smirked at the glimmer of arrogance in her eyes."Yes.""Well, my wards are very strong. If you are wrong."The girl stood from her chair, removing her wand and facing a bookshelf that contained some of his oldest books. But he was not worried. His wards would hold, even if this attempt was a failure. Although, he was fairly certain it would work. He knew that she was closing her eyes, focusing, repeating the words. Her knuckles were white around her wand and he could practically feel the magic building in the room. Just then, green flames burst from his fireplace and the Head of Albus Dumbledore appeared."Terribly sorry to bother you, Severus, but I was hoping you would come have a look at something. It won't take long." Severus growled impatiently but reluctantly agreed."Wait here," he told the girl. "I'll only be a moment."As he stepped through the flames into the Headmaster's office, Albus was already back at his desk, bending over the file from the Portkey Department. He gestured for Severus to come closer. The Defense Instructor complied; his gaze turning to the entry that the Headmaster indicated. His heart seemed to stop as he read the little, black name written in the middle of a list of objects. Hermione Granger.Hermione watched her professor disappear into the green flames and felt a rush of frustration. She had been just on the verge of attempting her spell. What atrocious timing! She paced the length of the office, anxiety beginning to rise up inside of her. Oh, what the hell. He had warded the room. What could possibly go wrong?As she stood before the bookshelf, saying the Incantation in her mind, concentrating on her Intent, and repeating the wand movements mentally, she remembered her promise to herself to search for Eileen Prince first. A flash of excitement shot through her and she opened her eyes. Swaying her wand from side-to-side like a muggle metal-detector, she pushed all of her concentration into the words. "Ostende verbum Eileen Prince!" And with a flick of her wand, the three books closest to the tip lit up. She jumped back in surprise, not expecting to find anything about the girl here of all places. She looked closer, and there, in front of each of the spines hovered the words "This book is the Property of Eileen Prince." Baffled, Hermione swept her wand across the length of the bookshelf, finding several more books with the same inscription. They appeared to be the oldest tomes and her heart began to beat wildly with the implications. Was she his lover?Just then, green fire erupted once more in the fireplace, and Hermione cancelled the spell before her professor stepped through. She knew that he would see right through her if she dared turn in his direction, so she kept her face turned toward the bookshelf, counting her breaths in an effort to calm her blustering emotions. She heard him huff a sardonic breath to see her still standing there, and took that as her opportunity. "Don't tease me, Professor. I want to keep my concentration. This is very important to me, after all." She could practically hear the smirk in his voice when he spoke."I would expect nothing less of you, Granger." Her chest clenched with guilt to lie to him this way, but she didn't want him to know that she had discovered this secret. She had no way of knowing how he would react."Ready, then?" she bit back impatiently."Are you ready, Miss Granger?" his voice was a dark purr and she shuddered at the semblance of a double entendre. Heat was rising in her cheeks and in her belly and fire shot through her when he spoke again, revealing himself to be right behind her. "You're not nervous, are you?" Her lips fell open and her lashes fluttered closed as his voice sent trembles through her body. She was under his spell. Shaking herself out of it, she tried to concentrate on the task at hand."Well it's hard to concentrate with you watching me like that," she sniped. His low, rumbling laughter told her that he had done it on purpose. But he retreated, slipping behind his desk to take a seat there. Hermione took a deep breath and concentrated on her Intent, saying the words in her mind and remembering the feel of the magic as it had gone through her the first time. I can do this. "Ostende verbum Chaos!" She felt the magic rush to the tip of her wand, but nothing lit up immediately. It was a bit anticlimactic compared to her first attempt. She swept the tip of her wand along the bookcase and gasped when one of the books lit up. Stepping closer, she could read the bit of context that was hovering in the air before the spine. "Chaoskampf (German for "struggle against chaos") is a recurring theme throughout cultural myths and legends…""Chaos, Miss Granger?" Snape growled, his voice bringing her back to the present. She snapped around to look at him."Yes, sir. It's just something I've been researching. I read a bit about it over the summer and wanted to learn more." He quirked an eyebrow at her as she turned her gaze longingly back to the shelf. "Do you… that is to say, would you mind terribly if…" he wasn't helping her. "If I could possibly… borrow… this?" He considered her a moment and she felt her cheeks heat under his gaze."Don't you have enough of my books, Miss Granger?" Her eyes grew wide."Oh, but, I don't need this one anymore! You can have that back!""How… gracious of you." She flushed. Deciding not to press him any further, she glanced back up at the ragged, old tome. Beneath the layer of dust and grime from years of being handled and left on a shelf, she could just barely read the title: Serpents. What could Serpents possibly have to do with chaos?Her heart began to beat wildly and her breathing was shallow and slow. She wanted that book. Behind her, her professor let out a long-suffering sigh. "Just be careful with it, Granger," he relented. From his tone, she knew that he was amused by her, but she couldn't help the wide grin as she flashed the dark wizard a look of gratitude."Thank you, sir! I'll be very very careful, I promise!" As if to demonstrate this care, she slowly removed the old tome from the shelf, staring down at its cover in excitement when she had it in hand. This would be the first book she read thanks to her new spell. On the cover was a stylized picture of a giant snake wrapping its body around the figure of a man, its fangs bared. The image sent a shiver down her spine. She returned to her bag and carefully stowed the text within its safe confines before looking back up to her professor. "Thank you so much, sir. I don't know how much longer it would have taken me without your help." The quirk of his eyebrow suggested that it was presumptuous of her to assume that she ever would have done it, but she refused to believe that that was the case. Next time, she told herself, I will do it all on my own."Glad I could help you with your first… experiment, Miss Granger" he growled and Hermione flushed at his words. "I assure you," he continued with a wicked smirk, "it was my pleasure."Too impatient to wait until she reached the common room, Hermione pulled out the Serpents text and immediately flipped to the index as she walked. She was disappointed to see that there was only one page that mentioned Chaoskampf and no entry for Chaos. But she eagerly turned to the page so see what this was all about."Chaoskampf (German for "struggle against chaos") is a recurring theme in cultural myths and legends across the world. The motif has often been portrayed in the form of a fight between a Hero—usually representing courage in the face of danger and self-sacrifice for the Greater Good—and a Chaos Monster—usually a Serpent, Dragon, or Sea Monster."How fitting."
This theme most likely began in Proto-Indo-European religion thousands of years ago, but may have reached as far as Japan, and has lasted until the present day. Famous examples include Thor vs. Jörmungandr, Yahweh vs. Leviathan, Zeus vs. Typhon, and Jesus vs. Satan.
Hermione made a mental note to research Typhon in her Mythology book later.There was nothing else mentioned about Chaoskampf in the book, but she found herself studying it anyway. She turned back to the cover, tracing the elegant curls of the snake's tail and imagining Voldemort's face on the monster. Then a sudden thought occurred to her and she flipped open the cover. There, right inside the old book, stretched across the top, were the words "This book is the Property of Eileen Prince." Her heart seemed to skip a beat at the sight. Then it was pounding horribly as she traced a finger over the little letters. It felt forbidden that she would have this woman's book. Who was she?This new puzzle made her realize once again just how little she really knew about Professor Snape. Was this Eileen a girlfriend? A wife? She found herself unreasonably jealous at the thought, and brushed those feelings away. Don't be foolish. He's your professor, after all. And so what if he had a past? But if he still has her books, does that mean that she died? Hermione gasped aloud as a pang of sympathy burst inside of her. Could that be why their dark professor was always so moody? He was pining after a lost lover? Hermione was filled by a tumult of emotions all at once. On one hand, she felt indescribably sad for Professor Snape. But on another, she felt horribly jealous and even, irrationally, betrayed.When she reached the Entrance Hall, Harry, Ron and Ginny were just coming down the stairs. "Hermione!" Ron called. "Where've you been? We haven't seen you all day!" Hermione was taken aback, unsure how to answer, but then Ron noticed the book in her hands and saved her the trouble. "Oh, of course it would be the library. Why do I even ask?" She shrugged her shoulders and grinned at him as they swept her with them into the Great Hall. It was dinnertime, she realized. Amazing how the time goes by.As they all seated themselves and the other three began discussing the tryouts, Hermione found herself disconnected from the group once again. She drifted back to thoughts of Eileen and couldn't resist opening the book to look down at the inside of the cover, studying her name. Of course his lover would be a Potions prodigy, she thought bitterly. I'm rather good at Potions, too.She had gotten an Outstanding on her OWL, after all. But she couldn't deny it. With the Prince's help, Harry far outshined everyone in the class, including her.She must have been an odd girl to refer to herself as the Half-Blood Prince. I wonder when she started putting her real name in, instead. That was an interesting thought. This book certainly didn't look any newer than the Potions book. And that was another thing; this book didn't have any annotations. At all. She flipped through the pages once more. Nothing. Strange. Perhaps she didn't have any thoughts on the subject of Serpents? She turned back to the name, studying the little letters. Eileen had very small handwriting and the letters were very straight; forcibly so. But then, she couldn't really compare because she had only seen the Prince's inscription once.The more she thought about Eileen, the more it bothered her. It was silly, she knew. After all, what she had with her professor was strictly business. Wasn't it? But he had shown her such affection. Hadn't he? And then again, Severus Snape was a brilliant actor and they had been playing for an audience. Her chest felt as if it might cave in as a sudden hollow inside burned with a terrible ache. She could picture him with a raven beauty; brewing potions, sharing notes, discussing theories. Making love. The image was too much for Hermione to bear. How could she be so heartbroken by a foolish, schoolgirl crush? A sudden desperate need to escape overwhelmed Hermione and she fled the hall.









Chapter 23





Chapter Text
"I wasn't sure if I should tell her about it," Severus murmured. The old man nodded."It's best if we understand it better ourselves first, I think.""Is it as simple as it seems?""We cannot be sure without more information. But she is definitely listed here as a Conditional Portkey." Albus was skimming through the records, searching for more names among the objects. So far, there was no one else. "You must go again soon, Severus. I will consider this tonight and we will discuss it again after I've had a chance to sleep on it." Severus nodded, recognizing the dismissal, and turned to leave. "And Severus," the old man called back. "Go ahead with that lesson for tomorrow. I think it's a brilliant idea."Severus returned to his office once more. It was suddenly lonely not to have her there, but that was preposterous. He had been a loner all his life. No girlwas going to change that. Woman, he reminded himself. A beautiful, intelligent, fiery woman. She had been so excited about completing that spell. He smirked to himself. The spell had actually been a remarkably simple Charm, but it was her first time. The first time is always the most difficult, he thought. In more ways than one. Oh, but if Hermione Granger was any bit the natural at spell invention that she was with sex, she would soon be twisting Magic to her beck and call. As she's twisted you? He felt like kicking himself for allowing this blunder; for allowing her to become important to him. It was dangerous not only for himself, but for her and for the Cause. Not since Lily's death had he had another factor in his life strong enough to motivate his decisions.Severus sighed deeply. He had never experienced anything like last night. The girl cared for him; he was sure of it. But that was not the part that frightened him most. No. He was very much afraid of just how much he cared for her in return. He remembered the way she had held him as he came down from a spectacular orgasm. She had been weeping, and her face was wet as she kissed his forehead. But it was that gesture, that embrace, which made Severus feel so completely at peace. The deep cracks in his soul felt mended, if only for a moment. And for the first time in 20 years, he had allowed himself to relax completely. Because nothing in the world mattered at that moment except for her. And so, like a baby rocked by lullaby, Severus had fallen fast asleep.He shook his head. Best not to linger in thoughts of her too long. So he slipped out of his office and headed to the Great Hall for supper.She was reading his mother's book, he saw. It amused him how excited she had been about a book that he had practically thrown aside. It was full of folklore and legends about Serpents and Monsters. In fact, it was a Muggle book. His mother had seen it in a bookstore once and been reminded of her home in Slytherin House. Ironically, she had chosen the disturbing book specifically for that comfort.And yet, somehow the Gryffindor had taken a particular interest in the text. Hell, she had practically begged him for it. Chaos. She was studying Chaos. A peculiar subject, to be sure. For a moment, he wondered what that book could possibly have to do with Chaos. But there was sure to be something, if the girl's total absorption was any indication. She was completely frozen; impervious to the movement around her. Like a rock in the middle of a stream. Focused.She had been strangely interested in the topic of Silver, he recalled. And Mirrors, strangely enough. Suddenly, the girl was on her feet, hurrying out of the hall, her books half-stuffed into her bag in her haste. Curious.Severus watched the girl go. He wondered what Silver and Chaos could possibly have in common.Hermione fled to her Sanctuary; where no one would bother her; where she could be alone with her thoughts; at peace in her natural environment. The Library. Here, she could lose herself amidst the written word. Her reality could drain away as she was absorbed into another world. She chose a spot near the back and pulled out her Mythology book. The Serpents text had referred to the battle between Zeus and Typhon as an example of Chaoskampf. That was a much safer topic than Eileen Prince, who she wasn't going to think about! It was tempting to use her spell to find out anything she could on this Eileen, but she controlled the impulse. I don't want to know. Instead, she opened to the entry for Typhon."Typhon. Father of All Monsters. Typhon was a gigantic beast who had the torso of a human and the body of an enormous snake with a hundred dragon heads sprouting from his neck and shoulders and wings covering his body. Even the Olympians feared him."Hermione glanced at the image of the terrible beast. To her, he looked rather a lot like the Hydra that Heracles was said to have defeated. She skimmed down to the section entitled "Battle with Zeus." Apparently, the monster had become very angry, throwing mountains and wreaking havoc, sending all of the other gods and goddesses back to Olympus in fear. But Zeus stayed to fight and finally trapped the beast with a hundred lightning bolts before sending him down to Tartarus where he belonged. She turned to the page for Tartarus."Tartarus was an abyss of torment and suffering for the wicked. Many of the most evil villains of Greek Mythology were cast into this pit. It was said to have been as far beneath Hades as heaven is high above the earth. Most notably, this was the prison Zeus used to confine the Titans." Completely absorbed now, Hermione turned to the section describing the Titans."The Titans were the oldest deities in Hellenic tradition; the first pantheon. They were incredibly strong; much stronger than the later generations…" The book began to list a number of remarkable gods and goddesses who looked more like monsters to Hermione. She skimmed past them to the subsection below: The Titanomachia."The Titanomachia (AKA The Battle of the Gods; AKA The Titan War) was the war in which the Olympians defeated the Titans; confining them to the pit of Tartarus…""Hello Granger." Hermione's head snapped up to face the upturned nose of Draco Malfoy. Behind him, Crabbe and Goyle were snickering. "Thought I might find you here." She glared up at the boy, refusing to respond to the threat in his voice. I'm safe. He won't touch me. Professor Snape would kill him if he did. And then another thought hit her. Does he know? Did his father tell him what we did last night? The thought brought a dull heat to her cheeks and Malfoy sneered. "You're glowing today, Granger," he mocked. "Good night last night?""Oh, sod off, Malfoy!" Hermione gathered her books and began to stand, stuffing them into her bag."And what if I don't?" he teased in a threatening voice. She tried to push past him, but he grabbed her wrist, yanking her to him. "You know," he began again, casually lifting one of her curls to his nose, "I rather enjoyed our last meeting. Shame we didn't get to finish." The other boys laughed as he sneered down at her."Let me go," she demanded in a low, strong voice."Oh, I will," he assured her. "After." They struggled for a moment as he tried to pin her to the shelf and she tried to knee him in the crotch, or grab her wand, or both. And for an instant, it seemed like Hermione was going to win. Then, suddenly, two more sets of hands were pinning her back and she could feel the hard wood biting into her shoulder blade."What are you doing?" came an airy voice and the boys immediately spun around. Hermione didn't have to see her to know who it was. "Are you exorcising Nargles?" The Slytherins gawked stupidly at the pretty blonde girl for a moment. "Because I know a better way. I could show you, if you like.""Luna!" Hermione pushed past the boys to meet the slender Ravenclaw. "Hi! I would love to hear about Nargles. Let's leave these gentlemen to their homework." She led the other girl to a table out in the open and collapsed in one of the chairs."Hermione, are you alright? You have the look of someone with a big, invisible rock on your back that you have to pretend isn't there." Hermione smiled sadly at the other girl. It was eerie, sometimes, how intuitive Luna could be. "Hermione, they weren't exorcising Nargles, were they? They were being mean.""Yes, Luna," Hermione responded after a long-suffering sigh. "They were being mean."She could see the scene, but she was not a part of it. Harry stood in the middle of a cemetery. The twisting and contorting, mutilated bodies of the women were frozen as statues guarding their graves. And through the eerie mist, the stars seemed to close in on the boy. And they were mirrors; reflecting the terrible statues from every angle. She saw the beast in the mirrors before it emerged from the mist. Its black scales glinting in the light of a hundred low-lying candles. Its claws stretched, grasping air. Its prey had vanished behind a black stone altar. A sword gleamed in his hand; the Sword of Gryffindor. But the beast's long body swept around the altar, forcing Harry atop its gleaming surface.He faced the beast. Dark wings spread into the night as the beast struck the black stone with fangs that pierced the marble. It withdrew, striking again and again. And each time, the boy severed its head with his brave blade, only to watch two more grow back in its place. Suddenly the beast threw back its heads, returning together as fire burst from a hundred throats, glinting off the silver of the mirror-stars, and roaring toward the altar and the boy.Then the fire took form, suddenly confining itself to the shape of a burning torch and the glowing body of the angel who carried it. The full moon overhead was like a halo. And Harry lunged toward the beast, piercing its heart with his honorable sword. And all around, Hermione could see the face of the angel reflected in the stars. And it was her own.Hermione's violent gasp shook her awake as the scene and the stars were swallowed by the dark velvet of the curtains surrounding her. Her four-poster, she realized. She was safe in bed. Collapsing against the pillows, Hermione replayed the dream in her head again and again. It was her first night without the Dreamless Sleep, and it certainly could have been worse. But still the force of the nightmare left her sweating and weak.She slipped out of bed, padding to the bathroom to sip some cool water and splash it on her face. It had all been so vivid. The monster, huge and terrifying. Harry, more like the boy king Arthur than the hero Heracles who actually defeated the hydra. But like King Arthur, could Harry win merely because it was his right as the noble hero? Could his Goodness be enough to defeat Voldemort's Evil? He shall have power the dark lord knows not. Hermione's heart gave a horrible lurch. His mother's love had saved him the first time. Something clicked in the back of her mind and she ran back to her bed, pulling out her Mythology book and setting her wand aglow. She turned to the section on Eros, the god of love."Eros was born from a Cosmic Egg begotten by the Wind inside the 'Womb of Darkness,' which was Chaos. This set the universe in motion."Cosmic Egg. Cosmic Egg. I've seen that somewhere. "Aha!" Hermione reached for her Alchemy text, flipping eagerly through the pages."Ancient Greek Alchemists believed that the raw material used in the creation of the Philosopher's Stone was the Cosmic Egg of Orphic Cosmogony."Merciful Merlin! Of course! The first stage of the Magnum Opus is associated with Chaos. The second with the reflection of the soul. The Full Moon, the Cosmic Mirror, was supposed to symbolize the Mother. And its essence, Silver, had healing properties. Love. Hermione remembered the quote her parents had sent her.
"Darkness cannot drive out darkness; only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate; only love can do that."
Light. Like the light of the angel. Like Chiron, the planet that "carried the light." Hermione hastily grabbed for her Astrology book.Chiron. "represents where we encounter and have the opportunity to accept spirituality. This often comes through the wound—the weakest point." Spirituality? Well, the Sun was the spirit and the final stage of the Philosopher's Stone; Self Actualization. Which is also fire, which dragons breathe. So is fire Good or Bad? She remembered that the planet was named for a healer centaur—the Constellation Sagittarius—who had saved Prometheus, the Titan who gave fire to man. She flipped to Prometheus in her Mythology book.Scanning the page, bits and pieces leapt out at her. "…name is derived from the word meaning 'intelligence…'", "…created Man from clay…", "…gift of fire enabled progress and civilization…" "…represents human striving and the quest for scientific knowledge…", "…Champion of Mankind…" Hermione remembered the picture of herself as the angel bearing a torch of fire and for a moment imagined that she was Prometheus. It suited her, as she would need Chiron to heal her of her wounds, and she was also the 'key to the dark lord's demise.' Only Light can drive out Darkness.She turned back to the Astrology book, scanning the Chiron entry once more. And her eyes fixed upon the little symbol that denoted "Chiron." She ripped the book closer to her, knocking the Mythology text to the floor in her excitement. It's a key! Her heart was beating wildly. Everything seemed to connect and yet confuse her all at the same time. She repeated the words of the prophecy from memory. "The dark lord now holds the key to his own demise. The one who has been taken will be released, but free no more. He who holds her chains shall have the key. Unlock Victory and she shall be free." I cannot be the key. The key will set me free and destroy the dark lord. "Love." She had already decided that love would destroy hate and that love would heal her wounds. But then the part about the dark lord holding the key doesn't make sense.Hermione sunk her face into her hands. She knew the answer was here somewhere, but couldn't seem to pin it down. Perhaps I'm crazy. Perhaps my imagination has gone wild in the early morning and after those terrible dreams. Reluctantly, she decided to put it all away and come back to it later, after she'd had a bit of air and something to eat. Closing the Astrology and Alchemy texts, she set them on the desk before reaching down to grab the Mythology book from the floor.And she froze. Because there, staring up at her from the randomly opened page was the angel from her dreams; the angel from the Malfoy's ceiling; the bearer of light at the scene of her greatest wound of all."Nike," The title proclaimed. "Goddess of Victory."









Chapter 24





Chapter Text
"You're certain?""Of course I'm bloody certain!" Severus was anxiously pacing before the Headmaster's desk. "I asked the woman every different way I could in every different tone. I pulled out every trick in the sodding book. She won't give me access to the files.""Contact Lucius. Perhaps he can restore your influence there.""Oh, I've no doubt he can, as I'm certain he's the one who's taken it away.""Then where's the problem?" Severus glared down at Albus's twinkling gaze. His mood was reflected in the angry, darkening sky beyond the window."The problem is that Lucius will demand another payment." The old man had the gall to sigh."Severus, I know this is difficult for you. But I am certain this information is key." He grinned but the dark professor refused to acknowledge the man's pun."You don't know what you are asking, Albus.""In the scheme of things, it is a small sacrifice." Fury boiled under Severus's skin, but he restrained himself."Fine. As you command, Headmaster. But even then, we will have to wait for the weekend. The Department will be closed before classes are released this afternoon; and every other afternoon this week.""Then you will go during the noon meal." Severus froze, gaping at the old man who was supposed to be their leader."That will mean…""Yes, Severus. It will mean that you will have to… arrange things with Lucius before then.""The girl's in classes!" he hissed."I will pardon her from her second class which is during your planning period and conveniently happens to be right before lunch." The old man twinkled up at him happily. It was not the look of a cheerful grandfather. Rather, it was the triumphant grin of a man who has just declared 'Checkmate.' Severus sighed in resignation."You ask too much, old man.""As you always tell me." At that, Severus swept from the room and headed off to talk to Lucius. So much for breakfast.Hermione's head was still buzzing with her dreams and her research when she entered the Defense classroom and took her usual seat beside Harry and Ron. Nothing shook her out of her reverie until the voice of Draco Malfoy stirred the curls against her ear."Morning, Mudblood," he whispered. Hermione merely froze, pretending not to hear the boy and ignoring the quickened pace of her own pounding heartbeat. "You think you can escape me forever, don't you? You think good ol' Master Snape will keep you safe and warm." Her knuckles were white where she grasped the desk in an effort not to turn around. "Oh, dear. You don't think that's why he keeps you in his bed, do you? He's just protecting you when you're beneath him, is he?" Just as she thought she might break and hurt the little bastard their professor swept into the room, dramatic as always. Still, it did not bode well that Malfoy had chosen the seat behind her rather than his usual seat."The Headmaster," Snape began when he reached the front of the class, "has decided that I should teach the lot of you a bit about Morality." He said the word contemptuously, but Hermione knew it was only an act. "He believes that if you understand what leads a person to make certain decisions, you will be more conscious of whether or not you are making the right decisions." He let that sink in a moment. "And by that I mean the moral decisions." A couple of the Slytherins snickered under their breath. "After all, as I have said before, the most important Battle against the Dark Arts is within yourself."Snape began to pace across the front of the room, as he often did when he was lecturing. "Now, then," he began, "There is a particularly interesting study of Morality credited to a man named Lawrence Kohlberg." Hermione almost gasped aloud. Lawrence Kohlberg was a famous muggle psychologist. Of course, if Professor Snape told the Slytherins that, they wouldn't listen to a word of the lecture. "He wrote about what he called the 'Stages of Moral Development.'"Each of the stages in this philosophy represents a frame of mind; an overarching motivation for action. They progress from the most base to the most ideal and no stage can be skipped. One must go through each and every one of them to reach that ultimate goal." He was appealing to the famous Slytherin Ambition, she was sure."The first Stage is an orientation around obedience and punishment. The goal of someone with this mentality is merely to avoid punishment. He—or she—" Snape looked directly at Hermione, bringing a blush to her cheeks as the Slytherins snickered under their breaths, "makes every decision based on what will result in the least amount of punishment." He sneered down at her before resuming his pacing and Hermione felt a heat creep up her neck, even as Malfoy leaned close to breathe against her ear."Have you been naughty, Granger?" he whispered."The second Stage is only barely beyond that, as the person is motivated by a 'what's in it for me' mentality, making his decisions based on what action will be in his best interests, but in a limited way, not considering many of the more indirect consequences." His voice almost had a bitter tone to Hermione's ears."The third Stage is based upon societal standards and reputations. A person in this stage considers what is expected of him and what his peers want him to do." Oh, yes. There was definitely bitterness there. "The fourth Stage is associated with an appreciation for law and authority. The person realizes that the society would not function without the laws it has in place, so it is therefore important to follow those laws."Malfoy's lips were practically brushing her ear this time. "Sounds like a personal story, ay Granger? Do you know why he left the dark lord? The first time?""After that comes Stage Five. In this Stage, the person realizes that the world is full of many differing opinions. There is no one Right or Wrong answer, but many, depending on the society. Laws are set up in order to find the greatest good for the greatest amount of people. But, sometimes laws can be wrong, or outdated. They no longer apply. In this Stage, governments debate and strike compromises." Hermione was barely paying attention. Malfoy knew why Snape had left Voldemort, and she was desperately curious. Her breathing was shallow and her heart was beating wildly in her chest. She wasn't even sure why this was so important to her. But it was."The Ultimate Stage is the Sixth; the most abstract by far. In this Stage, the person makes decisions based on what is right and just according to universal ethical principles. It recognizes that laws are a means to an end, but do not always lead to the most just end. In this Stage, a person does not take action because of the punishment presented, or the social expectations, or the prior agreement that it was the correct action in a hypothetical situation. No. In this Stage, a person acts because that is the right, just, and moral thing to do.""Think that's why he left, Granger?" The blond prat whispered in her ear. But she was listening intently, as if she would not hear him without straining her ears. "You're a fool if you do." He chuckled lightly so that only she could hear. "No. My Uncle left his brothers for a woman.""That is only the briefest synopsis of the Stages, so I will request three feet of parchment explaining the Stages and their relationship to Justice and Morality to be handed in on Wednesday." The Gryffindors around her groaned, but Hermione did not even hear. There was a roaring, rushing sound in her ear; the current of the blood in her veins. A woman. It pained her more than she could say to have her fears confirmed. He had so loved Eileen that he had betrayed the dark lord for her. He had risked his life, deceived his brothers, and joined his enemy. All for love. For Eileen. A tiny part of her, way in the back of her mind, remarked on the fact that Love had once again played such an important part. But overpowering that bit of sense was a whirling, twisting, throbbing sensation of irrational betrayal and hurt.But she was gone. Did he still love her? He hadn't returned his loyalty to the Death Eaters. Or had he? If the man was skilled enough to deceive lord Voldemort, how could she presume to know that he was truly on her side? But he was gentle. And perhaps that meant that he still loved her, and would not betray her wishes by returning to them. Hermione was not sure which she feared more. Don't be ridiculous. Of course you'd rather him be loyal to the Cause. Don't be petty. But still the twisting pain in her chest refused to abate. It felt at once like a knife and a serpent.Snape set them to dueling again, but Hermione could hardly focus. Her shields were half-hearted and weak. Across the room, she was vaguely aware of Malfoy's grin. If she hadn't known about Eileen, she might have doubted his pronouncement. As it was, she had known for days; known and not wanted to believe. But it's true. She grew numb, not allowing herself to think on it. But neither was she able to concentrate on the task at hand. In that moment, she didn't care, she didn't think, and she didn't feel. The only thing she was aware of was a dull throbbing in the cavity of her chest where a serpent was clenching and unclenching her heart.And soon the period was over and everyone went to gather their things and head off to their next class. For the Gryffindors, it was Professor Binn's class. "Granger," Snape called as she lifted her bag over her shoulder. He said no more, but she knew that he was commanding her to stay. The bastard. He had such power over her, even without the curse. She would willingly comply with anything he wanted, and that was the worst part of all.When the rest of the students were gone—she did not miss Malfoy's leering wink—Snape warded the door. "Miss Granger," he began, and his voice was so hesitant and gentle that it shook her out of her haze enough to tip her face up to his. "I…" he sighed deeply, regretfully, and Hermione was immediately wary. "I wish there was another way, but the Headmaster has demanded another visit to the Ministry and Lucius has withdrawn his permission. Apparently, I only have access as long as he has what he wants as well." Hermione suddenly felt sick. A bitter taste filled her mouth and her face twisted in anger, but she willed herself not to cry. It would not do. Pushing away the anger with no small amount of self-pity, she resigned herself to her fate with a long sigh."When?" she said sullenly, hoisting her bag a little higher. He hesitated, his gaze turning to the floor for a moment. That did not bode well."Now." Hermione's eyes grew wide and heavy emotions began to hammer through her."But I have class…""The Headmaster has excused you." What? Dumbledore demanded that she slink off to her professor's bedchamber in the middle of the school day?! That heartless bastard. Just a pawn, she thought. I'm nothing but a powerless, pathetic little pawn. Tears were threatening, harder and harder every moment, but she held them back. That is all I have control over. I will not let him see me cry.She nodded and followed the professor through the classroom door and into the deserted hallway. Silently, they made their way down to the dungeons, to a large painting that covered the door she had discovered last time. She had not paid attention then, but was now vaguely aware that it depicted a giant snake. Appropriate.He led her inside and through the small living area to his bedroom. It was entirely dark as they entered and Snape waved a hand lazily, lighting a hundred candles. A hundred low-lying candles. She would have laughed if she didn't feel so much like crying. Did Eileen live here? Did they sleep here? Did he make love to her here? Standing in his bedroom, that image came to mind so much clearer than it had in the Great Hall. The distant rumble of thunder shook the castle like an echo of the emotions shaking her. No. I will not think of that. I will be strong. I have to be. Brushing her sadness away, she focused on the next most pressing sentiment: anger.She watched Snape wave a hand at the mirror on his dresser and felt a fresh surge of fury. No warning. No words. Just have at it. Fine. Then that's exactly what I'll do. She watched as her professor removed his school robes and the heavy frock coat that he always wore. Unchangeable bastard. Set in his ways. There was no way this man had ever stopped loving Eileen. Selfish bastard! She threw off her own robes as he sat on the bed and beckoned her to stand before him.She did as he bade, placing herself between his legs, imagining another woman standing where she was. A willing woman. The woman he really wanted. Did he think about her when he was with Hermione? The thought was too heartbreaking to consider.His hands were on her waist, tugging her blouse out of her shirt and slowly unbuttoning it. A sudden rush of angry impatience made her rip the blouse open, tossing it aside. His eyes met hers with a mocking grin completely at odds with the scowl she knew was set upon her own face. But the mirror was behind her and Lucius would see her professor's responses. Such a good actor. His hands travelled up her sides and she angrily ripped her bra off too, tossing it on the floor. No. You cannot touch me like a lover. Not this time.His hands came up to grasp her breasts, squeezing and teasing them, pinching her nipples. She hated herself for liking the feel of his hands there. Then, suddenly, his mouth was covering one, his tongue pressing against the soft flesh, his teeth gently biting, suckling her. She let out a wanton moan before angrily pushing him back against the bed and straddling his lap. She pressed against him violently, his bulging trousers rubbing roughly against her panties. How dare he be aroused.Severus quickly overpowered the girl, maneuvering her into the middle of the bed in one quick swoop, and settling himself between her legs. Her rough treatment had him throbbing with need. And yet, her enthusiasm was strange. There was surely something wrong. But he dismissed it as anger at Albus and met her move for move, capturing her mouth with his as he pressed her into the mattress. She let out a strangled cry and it sounded more like a protest than anything else, but she responded to his kiss by latching onto him, kissing him, biting him. And he moaned, removing her school skirt and panties and the rest of his own clothes with a wave of his hand.Suddenly they were naked and Hermione hated him for his presumption that she was ready. And the wretched fact that he was right. He was already pressing eagerly against her entrance and a fit of anger gave her the strength to roll him over, straddling him once more. She grabbed his throbbing manhood and he moaned in pleasure as she sheathed him deep inside of her. This is not for you, she thought. You shouldn't enjoy it. You should feel pain as I do. Hermione thrust violently against him, harder and harder, but he only seemed to like it more and more. She wanted to teach him a lesson. She wanted to unleash her fury onto him; her fury at his betrayal; fury at his love for another woman."Gods, girl!" he growled. And suddenly she felt exposed. Because he had seen her rage. She had given him power. And suddenly she was vulnerable. And in that moment of weakness, he overtook her, flipping them over. And he pounded into her as enthusiastically as she had. And she hated him for not feeling the pain when she did. But it was good pain, somehow, as he thrust hard against her. Building more and more intense until she was practically on the edge. And her anger seemed to be cresting as well. "Oh fuck!" he cried out, hammering into her violently. And she burst inside, pain and pleasure exploding, wracking her body in violent waves so intense that she was practically jerking from the force of her release. And her anger seemed to follow the course of those spasms, pulsing away from her heart until it was suddenly gone. And he was coming too, growling roughly in her ear, his body tensing and then relaxing as he came to rest on top of her. And the tears came. And she broke her promise to herself as her professor propped himself on his elbows and met her gaze. He wiped a tear from her eye and planted a soft kiss against her unyielding mouth. Concern was clearly written in those deep, dark eyes.She pushed him away, going to gather her clothing and dressing to leave. Tears were now cascading down her twisted face. She could not hold back the sobs nor smooth out her pained expression, so she kept her face turned away until she was able to leave. And without looking back at him, she ran from his chambers.The halls were empty. No witnesses to her walk of shame as she hurried back to the safety of her four-poster bed. And once she was locked within those burgundy curtains she succumbed to the force of her despair, weeping into the pillows as she hugged her waist and curled up on top of the duvet.Sobs wracked her body as thoughts of her professor swept through her mind. How could he be so unaffected? How could it hurt her so badly and him not at all?She felt a twinge of guilty sadness. He couldn't help that he didn't love her. He couldn't change the way he felt for Eileen. He had loved her enough to betray the dark lord. For a man as seemingly emotionless as Snape, that was an amazing feat. A love so strong, could she ever hope to surpass it?The thought hit her hard and her eyes popped open in horrified shock. She wanted him to love her. Oh, Merlin. She knew what that meant and a new wave of tears blurred her vision. Her brow was furrowed with a dull ache and the hinges of her jaws stung from the strength of her anguish.How had she fallen into this position? How the hell had she fallen in love with Professor Snape?









Chapter 25





Chapter Text
"The documents you asked for," Severus growled as a heavy stack of paperwork landed hard on the Headmaster's desk. "Bought with the pain of a school girl." The old man smiled sadly."Come now, Severus," he said, "Don't be so dramatic. The payment is merely sexual intercourse. Whether or not it is painful is entirely up to you."Ouch. His words sent a jolt of pain through Severus. They were too close to the truth. Not an hour ago, Granger had been beneath him; sobbing. He knew enough to be sure it was not physical pain that plagued her. There was something more. But Severus had never understood women. And so, as he watched the girl dress and run from his room in fits of hysterical sobs, he had merely allowed her to leave. Because he didn't know what else to do. How could he understand the problem if she wouldn't explain it to him?He wished, now, that he had been gentler with her, rather than responding to her own angry thrusts with the same force and violence. He could have hurt her, but at the time that hadn't even occurred to him. She came, he remembered. Surely, it must be true that she enjoyed it in some respects.And yet, it was just as obvious that something was wrong.Over the next couple of weeks, Hermione withdrew even more into herself than she had before. She used homework as a shield from thoughts of Eileen, which plagued her day and night. It had taken all of her willpower to focus on classwork and resist the urge to look up Eileen. She was already obsessive about the woman, and that was bad enough.She was aware that Professor Snape knew something was wrong, but she gave him no opportunity to ask about it. How could she possibly explain that she was upset because he had loved another woman years before she, herself, had even been born? It was ridiculous, even to her own ears. He would think me a complete fool.But eventually, she was so far ahead in the readings, that classes were becoming boring, and she found herself daydreaming in class. Which was dangerous. In an effort to distract herself, she returned to her sanctuary in the library and used her spell to research Chaos. What she found was interesting enough, but she wasn't sure how it fit into everything she had been studying."Chaos: When the present determines the future, but the approximate present does not approximately determine the future." explained one book on Chaos Theory. She had been surprised to find as many books about muggle sciences as she had in the last few days. This particular one went into depth about the intricacies of the theory, which Hermione found fascinating. But so far, she was unable to find any true connections to her other research.And then, one day, as she was flipping through the Chaos Theory text, she found herself double-taking when she realized that a graph of the theory depicted the Infinity Symbol. Of course. She had completely forgotten about the original tie between the books she was studying. That tiny, underlying current linking them all together, even before she realized that they were all related: the little side-ways figure-eight that she had seen engraved in gold on so many of the volumes in her bedroom. And yet, she had never researched the topic itself. She still did not even know why that was the symbol for Infinity. But she was determined to research it first thing tomorrow. It was fitting, she thought. Tomorrow was her birthday, September 19th, and also the first trip to Hogsmeade.Severus was loathe to play chaperone to the little monsters once again. But he had been meaning to visit Hogsmeade anyway, so it wasn't such a big sacrifice. He was no longer the Potions Master, but he still used the storeroom, so he meant to restock it for Horace; the old goat. And what better time to do that than when he was supposed to be supervising imbeciles?In fact, he was on his way to the Apothecary when he first caught sight of the girl. She was alone, which he found odd. Usually, she stayed with her little friends on Hogsmeade trips. Ah, but they wouldn't have wanted to go with her into the bookstore. Which was where she was headed now. And which he was about to pass. And she hadn't even seen him. And she hadn't so much as said a word to him outside of class for two weeks. And, suddenly, Severus found his own path pivoted in the direction of the bookstore as well.It was chilly out and the warmth of the bookstore was an immediate comfort as Severus stepped inside. The familiar jingling of the bell over the door seemed to lighten his spirits considerably and he looked around for a sign of her.He found the girl wandering through an aisle of advanced theoretical texts. Not surprising. But at first, she was merely walking beside the bookshelf, running a hand over the queue of volumes. Rather than sneak up behind her, Severus slipped through the aisle ahead of hers and caught her at the end of her own."Good afternoon," he murmured in a neutral voice. She startled, catching his eye, and he could see the way her pupils dilated immediately, like a cat caught trespassing on another's territory. But her reaction was quickly concealed and her gaze turned to the books beside her."Good afternoon, Professor." She was pretending to skim the titles of the books before her, as if there was a particular one in mind. But he knew she was only hoping he would leave her in peace."Now's your chance to practice that spell in a different environment," he continued, idly. He was not accustomed to chit-chat, as it were, but he needed to speak with the girl. Something was wrong, and he wanted her to know she could speak to him about it. As it stood, however, she did not seem interested in talking to him at all."Perhaps," she replied. A surge of frustration swept through him as he looked down at her. A few strands of her curly hair blocked her eyes from his view, and it was all he could do to refrain from brushing them behind her ear, and tilting her face to his. She might as well have been on a different plane though she was close enough that he could smell her sweet shampoo. The scent wafted toward him, bringing a host of memories along with it, and he found himself reacting to it.Just then, the Lovegood girl slipped past him and he was momentarily embarrassed to be caught staring at his student. "Happy birthday, Hermione," the blonde sang in that dreamy voice that always grated on Severus's nerves. A pang shot through him and he was completely taken aback. It's her birthday?"Thank you, Luna," Granger replied, smiling at the other girl as she passed. When they were alone again, there was an awkward silence in which Severus debated a hundred different ways to wish her as well, before she whipped out her wand and filled the void with a muttered "Ostende verbum Infinity!" She began to drift down the aisle, but he refused to allow her that escape."Infinity, Granger?" he inquired in a teasing voice as he watched her step farther and farther away. He folded his arms in a gesture of bored amusement as she responded."Just something I've been researching," she responded. His brow furrowed as she reached the end of the aisle and began down the next. He stepped around the shelf to stand where he could watch her and block her exit in the same move."You have been studying a wide variety of strange subjects of late," he commented drily. She did not respond and he was beginning to feel rather foolish for trying to speak to her. "Is this some secret project, then?" She smiled slightly and looked up to catch his eye before immediately turning away from him. He could see a faint blush spreading across her cheeks and took that as a good sign; a sign that she still craved his attention, even if she pretended otherwise."It's no secret," she murmured, "and not exactly a project." He took a step toward her."Ah, then what is it? Exactly?" There was a pride in the twist of her lips as she smiled at the books before her, sweeping her wand across the shelf though he knew she looked with blind eyes."It's…" she seemed to consider, pulling a lip between her teeth and turning her eyes upwards. "It's just… It's more… I've been… I don't even know, to be honest. I feel like I'm being led down a path." She giggled at that. "Silly, isn't it?" Her eyes turned back up toward his, as if to see if he was mocking her. But he kept his face neutral and curious. She bit her lip. "It started over the summer when I ran out of books to read." He smirked at that. "I found a book on muggle Chaos Theory on my parents' bookshelf and began to read it. After that, all of the other books started falling into place, drawing me to them with their connections to what I had already read. I can't explain exactly, but I feel like they're important, somehow. I…" she hesitated, blushing even more, but her eyes were on him still, so he took it as a good sign. "I think I'm onto something."She looked at him with such triumphant pride shining in those beautiful, cinnamon eyes that he had to fight the urge to sweep her into his arms and capture those pretty lips. She flushed at his blatant stare and turned back to the shelf. A heavy tension was beginning to fill the air and he might have said something to her if her wand didn't light up at that moment, pulling all of her attention immediately back to the books.She withdrew a heavy, silver tome. Its cover was textured and sparkling and in the very center he could see the shape of a side-ways figure-eight carved into the thick material. The hunger in her eyes was something he had not seen in far too long. And he felt himself hardening. It had been a while since their last encounter, and he had been neglecting himself.She lifted the cover to check the price and he watched her features fall into a deep disappointment. She closed the book and ran a hand over the engraving on the front before flipping it back open to study the price, as if it might have changed. He would do anything to see her smile return.Then, suddenly, Potter and Weasley appeared at the other end of the aisle. "There you are!" the ginger idiot called as they started toward her. "We knew we'd find you here!" The boys gave Severus a suspicious look and he raised an eyebrow in challenge."Sorry," Granger replied. "I couldn't resist." He watched her replace the beautiful book with one last longing brush of her fingers down its spine, before turning back to himself. A tiny smile sufficed as farewell and she followed the boys from the store. For a long moment, he stood rooted to the spot, hating those idiot boys for taking her away, and wishing desperately for some way to bring her back."Come on, Hermione! It's not even a school night!" Ginny was saying. The redhead was determined to have Hermione celebrate her 18th properly, and that meant fire whiskey. Hermione was unsure. She had only been drunk once before, and that had been a complete disaster. "Come on! No presents until you've had at least one glass. Please? Pretty-pretty please?" Hermione let out a long-suffering sigh. They had all gathered in the boys' dorm and everyone was crowded around her, pressuring her to drink the amber liquid.Apparently, she had missed a meeting with Fred and George at the Three Broomsticks and the Weasley twins had given the other boys a good load of contraband to sneak back into the school. She was appalled by their lack of respect for the rules, but didn't say anything. They had all heard it a million times before, and they weren't going to change now. In fact, as it turned out, she was far more likely to change her own mind."Alright, alright. But only a little and only tonight." A cheer went up around the bed as Ginny handed her friend a glass of the liquid fire. They each had a glass of their own, which they raised into the air as the redhead shouted a toast to Hermione's birthday. The whiskey was warm in her throat, waking her back up, forcing her to feel. It was wonderful and terrifying all at the same time. Because for the first time in two weeks, Hermione felt truly alive."Here, open mine first!" her beautiful friend insisted as she pushed a package into Hermione's hands. Hermione smiled at the girl, setting down her glass to untie the pretty bow. "Oh, just rip it!" Ginny cried, practically bouncing on the bed beside the other girl. Hermione grinned mischievously at her friend before ripping open the package. Black lace exploded from within and Hermione's eyes grew wide as the boys laughed uproariously and Ginny grinned at her. Heat filled her face as Ron grabbed for the bra and held it up to his own chest. It was made entirely of lace and she could see the red of his shirt showing through. Ginny smacked him over the head and demanded he return it, but not before Harry had snatched up the matching panties and held them out to inspect them."Bloody hell, Ginny!" Ron was saying. "What're you trying to do to Hermione!?""Every girl needs a bit of lace," Ginny said, reaching over to refill Hermione's glass as Harry returned the undergarments. Hermione ran her fingers over the delicate material, marveling in the fragile beauty of it. Would Professor Snape like this?"Thank you, Ginny," she said sincerely. Harry's and Ron's gifts of sweets and inks and quills were then unwrapped and all of Hermione's gifts were placed in a bag from Honeydukes, safely out of the way of the rough-housing that whiskey apparently brought out in the boys. It was like nothing had happened. The warm haze of drunkenness and cheer made Hermione feel whole again. If only for a little while.And she found herself drinking more and more of the rejuvenating drink, feeling less and less of the weight she had carried for so long. As if the stone on her back that Luna had spoken of was being lifted by the Spirits of the Bottle.At one point, Ginny jumped Harry and everyone laughed hysterically as the two locked themselves inside the boy's four-poster bed. Ron turned pink with embarrassment and left the room, as if he couldn't stand to remain while his sister was in bed with his best friend. That left Hermione with the other boys and she realized that the party was effectively over. It made her sad, in a way; because she knew that she would not feel this carefree when she woke in the morning. And, probably, she would dream of Eileen again.With her bag of gifts in one hand, and her glass of fire whiskey in the other, Hermione headed back to her own dorm. She realized, as she headed down the hallway toward the stairs, that sitting down and walking were completely different things. The alcohol had a much stronger effect on walking, for one. And she felt a bit confused. Had she just not noticed that, until now? There were the stairs. Were they always on this side? Oh, yes, because the girls' was the other way. But this was the boys' dorm. Now, she remembered.She started down the steps and quickly realized that she needed to grip the railing. But the glass was in her right hand and the bannister was on her right side. And she couldn't very well do both with one hand. It took all of her concentration to switch her glass and bag, but a big gulp of the liquid made it easier not to spill it. Feeling rather proud of her foresight, she continued her descent to the Common Room.She was heading toward the Portrait Hole when Ron called out to her. "Whereya goin'?" She whirled around in surprise, whiskey lopping over the edge and spilling across her hand. She was quick to suck it up before too much dripped onto the carpet."Ummm…" She thought hard. What had he asked her? She was in the Common Room. Right. Because… she was going to bed! "Bed," she answered, nodding in agreement with herself. I'm drunk, she realized. "Very, very drunk," she muttered. Ron was standing in front of her."You arright?" he slurred, reaching a hand out to steady her swaying body. His own balance was no better, however, and their combined swaying was far worse."Huh? Yeah," Hermione replied, meeting the boy's blue eyes. She realized that she hadn't actually looked him in the eye in a long time. "You have pretty eyes," she said. Pretty, but shallow. She could see their surface, but they didn't go deep. Like Snape's."You think so?" he was saying. She had to think about it. Unsure what he was replying to, she merely nodded. She must have thought so, or she wouldn't have said it. His face was inches from hers when she realized what he was doing and jerked away from him. He stumbled."Sorry!" she said. They were alone. Like last time. That disaster. What would Snape think? "I have to go." Without turning back around, she headed straight up to the girls' dorm and didn't stop until she reached her own four-poster bed. Setting her bag of presents on the nightstand, Hermione suddenly noticed another package in the middle of the mattress. She took a swig of the whiskey before slipping into her bed and closing the curtains.There was no card; no note; no label to speak of. And for a moment, she was really puzzled. Then, a part of her dared to hope and she quickly shot it down. Severus Snape did not buy people birthday presents. Especially not bushy-haired, buck-toothed, scrawny, plain, know-it-all… She sipped her glass as she ripped at the paper with one hand. It was plain, brown package paper, perfectly wrapped as if by magic. Who else could it be? She bit her lip and took another swig as she lifted the package by a scrap of the paper and shook it, hoping the weight of the object would help rip the wrapping. When that proved futile, she drained her glass in two big gulps and set it on the floor beside the bed, almost toppling over in the process.Finally, with two hands on the sturdy paper, she was able to pull it apart, revealing sparkling silver. She grinned at the pretty cover, admiring its intricate carvings as she traced a finger around the symbol in the middle. That damned side-ways figure-eight; the symbol for Infinity. It all seemed to hit her at once. He bought this for me. He had seen how much she wanted it. He had watched her put it back. And she knew it was expensive. But still, he had bought it for her. Blood was throbbing painfully through her chest as her heartbeat quickened and redoubled in strength. Perhaps he only wanted to make up for not knowing it was my birthday. Maybe… maybe he felt like he owed her something. Is he reimbursing me? For my services?No. He had been so gentle. He had been trying to speak to her, she knew. He was concerned. Maybe he was trying to buy her happiness. Gods, Hermione, you're too cynical, she thought. This was a perfect gift, and expensive, and she had wanted it so badly. But he loves Eileen. Merlin, her mind was trying so hard to comprehend and her heart was feeling so many emotions at once. She wasn't sure if it was excitement or guilt or anger or hope. But her eyes filled with tears as she traced the little Infinity symbol. One thing was certain. He was reaching out to her. She leaned over the book, pulling at her hair in frustration. Why did everything always have to be so complicated? I have to talk to him.The moment the idea occurred to her, Hermione latched onto it. She wanted to see him; had to see him. It had been so long since they had spoken and he was the only one who knew what she was going through. Well, except Dumbledore, but he didn't count. And now she had a reason.She was practically to the door before the alcohol seemed to knock into her with renewed vigor and she staggered down the hall toward the stairs. It didn't matter. She trusted him. He would take care of her. She would be safe there.It felt wonderfully scandalous for her to slip through the Portrait Hole at this hour and in this condition, but she relished the liberty of that small step. The world was at her feet and she was walking on air.Until she practically fell down the stairs. Everything was so dark and so twisty and blurry and confusing. She found the Entrance Hall and headed toward the dungeons. Somewhere in her mind she wondered which Stage of Moral Development she was in making these decisions. Then she giggled at herself. Only Hermione Granger would be wondering that at a time like this.She wandered the dungeons for a good fifteen minutes before she found the entrance to his quarters. Oh. She had probably passed it several times already. Without even thinking, she pulled open the portrait and stepped through. The surprise was all the way in the back of her mind, past the blurry confusion of his dark living room. But light shone through the open door to his bedroom and she headed toward it, finally feeling the excitement of her own dangerous behavior. Out of Darkness; Light, she thought as she stepped through the door. Out of Chaos; Love.Snape didn't notice her. And why would he when he was quite busy at the moment, pumping a fist over his swollen erection. When the sight hit her with a punch of sudden fire to her core she gasped aloud and he bolted up in the bed, ripping the sheets over himself. "Granger!" he shouted angrily. "What the hell are you doing here!?" But Hermione said nothing. Her body was reacting with surprising strength. Fire raced across her skin and down her spine and pulsed low in her belly. She met his eyes with all the desire she felt and watched his anger fade to desperate need. Even from a distance, she could see the black of his eyes growing deeper and darker. Unless she was imagining it. And all she wanted in that instant was to be the center of his attention; to be the focus of that hunger. If only for a moment.Slowly, without dropping her eyes from his, she pulled her t-shirt over her head. Her professor was frozen in place, as if he dared not move. But his eyes followed her hands as she unbuttoned the jeans she wore, slowly pushing them down her legs. When she glanced back up, he was watching her with a heated stare so intense that she thought she might melt. And as she reached behind her back to unhook her bra, his hand slipped down below the sheets, and she could see its slow movements through the thin fabric. The pulsing between her legs was so strong she thought she might explode. And if he felt anything nearly as intense, she didn't blame him one bit.Her plain, white bra dropped to the floor and she belatedly wished she had worn the new, black one. Next time, she thought as she hooked her thumbs in her panties and began to tug them down. His lips were parted and she could see his chest rising and falling with quick, shallow breaths as his hand moved faster beneath the sheets. Struck with sudden inspiration, she turned away, watching over her shoulder as she pulled the white garment over the soft swell of her little arse. She heard him groan as she leaned over, sliding the strip of fabric down her calves.She stood back up, hesitating for a moment as the blood seemed to throb in her head. But before she could even turn, she felt him behind her. His hands gripped her waist and she could feel the tip of his erection against her skin. Moaning, her head dropped and she gripped the doorframe for support as a wave of desire nearly knocked her off her feet. His hands ran over her hips and she felt him press against her from behind as he held her firmly in place. Then his hands wrapped around, snaking up to grasp her breasts and she whimpered as pulses of fire erupted between her legs."Please," she moaned. And his mouth met her shoulder. The softness of his mouth was at odds with the forceful way he pushed her legs apart and she thought she might explode when she felt him pressing inside of her. His groan was so primal and rough that tears sprang to her eyes from the pure force of his effect on her. He was moving slowly inside of her and it felt so wonderful. Then his hand was between her legs, rubbing against her and she cried out, on the brink of orgasm. He growled in response and pounded hard into her a few times before yanking away.She staggered at his sudden absence and turned in time for him to grab her wrist and lead her back to the bed. Through the haze, it swam before her; a mirage of bliss and paradise in the midst of her recent desert. He stretched out on his back and she quickly climbed on top of him and pressed the length of her body against his as she met his mouth with a heady groan. For a moment, their tongues tangled in passionate warfare, before he suddenly pushed her away.His eyes were wide with shock and she watched something like worry or hurt dawning across his face. "You're drunk." She looked down at him. He was messing this up."That doesn't matter," she said, trying to kiss him again. He pushed her off, pinning her shoulders to the mattress."Yes," he told her, "It does." She shook her head."Why should it? It's not like we haven't done it before." He pulled away from her and something seemed to crack inside of Hermione. "Please, Professor," she begged as tears formed in her eyes."No, Granger." His tone was final and his face was turned away from her. A hand came up to pinch the bridge of his nose, but she could see that he was still aroused. Taking a risk, she reached out and took hold of him. "I said 'no,' Granger!" he shouted as he ripped her off of himself. His anger shook her and she was beginning to sober, feeling extremely foolish and even more hurt. She rolled onto her side and curled up, facing away from him. This had all gone so completely wrong. How had everything gone so terribly, horribly wrong? Everything always seemed to go wrong, she thought, and sadness welled up inside of her. And all the horrible thoughts she'd been suppressing all week came flooding back."I knew it," she whimpered through the tears. It felt like giving up. "I'm not the one you want.""What?" His tone was biting and she flinched away from him. Pinching her eyes closed could not stop the tears for long."You weren't thinking about me," she muttered. As much as the drunkenness had heightened her excitement, it now exaggerated her devastation. "You were thinking of her." There was a long pause in which only Hermione's sobs were audible."Who?" he asked finally. And his voice was so gentle that she burst into tears again. Oh how she wanted that gentleness for herself. Then anger rose up inside of her."Who do you think?" she cried. "How many different women could it possibly be? How many women did you risk your life for? And betray your Masterfor?" Once she had said it, she wished she could take it back. She was being pathetic and needy and he was going to think her a complete fool and she wouldn't have anyone to blame but herself and the bloody fire whiskey.When her professor spoke, his voice was quiet and broken. "You know about Lily?" he said. She nodded even as the name registered. It was a strange nickname for Eileen, she thought, but then again if she had been named Eileen, she would have gone by something else too. His hand touched her shoulder and she cringed away from him, suddenly feeling like a trespasser in his bed. She tried to rise to leave, but he stopped her and brushed her curls behind her ear. The gesture sent another cascade of tears down her cheeks and she tried to pull away from him, but he wouldn't let go. "Hermione," he began again, and his use of her name, more than the force of his hand under her chin, brought her face to his. "That was a very long time ago."But he hadn't said that she was wrong. He hadn't said that he didn't love her anymore or that he hadn't been thinking about her. And Hermione pulled away. This time, he let her. She felt so foolish for asking him. If he hadn't already realized that she loved him, he was certain to figure it out soon. And he would feel guilty for leading her on, even though it was never supposed to be like that at all. This was just business. This was just for the Greater Cause.Hermione was dreadfully sober now and she dried her aching eyes on the sheets, failing to suppress one last sob as she slipped out of the bed. He stayed where he was, looking down at the mattress as she collected her clothes and pulled them on. "Forgive me," she said finally. "I didn't realize how much the alcohol had affected me." She had said the same thing last time and idly wondered if he remembered that. "Anyway, really, I just… wanted to thank you. For the book. And everything." She gave him a weak smile as his unreadable gaze met hers. "Goodnight, Professor." She began to turn, refusing to give in to the urge to cry again."Wait," he called and she immediately turned back to him. He hesitated a moment. "You should use the Floo," he said finally, and she nodded and turned to do just that. When she stepped out, into the Gryffindor Common Room once again, totally sober and utterly alone, everything seemed to crash down on her at once. And when she was safely ensconced inside her four-poster bed, she curled up into a ball, and wept into the sheets.Happy Birthday, she thought.









Chapter 26





Chapter Text
If Sunday was Hell, Monday was Tartarus. Not only did she have Defense first thing in the morning with a particularly grumpy Professor Snape, but she also found herself outside his office after class that afternoon, pacing back and forth with no clue what she would say when he opened the door.
So much had been going on that she hadn't even been paying attention. And, after all, it wasn't something she'd ever had to worry about before, but no matter how many times she counted, the number of days never changed. This had never happened before and all she could think was that perhaps he hadn't given her contraceptive that first night, after all. Maybe he had given her some sort of sleep aid or pain medication. It wasn't entirely out of the realm of possibility that he just hadn't even thought about that, or considered it his responsibility. She scoffed. As clueless as he could be sometimes, she wouldn't put it past him.
There was no help for it. She just had to suck it up and knock. That was the easy part, right? The thinking and talking and facing the man himself would come afterwards. For now, she only had to lift her fist and bang a few times against the wood. Easy. Right? Fuck. She took a deep breath. Alright, Hermione, stop being a baby. This has to happen, so it might as well be now.
Hermione cringed as the heavy sound seemed to echo in the deserted corridor. She didn't realize she was holding her breath until his voice finally called out in a bored tone. "Come in." Her heart hammering and her breath coming quick, she pushed the door open and stepped into the Defense Instructor's office. When he set down his quill and looked up at her, it was clear that she was not who he had expected. "Miss Granger," he said at last, and though his expression was guarded and unreadable as always, she had the distinct impression that he was pleased to see her. Not for long, she thought.
"Professor," she greeted as she slipped into the chair in front of his desk. It suddenly struck her how very odd it was that they still addressed each other so formally. Such a bizarre situation. Of course, a little voice in the back of her mind reminded, he had called her Hermione on Saturday night. "I wanted to talk to you," she managed in a steady tone without stuttering even once. "I'm a bit concerned because…" and then she faltered. And her face heated. And he was waiting expectantly and staring down at her; staring straight through her; judging her.
"Because?" he prompted.
"Because…" But she had no words. She was too embarrassed to just blurt it out. But she supposed that was exactly what she needed to do; blurt it out. "Because I'm late. I'm really, really late." She watched as confusion turned to comprehension before lowering her gaze to her lap. "And I don't know what to do," she continued. "This has never happened before." Suddenly, all of the emotions and fears seemed to be bubbling up to the surface and she had to choke back a sob. "Forgive me…" He cleared his throat and she chanced a look up at him to see his own eyes averted to the desktop.
"That," he began, clearing his throat again, "is a symptom of the contraceptive potion." She blinked up at him and then felt relief and embarrassment flood her face with a warm blush that left her lightheaded and gave her the urge to giggle.
"Oh." It was all she could say and the laughter was creeping into her voice. I truly am mad, she thought idly as she held back a fit of giggles and choked on a sob of relief. His eyes jumped up to hers and she could see the relief there as well.
"But it is good you came to me. You're due for another dose." He stood and headed over to the silver cabinet where he had kept the Dreamless Sleep and pulled out several pink bottles. Arranging them in a box, he handed the lot to Hermione. "Make sure to take one every month. And let me know when you run out." She nodded and began to stand.
"Thank you, Professor," she murmured, feeling foolish and marvelously relieved. She was just turning toward the door when he stopped her.
"Miss Granger," he began and she turned back to look at him. His face was serious and she was immediately put on her guard. When he spoke, his voice sounded weary and resigned. "I think we need to discuss what happened Saturday night." Oh gods. And just like that she was back in her chair, staring at the surface of the desk, ready to be chastised.
"I don't know how you found out about Lily," he began, and she was immediately taken aback. There were many things about the other night that she expected him to say, but this wasn't it. Looking everywhere but at him, Hermione felt a knot of emotion tightening in her throat. "But as you already know about her, I think you ought to hear about it from me." He sighed deeply, bracing himself, and Hermione steeled herself as well, keeping her eyes on the desk for both of their sakes.
"Lily was my oldest friend," he began and already Hermione could feel her heart clenching and tears threatening behind her eyes. "I did not have a happy childhood, and Lily was my only friend. She was muggle-born and I was the one who first told her she was a witch. But… down the road, I began to make mistakes. I loved her," Hermione could feel her own desolation eating away at her soul at this pronouncement, "But I drove her away. I—" he hesitated, clearly pained by the memory. "I hurt her." Hermione's eyes jumped up to his. "Not physically," he rushed to assure her. "But I said horrible things to her. You have to remember that my only friends at the time—besides Lily, of course—were soon-to-be Death Eaters.
"Lily never forgave me for that. I think, mostly, because she did not love me. But I never stopped loving her." His eyes met Hermione's at that admission and she felt like she might be dying. "A part of me always will." He was watching her closely. "But—" He didn't seem to know what to say anymore. When he spoke, his words were carefully selected. "But I wasn't thinking about her the other night." Hermione looked up at that and found him studying her warily. He seemed to consider for a moment. "The truth is…" he sighed again, this time in resignation. "The truth is, Granger, I was thinking about you." His words hit Hermione with a jolt. Fire raced through her at that admission and her wide eyes were locked onto his. But she didn't know what to say. So many conflicting emotions were warring inside of her, but above it all, her soul was singing at the thought that he wanted her.
The heavy tension building in the room was broken by a knock at the office door that startled Hermione out of her chair. "Well, Miss Granger," he murmured softly, so that only she could hear. "I suppose that's the end of our little chat. I will not be happy if I find you drunk again." She nodded to him as she headed toward the door.
"Don't worry, Professor. I think I've finally learned my lesson about that." She smiled sadly back at him. "Thank you for telling me, Professor." He nodded curtly and she opened the office door to the impatient face of Draco Malfoy. He gave her a knowing smirk as Snape beckoned him inside, and Hermione headed back toward Gryffindor Tower feeling both relieved and more burdened.

That night found Severus inspecting his Portrait door and wondering how the girl had managed to slip in past his wards. And drunk, no less. But staring at the entrance would not answer his questions, so he was forced to merely speculate. Eventually, he came to the conclusion that she had been allowed in as his slave the same way any House Elf would be. Of course, the House Elves were able to apparate into his quarters and never needed to use the actual door.
Deciding that it was not such a bad thing if Granger had access to his chambers, Severus slunk off to bed. But sleep wouldn't come. Of course not. When the girl had left the night before, he had gone to cool the aching fire in his groin with a freezing shower. He was far too disgusted with himself to find relief after what had happened. She was drunk. He had tasted fire whiskey on her breath. How had he not noticed before? Might it have something to do with the fact that she had been undressing before him? Merlin, he wanted her. And for a moment he had truly believed that she had come to seduce him; that she wanted him. And foolishly, he had immediately taken advantage of her offer and begun to fuck her against the wall. A student! A drunk student. You are disgusting.
He could still feel how tight she had been; how wet. How could he blame himself when she had been whimpering for him to enter her? Severus had no doubt that she would have come easily if he had continued, but he would have loathed himself for it. And she would have loathed herself and him as well. Merlin. How had his life become so completely chaotic in such a short period of time? He no longer knew what to think about anything. Even Lily seemed to be fading away from him, which was as frightening as it was liberating. He could not remember a time when Lily's memory had not been there to give him strength. But… Hermione… She was something to fight for.
He remembered the smoldering fire in her eyes as she stripped before him. There was no doubting the hunger he had seen there. Was he so wrong for sending her away? Perhaps if he had given her a Sobering potion… Perhaps he'd missed his one chance and now she'd never return. Could he blame her? He had as much as told her that he would never stop loving Lily Evans. What woman wanted to connect herself to a man who was hopelessly in love with another? Is that what I am? Hopelessly in love with Lily? It didn't seem so. Not anymore. He loved her still, to be sure. But he felt distanced from her, somehow. As if she was no longer the reason he woke up in the mornings; the reason he faced pain and death and horror at the hands of the dark lord for the sake of the Greater Cause. It was for another muggle-born that he fought to destroy this threat. It was for Hermione.
Closing his eyes, he remembered the hurt in her eyes when he had said that he loved Lily. She was hurt because she cared. And he remembered the cinnamon fire when he had admitted to thinking about her as he touched himself. And she had been sober then. She does want me. The thought made his heart clench and his member throb as he snaked a hand down his torso for a bit of relief. And he thought of Hermione; the way she had stripped; the way she had kissed him; the fire in her eyes when she met his gaze. She cares, he thought as he stroked himself, and a lazy smile spread across his face at the insanity of it all. Who could have ever guessed?

No matter how hard Hermione ground the little leaves, they refused to become the soft powder that was required of this particular potion. At the moment, the stone mortar in front of her was filled with squished and bruised leaves, shredding themselves, but not powdering. She needed to hurry if she was going to add them to her brew in time. Glancing over at Harry, she watched him holding his own leaves close to the fire before dropping them into the grinding bowl. Another of Eileen's techniques, to be sure. So why didn't the book tell them these things? She had never had less faith in the written word than she did in Potions class. Dumping out her own squashy jumble of leaves, she leaned over to read what the damnable Prince had to say.
"Hold the leaves near the fire for several seconds before crushing to ensure a fine, dry powder."
She was just about to turn back to her own ingredients when it hit her. The force of her realization was so strong that she nearly choked. And before she knew what she was doing, she had pushed past Harry and snatched up the Prince's book to gawk at the notes scribbled in the margins. How had she not noticed before? She knew that spidery writing anywhere. She had seen it decorating the margins of another book in a similar manner and never made the connection until now.
Behind her, her cauldron erupted into flames, causing several students to shriek in fear and Professor Slughorn to hurry past her to Vanish the burning potion. But she did not even notice. The beating of her heart in her ears was far louder than anything else and all she could think about was the implications of her new discovery. Flipped back to the inscription inside the cover, she assured herself that his signature had been done in the same spiky scrawl. How could it be? The Half-Blood Prince was their very own Professor Snape!
"She was a muggle-born," he had said. How could she have been so stupid?! Eileen couldn't be the Half-Blood Prince if she was muggle-born!
The instant class was dismissed, Hermione found herself running toward the library. Who needed lunch when she could be researching Eileen instead? She was missing something; obviously. Why would he refer to himself as a Prince if he loved Eileen Prince? Only girls switched their surnames to that of their love-interests. And could it truly be a coincidence that he had called himself 'Prince,' if 'Lily' had been his oldest friend? This was more than just curiosity now. It was a complete mystery; one that she was determined to solve before she lost any more sleep over it.
Within the familiar Temple of the library, between the shelves for "School Records" and "Prophet Articles," Hermione withdrew her wand. She didn't hesitate for a minute. "Ostende verbum Eileen Prince!" Once again, she was met with disappointment as her wand didn't immediately light up. She crouched beside the shelves, moving her wand up and down the section that should have been the right time period for Snape, but didn't find anything. Hermione knew there were records of the girl because she had found them before. If only she could remember where… Maybe she was a bit younger? As Hermione turned to scoot farther down the aisle, her wand lit up something on the shelf for Prophet Articles. A bolt of excitement shot through her and she practically threw herself at the records, trying to find it again. There!
She withdrew the article and was immediately shocked to see the image of her professor, years younger but no less tired-looking, chained to a chair in the center of a courtroom. "SNAPE ACQUITTED!" the article proclaimed, and she buried her nose in it.

"The controversial trial of Death Eater Severus Snape ended today as the known You-Know-Who supporter walked free. The testimony of Albus Dumbledore, Headmaster of Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, convinced the panel of the Wizengamot that Snape had become a spy for the Order of the Phoenix (an organization devoted to defeating You-Know-Who and his forces) and had been integral to the progress that the Order had made. His information, according to Dumbledore, led to the increased protection of James and Lily Potter and their son, the now famous Harry Potter. Had it not been for the betrayal of Sirius Black, this protection might have saved the Potter family."

Hermione gaped down at the page. Could that be true? This new information was completely at odds with the way Snape always complained about Harry's dad. Of course, if he knew how important Harry was, that could make sense. But then, why did Snape hate Harry so much? Hermione shook her head. In place of answers, she was being given more questions.

"Severus Snape, son of Tobias Snape (a muggle) and Eileen Prince…"

Hermione froze. For one long moment she could only stare at the page as the shock fell over her in waves of comprehension. She was his mother! Then everything began to click into place, making incredible sense. Of course! Snape was a half-blood! Could that really be? But then again, so was Tom Riddle. And he must have been bitter about it as a Slytherin, with all of his Death Eater friends. There was no way he loved his muggle father and still joined the ranks of lord Voldemort. So he would cling to his mother's magical heritage and forsake his father's name. And if his mother had died, he would have a load of her old books. Everything seemed to click into place and Hermione felt incredibly foolish. And then relief washed over her at the realization that Eileen hadn't been her professor's lover.
But that relief was short-lived. Wait. And then a horrible pang of fresh jealousy slammed against her as she remembered that her professor had already admitted to loving Lily. And he had left the dark lord for this Lily, if Malfoy was to be believed. The only thing that had actually changed with this discovery was that Lily was not Eileen. So who was she?
No. Her eyes widened as she reread and reread the first part of the article several times. Throbbing agony filled the empty cavity of her chest as her heart hammered painfully. She couldn't breathe. Oh gods. She couldn't breathe. It cannot be. She choked on the realization as she read one line repeatedly.
"His information, according to Dumbledore, led to the increased protection of James and Lily Potter and their son, the now famous Harry Potter"
"His information", "increased protection", "Lily Potter."
"Lily Potter."
'She was a muggle-born,' he had said.
'My Uncle left his brothers for a woman.'
"Oh gods," Hermione murmured. She felt like she was trespassing on some terrible secret. It was a wonder he hadn't hated her for knowing this about Harry's mum.
Suddenly, the sound of students in the corridor brought Hermione back to the present. It was almost time for her next class! Stuffing the article into her bag, Hermione hurried out the door and ran towards Ancient Runes. She was certain that today's lecture would not penetrate the buzz of agonized chaos in her mind.
Harry's mom! He was in love with Harry's mom! Oh, Merlin, I am in over my head. And Harry's mom had married James Potter as soon as they left Hogwarts. Hadn't they been dating for several years before that? "She did not love me," he had said. She had chosen Harry's dad, which explained why he hated James as well as Harry. And now she suddenly realized that he had never said a word to Harry about his mum. But he left the dark lord for her.Hermione suppressed a gasp. Because Voldemort was going to kill them. Did he know about the prophecy?
Each new realization brought a wave of emotion with it. "Had it not been for the betrayal of Sirius Black, this protection might have saved the Potter family." No wonder Snape had been so furious at Sirius's escape in their third year. Gods. Everything he has done has all been because of her. Because of his love for her. Jealousy overwhelmed her senses and threatened to spill tears across her cheeks. And as the day pounded on, she remained lost in a blurred and emotional world of her own until the sharpness of her pain abated and anguish became dull ache.

When a bolt of fire seared Severus's left arm, he was immediately filled with dread. The dark lord did not often call his Death Eaters all together this early in the week. Which probably meant that he was only calling Severus. Unless something had happened. Or, perhaps because something had happened. Whatever the case, he was on his guard, and Granger needed to be too. So he carved a warning into the ring that he wore before heading up to his cavernous apparition point.
Malfoy Manor was indeed empty when he arrived. The dull tap of his boots on the marble floor and the swishing of his Death Eater robes were eerily magnified in the nearly vacant ballroom as he approached his master's throne.
"Severusss," the dark lord hissed as his spy took a knee before him. "I wonder if you have any newss from the Potter boy." There was a threat concealed beneath the question, and Severus worried that his answer would not be enough.
"The girl has informed me that the old man has begun to teach the boy Occlumency."
"Isss that ssso?" Severus kept his head bowed. He had nothing else to give his master. "You have had the little bitch for weeks. And this is all the information you have? Is this how you repay my generosity? Perhaps we can find a better use for the girl. Or, perhaps we no longer have use for her at all." The dark lord let those words sink in. He was bluffing, Severus was sure, but that did not keep his heart from quickening despite his outwardly calm façade. "Your sstudentss have been writing home that the Granger girl is seldom seen with Potter anymore. Iss thiss true?" Oh no.
"Forgive me, my lord. I had not taken notice, but I will be sure to demand her return to his side immediately."
"This is the purpose of your connection, do not forget. I am very displeased with you, Severus." There it was. Those were the words that so often preceded a bout of horrible punishment. Severus braced himself for impact, but he did not feel the fear. For the moment, all he felt was immense relief that the girl had not been called. "Rise, Severus," his master said, and Severus did not hesitate, though he knew what was in store for him the moment he stood on two feet.

Hermione had not felt the heat of the ring over the heat of her scalding shower. And so, she had fallen asleep unaware.
And in her sleep, she walked toward the silhouette of a familiar man. There was cold; snow. Everything was black and white; but for the window before the man to whom she walked. And as she approached, she could see that he did not feel the cold. He was numb from acclimation to it. It was all he'd ever known. And though she huddled, freezing in her own thin nightgown, she did not turn back. He needed her. And when she stood beside him, she could see into the window, where a red-haired beauty sat by a fire with another man. And the baby between them was pure love.
And as she turned to look at the freezing man, she saw the hunger in his eyes. For something he had never had. Unwrapping her arms from around herself, she laced her fingers with his own frozen hand and the warmth she had to offer drew his gaze away from the window scene. He was confused, but she offered him a smile and the window grew smaller, until they were without a light.
He had never known warmth or light, so how could he provide one? But she had. And she reached into the Darkness and withdrew a torch of Light. And the snow melted as the light spread until they were standing in a field of flowers. A familiar field of flowers. And together they worked to close the jagged wound in the earth.
Suddenly, she was falling and she screamed through the cold darkness an instant before she landed. Hard. And there was pain. She was awake. The man below her let out a snarl of pain as she landed against him but everything was too dark to see. It was cold and wet and Hermione knew that something was terribly wrong, but she had never been here. She did not know what was happening. She only knew that she was awake.
"Granger," the man growled. Snape. Snape was here. Oh gods! Hermione whipped her head around several times, searching for signs of Death Eaters, but everything was black. "Get off!" he snapped and she immediately complied, wincing at the horrible grunts of pain coming from her prone professor. "Cast Lumos," he growled and she could hear the strain in his voice.
"I can't," she murmured. "I don't have my wand."
"Here," he said, and she reached out but could not feel his proffered wand. "My arms are broken, Granger. You'll have to come here." Slowly, she moved back toward him, careful not to hurt him, feeling her way up his body with one hand. She found his wand and immediately cast the illuminating spell. He was not bleeding. She saw as much immediately, before registering their surroundings. It was a large cave with a dock of little boats and water sloshing against the sides as wind rustled the wall of ivy that dipped into it. They were on jagged, black rock and the place seemed somehow familiar, but she could not place it in her current state of confusion.
"Where..." she began.
"Hogwarts," he growled. "Granger, do you know the Charm to heal broken bones?" she nodded, wide-eyed. "Both of my arms and both of my legs are broken. I need you to heal them so that I can walk." Hermione hesitated, biting her lip.
"Perhaps I ought to fetch Madame Pomfrey…"
"No, Granger. Just heal my damn legs!" Compelled by the curse, she immediately pointed his wand at his arms and murmured the incantation. They snapped back into place with a horrible cracking sound before she turned to his legs. Two more horrible cracks were accompanied by strangled grunts of pain from her professor and Hermione's eyes filled with tears.
"Are you alright, sir?"
"I'm fine. Just help me up." She did as she was told, but he was weak and still in pain, so he leaned heavily against her tiny frame.
"What happened?" she gasped. How could he possibly have managed to break all four bones at once?
"The dark lord was displeased. Here, this way. Help me back to my chambers." He pointed her down a path she had never seen, but another exit from the cave struck a memory and she suddenly knew where she was. This was the cave that the first year boats led them to. This was the first bit of Hogwarts ground she had ever set foot on. But that night had been so stormy and so long ago that she had not recognized it. The steep incline down into the cave unnerved Hermione more than the darkness. She trusted her professor to know where they were going, but not to support himself on this slippery slope.
It was the very picture of her dream, she realized as she led him through the darkness, holding a light out to guide the way. And soon she found stairs carved into the rock and they followed those down. At the end of the interminable passageway there was a door and Snape opened it with a wave of his hand to reveal his bedchamber. Hermione gawked, but did not speak as she led him toward his bed and helped him onto it. "In that cabinet, there, are my potions. Fetch me a Strengthening Solution and one of the little purple bottles as well. That's for pain." When she turned to hand him his potions, he was attempting to pull off his heavy boots.
"Let me, sir," she insisted, handing him the vials. He allowed her, grunting in pain as she removed them as carefully as she could. Sweat was glistening on his forehead by the time they were both settled on the floor. He began to unbutton the constricting frock coat and she moved to assist him. When he was bare to the waist, she hesitated before moving to help him with his trousers as well. His sharp glance showed surprise, but he did not stop her. And soon her professor was naked.
Removing the heavy duvet, Hermione draped a sheet over the aching man. She bit her lip. Surely he would have warned her if there had been any possibility of her being called. But she should have known he was gone, all the same. He needed someone there to make sure that he returned safely.
"What?" he snarled. She flinched, but did not back away. Hesitating, she took a deep breath.
"Why was the dark lord angry with you?" He sighed deeply and closed his eyes.
"My Slytherins have been telling their parents that you do not spend time with Potter anymore." Her eyes grew wide and guilt clutched at her breast.
"I'm so sorry, Professor," she whispered in anguish, tears forming in her eyes.
"Don't be," he growled. "It's as much my fault as yours." She bit her lip. In the silence that followed, she studied the man before her; the man who had plagued her dreams; the man who still loved Lily Potter. It was hard not to feel lonely when she thought about how this man loved someone else as desperately as she loved him.
But that sentiment was quickly squashed by the crushing realization that Snape had always been alone. She had never questioned this fact before, but now, having pictured him with someone else—brewing potions, talking theory, sleeping next to one another—the sudden comprehension that he had lived his life in solitude was horribly sad. It made her want to hold him close and tell him that he was not alone anymore. That she would be here to take care of him.
And finally she seemed to understand that Lily didn't matter. And it didn't matter if he never loved her the way he had loved Harry's mum. All that mattered to Hermione was that she loved him and she wanted him to be happy, no matter the cost. And elation filled her at the sudden liberty that that presented. And her heart warmed with love for this man who had spent his entire life in pain and loneliness, fighting a cause in memory of a woman he had loved; a woman who had never loved him back. And all she wanted to do was let him know that he did deserve to be loved.
That he was loved.
"Your assistance was appreciated, Granger, but I am fairly certain I can find sleep on my own." She recognized the dismissal, but shook her head.
"Please, Professor," she murmured softly, "I will worry about you if I leave. Can't I please stay? Just this once?" He regarded her with suspicious confusion and she idly wondered if Severus Snape had ever woken up with someone beside him before. "Please, Professor? I promise not to disturb you." He hesitated another moment before letting out a long-suffering sigh that she knew he didn't really mean.
"Alright, Granger. But don't make me regret this." Hermione smiled as she climbed into bed with her professor and slipped under the sheets beside him. The only thing that could make this better would be to remove the sweat-soaked nightgown. Do I dare? She waited until her professor had turned out the lights and her eyes were adjusted, knowing that his would be too. Then she sat up in the bed and slowly lifted the garment up over her head, arching her back so that her breasts would be thrust out for him to see. She felt marvelously wicked doing it and a tingle ran down her spine at the sound of the soft material landing against the stone floor. Then she lied back and pulled the sheets up, almost to her breasts, but not quite. And she smiled into the darkness. Because he had ordered her not to make him regret letting her stay, and she would not have been able to strip if he had wanted her not to.
"Goodnight, Professor," she whispered into the darkness. And there was a long pause before she heard his whispered reply.
"Goodnight." It was all that he said, but she grinned happily up at the ceiling. Because that one word was a hard-earned victory.









Chapter 27





Chapter Text
It was getting late. At this rate, they would probably miss breakfast. And yet, Severus Snape just couldn't bring himself to stir the girl awake. Her naked body was draped over his chest; her breasts pressing against his skin and one leg swung over his thigh. It was hard to decide which was winning: the tender emotion brought about by waking up with Hermione, or the morning stiffness throbbing between his legs at her close contact.It was heavenly, lying here with her, imagining for a moment that nothing was wrong in the world. And it made him want to win this war and survive to see the other side of it. As if, then, perhaps they could be together. But that was folly; he knew that. The girl may have cared for him, but only because he had taken care of her, and lain with her, and because she didn't truly understand the horrors of his past. If she did—when she did—she would realize that he wasn't worth her affection. She would hate him.The girl stirred, arching her back so that her body pressed against his and her leg stretched farther across his waist so that he could feel her naked sex on his skin. Merlin, it was so tempting to roll her over and make sweet love to her as she woke. But they had already breached the strictly-business relationship that they were supposed to have, and it felt wrong to be romantically involved with a student. How had it come to be this way? Severus had always heard it said that sex changes things, but this wasn't only sex. He didn't just want Hermione; he needed her. And he wondered if the sentiment was mutual.Staring down at her sleep-mussed hair, he remembered a time when he had scorned her for it. Now, he had never seen hair more beautiful than hers. And through the dim light filtering into the room, strands of gold stood out amidst the brown curls and seemed to glow like a gilded veil; like a halo. His fingers twitched with the desire to bury themselves in those soft curls; and they were not the only ones. Severus marveled at his own control when all he wanted to do was run his palms across her flesh and pull her hard to him by the sweet swell of her round little arse. But he was afraid of how she might react. She would either be angry and repulsed and pull away, or aroused and willing and ready to please. And Severus wasn't sure which reaction he feared the most.As Hermione slowly drifted back to the realm of wakefulness, she became aware of hot flesh against her own and a chilly draft wafting across her bare back. She snuggled closer into the warmth that was her professor, even as she realized that that was who this was. Her cheek was pressed against his chest and she could feel his shallow breathing as her head slowly rose and fell to its steady rhythm. Next, she noticed that her bare breasts were pressed into his side, and she suddenly remembered that she was naked as she moved against him and felt his thigh between her legs.She froze. Her heart began to pound and a pleasant fire began to smolder deep inside even as she contemplated how to react. If she acted on her impulses, he would push her away. But if she pulled away, he would think she was withdrawing from him. Slowly, she allowed her eyes to open to the murky light filtering in through the giant window. It was a strange light; unnatural. And she curiously lifted her head to examine the source.Even her surprise at seeing her professor staring down at her was quickly drowned out by the surprise at the realization that his giant window did not show sky after all. But through the flawless glass she could see the depths of the Black Lake and only the portion of sunlight that could penetrate its murky surface. She lifted herself up for a better look, propping one hand on either side of Snape and gasping at the incredible view.She was not unaware of the way his eyes drifted down her body. This could be useful, she thought. It was a very Slytherin tactic and she almost grinned at the deviousness of it. She kept her eyes on the window a moment more, admiring the deep, green waters and the plantlife snaking its way up from the darkness below. Reaching toward the light. Then she collapsed back against his side with her head on his shoulder and her little hand curled up on his chest. She had not bothered to move the leg that still stretched across his waist.She pretended obliviousness to the stiff erection against her thigh as she toyed with the fine sprinkling of dark hair across his sternum. How could he refuse her now? She giggled. "I never realized," she murmured quietly, her voice rough with sleep. And finally, she turned her eyes up to his and smiled shyly. "I thought it was a normal window," she admitted, blushing."We're in the dungeons," he drawled ironically. But her heart rose at the sound of his voice. He was not pushing her away yet. There was hope. And besides, all she wanted in the world was for this man to feel loved."Are we?" she mocked. "And here I thought Severus Snape lived in a princess tower." She giggled and took his astonishment as an opportunity to lean up and place a chaste kiss upon his lips. He raised an eyebrow at her boldness, but she didn't back down. "How are you feeling this morning?" Professor? It hung on her tongue, but she did not want to push reminders of their relationship on him just now."Sore," he replied drily. "And tired. A certain bushy-haired know-it-all promised not to bother me and then proceeded to spend the rest of the night wrestling the sheets into submission." Hermione blushed."I kept you up?" she asked, her eyes wide. His lips spread in a mocking smirk and it fed her devious mood. "Oh dear," she pouted like a tease. Then she caught his eye. "Can I make it up to you?" His expression didn't change, but she could see the hunger in his eyes. She pressed her lips against his mouth again, longer this time. Even now, she could see that he was fighting with his own hands not to touch her. Well that will have to change.Slipping a hand behind his head, Hermione leaned up to place a kiss on his forehead and then the bridge of his nose. His breathing was shallow and quick, but he did not move, as if he were in some sort of trance. But she was an unstoppable force and would not back down. Leaning in again, she brushed her mouth against his and ran her tongue across his bottom lip. As she pulled it between her teeth to suckle and nibble it, her professor succumbed. Moaning deep in his throat, he twisted a hand in her hair, holding her mouth against his as he responded to her advances with a challenge of his own. And as his other hand ran circles across her lower back, his tongue slipped between her teeth to tangle with hers.Hermione moaned with a sudden surge of need and kissed him back as passionately as she could. His hand at her back stopped its circling to swoop lower and cup her backside, grabbing her roughly and pressing her hard against his body. She whimpered and began to move against him, breaking away from his mouth to kiss his neck and wrapping her arms around his chest.And suddenly he was above her, pressing her into the mattress as he captured her lips. His erection pressed against her thigh and she lifted herself to him, beckoning him to come to her. His hand came up to cup her breast, teasing her little nipple. He broke away from her lips to pull it into his mouth, suckling her, nibbling her. And she moaned at the sensation, wrapping her legs around his waist. "Please," she whimpered. And he complied readily, slipping inside of her and thrusting slowly against her as he covered her mouth with his own once more. And his hand kneaded her breast eagerly as he pressed inside of her. "Mmmm," she said against his mouth. "I love it when you touch me."His eyes ignited as he returned to kiss her with renewed vigor, clutching desperately at her soft body as he thrust anxiously inside of her. And Hermione had never known such happiness. Then his hand snaked down to where their bodies joined, and he teased the little nub between her folds as he thrust into her. His touch was electric and she soon found herself on the brink of orgasm, trying to hold it back a little longer. But he was an artist with his hands and as his mouth came back to capture hers, his lips sliding against hers, his tongue slipping between her lips, the fire was unleashed. Currents of hot electricity surged through her as her body was racked by pulses of pleasure and she cried out against his mouth. And as the throbbing ecstasy subsided, Hermione moaned deep in her throat."Please," she murmured. "I want you to come inside of me." He growled against her mouth, grinding hard against her until he came with a breathless gasp, pressing deep inside of her as if he meant to remain there. And his eyes came back up to hers. And he kissed her forehead, and caressed the side of her face. And she could see the raw emotion in his eyes even as it was swallowed up by fear and self-loathing. And he pulled away.Severus looked down at the beautiful girl in bed beneath him. He couldn't remember the last time he had felt so alive and… happy. Her smile was so cheerful and radiant… and young. Everything that he was not. And he knew that she never would have wanted to be with him if they hadn't been through so much together. The girl was innocent; naïve. She didn't know any better. And he was taking advantage of the situation because he had never had something like this before. But her willingness did not make up for the fact that she was a student and they didn't belong together. And if circumstances were different, Hermione Granger would end up with some brilliant youth with a promising future.He pulled away from her, unable to look her in the eye. His own were full of shame. They had crossed a line here. Sex was only something that they had to do. They had no choice. But this morning, there had been a choice. It had been gratuitous and against his principles. She is your student! And he was taking advantage of her adolescent hormones and the naïve attraction she had developed toward him based on the simple fact that they had been forced into this together and he was the only man she had ever slept with.And she was the only woman who had ever slept with him.Oh, there had been others. Barmaid sluts and airheaded women who thought that fucking a Death Eater was dangerous and sexy. And there had also been legitimate opportunities for relationships with decent women. Hell, there had even been a few students over the years who had developed fancies for him; not that he had ever even contemplated indulging them. But of the women he had brought to bed, no one had ever stayed the night. Until now. And it bothered him more than he could say that the reason he had allowed it had nothing to do with his attraction to her at all. He truly cared for the girl as he hadn't cared for anyone since Lily.Not that his fondness for Hermione could compare to the love he had had for Lily.
Could it?
But that was a thought he could not allow himself to contemplate. He could not be with Hermione, though she offered herself to him so freely. She was young and innocent. She didn't know better. She would have given herself to any man, given the circumstances. Hell, shouldn't that be clear from the fact that she had attached herself to him? Severus Snape, the bat of the dungeons, the greasy git, the Death Eater, the bastard… he was the very last person she ever would have cared for before."We've missed breakfast," he heard himself saying."That's alright," she murmured sweetly. And as she pressed a kiss against his shoulder blade, his eyes closed in regret. And he pulled away.Hermione dressed in a rush, using more magic than she usually did in the mornings and settling for the bare minimum preparation for the day. Her hair was tied back haphazardly with an old scrunchy, but at least it was clean. 'You know I will deduct points if you are late,' he had told her. And she knew it was true. His was her first class of the day, and she was anxious to beat him to it just to show she could.When she arrived, breathless from running most of the way, Harry and Ron were already waiting by the door. "Good morning," she said cheerfully upon approach."Was it?" came the voice of Draco Malfoy from across the hall. She snapped her head around to see his knowing smirk and blushed in spite of herself."Where've you been?" Harry demanded. "Ginny went to see if you were in your room, but you were gone." For one horrible moment, Hermione didn't know what to say."Library," she replied, just a sliver too late."Kinky," Malfoy snickered drawing a glare from the Gryffindor girl."And what the hell do you mean by that?" snapped the ever-dense Ronald Weasley."Simply that your little know-it-all would surround herself with books rather than candles. Is that how you get off Granger? Or does he have you play Librarian?" Hermione and Ron might have been competing for darkest blush at that pronouncement, but it was Harry who responded."Who?" It was more confusion than accusation, though Hermione could see the doubt in his eyes. But before Malfoy had a chance to say anything more detrimental, the man in question swept onto the scene."Good morning, Professor," Malfoy said sweetly. Snape only scowled and swung open the door to the classroom. When he was out of earshot, however, Malfoy looked pointedly at Hermione. "Or, so I heard."The class seemed somehow longer than usual. Malfoy kept sending her knowing leers which in turn caused Harry to give her suspicious glances and all the while Snape was avoiding her gaze. It was maddening. The man had made love to her with such intensity and passion, there was no doubting his affection. That was not merely lust (although, there was no small amount of that either). And yet, when it was over, he had been cold and distant, turning away from her. And worst of all, she had seen regret in those dark eyes. It hurt more than anything else. She hadn't asked him to love her or care for her or even to please her in turn. All she had wanted was to show him her own feelings. But he had responded to her touch and it was that response that he regretted, she was sure. Was it because he didn't care and didn't want to lead her on? Was it because he had given her something that he had never been able to give Lily? She supposed she would never know.Hermione's reverie ended when Snape sorted them into pairs for combat, placing Ron with Malfoy. That was a disaster waiting to happen if she ever saw one. And it soon became very difficult to keep from watching the pair as they became more and more aggressive. She knew that Ron was defending her honor, in a way, and he had a temper like Hagrid had a monster fetish.It didn't take long before the fight turned ugly and Ron—who had always been more brute strength than graceful dueler—charged Malfoy, rolling them into a fist-swinging heap on the floor. Harry jumped in to pull his friend off of the snobby Slytherin at the same moment that Hermione reached for him as well, knocking her right into the middle of the fight. They stumbled over each other and lost their balance, flattening Ron against the floor and knocking the wind out of Malfoy with their knees."Detention. All of you." Snape's voice boomed over the chaos. "You will report here after dinner. And 50 points from Gryffindor for an unfair fight. Three on one is pathetic and unacceptable." Harry tried to argue with him, but Hermione pulled him back."There's no use," she whispered. "He's not going to change his mind.""I have been reading about Portkey magic," the old man told him. "Most of this information is kept confidential to prevent the creation of illegal Portkeys. Obviously the most common forms have leaked to the public, but you would startle to see the number of other varieties. Here, for example." The Headmaster tapped a withered finger on the title of a section in the giant stack of papers. Human Portkeys: Conditional: Forced, it read. "There is another section for people who control their own Portkeys, which could be very dangerous information if it fell into the wrong hands. But this passage describes precisely what Miss Granger has been given." Given, Severus sneered bitterly. As if it were a gift."Have you determined if it will allow her to bring others with her?" he asked."Yes. That appears to be the case. However, the number of people who can be safely transported varies depending on the strength of the magic, which could be affected by the type of curse that was used. These documents say nothing of those specifics. But…" he hesitated, looking up at his dark servant, "I have no doubt that the Ministry keeps that information as well." Severus groaned."You cannot be serious, Albus. Can't we simply experiment with it? It can't be very difficult to discover the number for ourselves." Especially after he had just complicated things with Granger. They needed space to cool things down and correct the damage done."That would be rather irresponsible, Severus. Think of the danger you would be putting those people in. Not to mention the dangers of revealing the girl's secret to however many people, along with the fact that I know about it, and that we are all working together to use it against Tom." Severus sighed. The old goat had a point. He couldn't risk the girl's safety that way. "And besides, the distance would make a difference as well. I believe the calculations will be very precise and I will need to know the exact figures if I am to make an estimate any time soon." Severus pinched the bridge of his nose. "I know I ask a lot of you, Severus, but considering your other sacrifices, this one is really not so horrible. It's no secret that you loathe the girl, but she has fought for this cause since she was eleven years old. Surely you can find some common ground." The dark wizard guarded his expression. Oh, Albus. If you only knew."I was under the impression," their professor was saying, "that Gryffindors were known for their honor." He spat the word with such contempt that they all winced in unison. "An unfair fight is as much a mark of cowardice as it is of weakness." Hermione could see the fury in the eyes of her two friends and wished that she could explain that their professor was baiting them. "And as for you, Mr. Malfoy," Snape continued, "I do not know what you did to provoke such an attack, but a Slytherin should know how not to place himself in such a position." Malfoy was pouting in a desk as far away from the others as possible. He made no rebuke. "Now, as it has become painfully obvious that none of you possess any semblance of self-control, your detention will serve as an exercise to improve on that fatal vice. I trust each of you is aware of the potential dangers of acting on emotional impulses when confronted with the Dark Arts. Hopefully, this evening will improve your chances of survival when you are faced with that inevitable situation."Snape withdrew his wand and rearranged the room with a casual swish so that the four students were suddenly facing each other in a rough circle. The four pairs of suddenly wide eyes would have been comical if they hadn't been so afraid of what their professor had in store. "Remain still," he told them and they obliged without question as he waved his wand several times around the room, sweeping around them and murmuring incantations as he did. "Now, if any of you so much as change your position more than a few inches, you will meet with an unpleasant shocking sensation. You will find that this exercise will be far easier and less painful if you decide not to speak to each other. However, as I will be in the dungeons grading papers, you are welcome to try." He sneered maliciously at that and swept toward the exit. "I will return… eventually," he purred wickedly before banging the door shut behind him.For a moment, no one moved. Only their eyes swept the room in a worried glance to see how the others were reacting. As they had all been bracing themselves from the sudden movement of their desks, no one was leaning back comfortably. And no one dared to do so now. But soon anger filled their fearful eyes and Hermione worried that they would not last long in silence. Didn't Professor Snape realize the dangers of forcing them together right now? What if Harry or Ron demanded answers from Malfoy about this morning? It was a complete disaster."Bloody hell," Ron muttered eventually. He was half-leaned over his desk in a position that had to make his back ache and his face was turning red with rage. "He's bat crazy.""You'd know a bit about that, wouldn't you Weasley?" Malfoy managed a smirk through his own angry glare."Watch your mouth, Malfoy," Harry cut in. "That was what got us into this mess in the first place." Hermione didn't like the way this turn of conversation was taking them."Quiet. You'll only make it worse. Professor Snape said…""Oh what, Granger, did he order you to keep the peace?" Malfoy bit back and Hermione fell silent with fear. "You forget your place, mudblood…""Shut your mouth!" Ron shouted, leaning forward. "Ouch!" he yelped as his body jerked violently. "That bloody hurt!""Keep still, Ron," Hermione urged. This exercise, as Snape had called it, reminded her horribly of a muggle invisible fence. It was torture training at its core and Hermione couldn't believe her professor had used it on them. Of course, she knew that he had a point when it came to discipline. If they couldn't learn control, they would be the first casualties in the war to come. The thought made her shiver."Listen to your little mudblood," Malfoy teased. "She's probably used to this punishment, ay Granger?""Shut it, Malfoy!" She hissed in warning."Why's that?" Harry began. "Is that what the Death Eaters do? You would know." Malfoy's face darkened at that."Why don't you ask your little mudblood. She knows them so intimately, after all.""Stop it!" Hermione cried, leaning forward. And immediately a zap of electric current made her cry out in pain."What's he talking about, Hermione?" Harry's voice was full of concern."Nothing! He's just trying to rile you up.""Oh come on, Granger, you aren't ashamed are you? Don't want your little friends to know your little secret?""What is he talking about?" Ron demanded, shocking himself once again. Tears were springing to Hermione's eyes. This was a nightmare. Why couldn't Snape have foreseen this?"Oh, don't you know?" Malfoy spat, practically vibrating with anger. "Your precious little princess has been fucking her professor since the summer." The boys' faces were studies in horrified shock. "That's right! The little whore likes it, too, I hear." He turned to Hermione. "You didn't think it was all a secret, did you? You didn't think he didn't talk about it? How you squeal when he's inside you, how you beg him to fuck you harder. You're just his bitch, you stupid slut! Have you forgotten that he owns you now? You're nothing more than a slave to him, and if you believe anything else, you're a stupid fool!""You're a liar!" Ron shouted, red-faced from anger and from pain as he was shocked once again."If I were, would she be crying?" The boys turned to Hermione as she brushed away the fearful tears. Malfoy didn't know what he was risking. If the dark lord found out about this, they would all be dead. Comprehension was clear in the faces of her friends. There was no turning back now. They knew. She began to laugh bitterly."My thanks, Malfoy," she said, almost sobbing. "I was bound by the Curse not to tell them, after all. And you've saved me the trouble. Have you forgotten the initial purpose of it all? Have you forgotten that I am meant to be a spy for the dark lord? That I am forced to tell Professor Snape everything? And you've ruined the whole plan. Do you think lord Voldemort will reward you for that?" Malfoy flinched at the name and the color began to drain from his face in horrified fear. He clearly hadn't thought about that part of the deal."Hermione," Ron gasped. "Why didn't you tell us?" Hermione bit back a cruel retort."I've just said, Ronald, I couldn't." Harry was quiet; his eyes averted to the desktop."If you tell him," Malfoy began in a shrill, terrified voice, "he's sure to kill you. You're no use to him anymore.""But Professor Snape will know. And he will tell your father," Hermione bit back. Malfoy was a sickly shade of pale green as his eyes sought frantically for some solution."That bastard!" Harry finally shouted, pounding his fists on his desk and hissing from the pain of the shocking spell which only fed the fire of his anger. "I knew we couldn't trust him! I told you he was a Death Eater true and true! Do you believe me now, Hermione? That son of a bitch! I'm going to kill him! I'm going to…""No, Harry! Stop it!" Hermione cried. "It's not like that! He didn't have a choice, either! It was the only way he could stop Voldemort from killing me.""Ha!" Malfoy responded, "Is that what he tells you, Granger? I've seen the way he looks at you! Is that what he whispers when he brings you to his bed? It's all for your own sake? It's keeping you alive?""You don't know the half of it, Malfoy!""Oh and you do?"Harry reached for his wand, convulsing in pain before he could even withdraw it. "I'll kill that bastard!" he said."No! Harry don't be stupid! Let me explain!" Every movement sent shocks through her, but she paid the pain no heed. This was a disaster."No!" Ron shouted back at her, breathless from shocking himself, "You don't be stupid, Hermione! He's the greasy git! And you're sleeping with him?! I can't believe you fell for that! I can't believe you're still on his side! What are you, in love with him?!" There was a heavy pause in the midst of the ruckus and every eye turned to her. She blinked, not knowing what to say. What could she tell him? The truth? A lie? Neither was an option. But her hesitation was all the answer they needed."Gods, Hermione!" Harry scolded, "How could you?""You don't understand," she pleaded, "You don't know." It was all she could do to keep from sobbing. Malfoy had gone quiet, clearly contemplating his own predicament, if the fear in his eyes was any indication. Ron was quiet as well, staring down at the desktop as comprehension dawned across his face."You love him. You didn't want me, but you fell in love with the greasy git.""No, Ron," she whispered through the agony, "It wasn't like that." The tears were cascading down her cheeks and she wished she had her time-turner and could go back and fix this mess. But it was done. There was no going back now. Damn Snape and his ignorance of the situation! Damn Malfoy and his big mouth! Damn Harry and Ron for their prejudices! And damn the dark lord for it all! She lunged out of her seat, running for the door and tripping over herself in her pain to writhe on the floor, convulsing as the boys looked on, helpless."Hermione!" Harry screamed, trying to reach for her and falling back against his desk. And through the haze of consciousness, even Malfoy looked concerned. Their faces were blurring with her tears and a darkness that was settling on her vision as the pain seemed to dull slowly, as if it were a long way away. But a sudden bang jolted her awake a moment before she succumbed to the darkness and suddenly her pain abated.Everything happened at once. Harry and Ron jumped up and lunged at their professor as he swept to Hermione's side, pulling her to him. His ready wand sent the boys reeling backwards to crash back into their desks. Malfoy only watched with frightened eyes and Hermione suddenly found herself in Severus's lap."You little fool," he murmured, brushing her hair from her face. "I expected Potter, maybe Weasley, but not you." She could not respond, but pressed her eyes into his dark robes and sobbed heavily. "What happened?" he demanded of the room. All three boys were at a loss to explain as they watched the dark professor cradle the shivering girl. He stood, slowly, gracefully despite the weight of the burden in his arms. "Tell me!" he shouted angrily, to no one in particular. Hermione was compelled to respond."Malfoy told them everything," she said. And the room began to swirl with angry magic as the boys all backed away. Malfoy tried to make a run for the door and was suddenly thrown backward against a wall, though their professor didn't wield his wand."Fool!" he shouted. "Do you know what you have done?" He set Hermione on her feet and swept toward the frightened blond. "If the dark lord heard so much as a whisper about this you'd both be dead." Hermione slowly settled herself back into her chair. The boys were eying her with concern. "Dead, Draco. Do you think you are valuable enough to the dark lord to protect you from his wrath? You are wrong. He would kill you in an instant and then punish your father and me. And he would kill Hermione, as well. Is that what you wanted?" He had the boy pinned against the wall and Malfoy was whimpering with fear."No! I didn't know! I wasn't thinking!""No," Snape agreed, flinging the boy to the floor. "You weren't.""You bastard!" Harry shouted at last. His anger had only intensified in the interim. Snape's cold eyes turned on him in controlled rage. It was frightening to behold. But Harry did not heed his warning. "We know what you've been doing to Hermione! You may have fooled her, but you won't fool me! I know what you are!" And suddenly Snape was on him, grasping the front of his robes, their faces mere inches apart."What am I, Potter?" he growled, but Harry did not back down."A Death Eater," he seethed. And the Slytherin Head merely sneered down at him."Very astute, Potter," he replied, releasing the boy. "Draco, wait here for my return." It was clear from Malfoy's struggles that he couldn't have left if he wanted to. "You three," their professor continued, his voice an octave lower and dangerous. "Come with me."









Chapter 28





Chapter Text
"I cannot overstate the necessity for secrecy in this matter," the Headmaster was saying. "If the dark lord were to discover this folly, he would deem Miss Granger useless and either find a new use for her, or…" He broke off, but they all knew what he meant. Ron was glaring moodily out the window with his arms folded over his chest while Harry gripped his seat angrily in an effort to keep himself from attacking their professor. And between the boys sat a wide-eyed and worried Ginny Weasley. Dumbledore had had the foresight to know that she would be told this secret eventually and needed to be given the same warnings as the other two."What's more, if he knew of my own involvement, Professor Snape would be in peril as well. I must insist that Occlumency lessons continue immediately. For all of them." Snape and the boys all groaned in agony at that pronouncement. "Severus, I think you will need to include Mr. Malfoy." Ron dropped his head into his hands in defeat as their professor nodded. He was furious, but his own rage was kept under control, barely visible. The same could not be said of Hermione's good friends. "Although, under the circumstances, I think it best that he remain ignorant of my involvement. He must continue to believe that you are truly faithful to the dark lord. Your failure to report him should be seen as a favor to his father; or even a selfish desire to keep the girl. He cannot be trusted with any more information than he already has.""Of course, Albus," Severus replied. "I left him bound in the classroom, waiting for my return. Shall I bring him to Lucius?" The Headmaster nodded."As you will. Perhaps you can use it as leverage for our own ends." Severus gave a curt nod before sweeping from the room. The Headmaster turned to his students. "While it is true that Miss Granger was forbidden from discussing the matter with any of you, she concealed the fact that either Severus or I could have told you at any time. The real reason that we kept this information from you was for her safety and that of your professor. Until you are all accomplished in Occlumency your knowledge of her Curse will be a threat to both of them; and your awareness of my involvement will be a threat to the Cause. I must insist that you all treat these lessons as your highest priority. Much depends on them." He gave them each a hard stare and Hermione sighed wearily. The anxiety of the past hour had drained her entirely. "Now, I am sure you all have questions."Hermione knew that a thousand questions flitted through each of their minds at the prompt, but it was Ginny who spoke up first. "So… you're Snape's slave?" she asked in confusion. The poor girl had been thrown into the chaos with little explanation and left to catch up on her own. Hermione nodded, resigned. "And he… he… he raped you?" Hermione groaned. How could she ever explain? Especially with Dumbledore present."No. It wasn't like that. I was taken to Malfoy Manor, right? That was when I slipped away at Flourish and Blotts. It was my own fault, entirely. They were planning to use me as bait to capture Harry. But Professor Snape showed up and told them that Harry had been locked away and that he wouldn't be let out until I was rescued or killed. And Voldemort was ready to kill me, but Professor Snape stopped him, saying that he thought it would be a waste and I might have some use yet. He suggested the Imperius. He would return, pretending that he had rescued me miraculously under Professor Dumbledore's orders, but I would be under his control. But Voldemort said that was too weak; that Professor Dumbledore would notice and remove the curse. They needed something stronger."The Curse he chose involves consent; my consent. Basically, I sold myself into slavery and the price was my life. I would be forced to tell Professor Snape anything; do anything he told me to do. That was why he had to… they never would have believed…" Her eyes suddenly filled with tears of shame from weeks of concealing this secret. She remembered how horrible it had been in the beginning, and she had been so terribly alone. She remembered how Professor Snape had forbidden her from telling them any of it. "The other Death Eaters were jealous when they found out and demanded that he bring me to a revel." Ginny gasped in horror at that. "They wanted him to share, but he refused. The compromise was… was… they got to watch.""That bastard!" Harry shouted, rising from his chair and pacing the room angrily."No, Harry, haven't you heard what I've been saying? If it weren't for Professor Snape, I'd be dead.""Oh, sure, so this is his price is it? You're just repaying him?""No!" Hermione cried."Harry," Dumbledore interrupted, "Professor Snape and Miss Granger have both been acting under my orders. And I can assure you that neither one of them is happy with the situation." Ouch. That stung a bit. "But, as I was telling Severus just this afternoon, sacrifices must be made. It could have been much worse for them." Hermione's heart began pounding wildly at that pronouncement. It clenched tight and seemed to squeeze tears into her eyes, but she could not show the Headmaster how his words had affected her. So she swallowed her tears around a newly formed knot in her throat and focused on breathing; slow and deep."Sacrifice?" Harry was seething. "Oh sure, some sacrifice for him! The only one sacrificing here is Hermione! You can bet that old bastard enjoys every minute of it!""Harry," the Headmaster warned gently."Just think of it! He's always hated Hermione. He's always been cruel and horrible to her and all she's ever done is worked hard to do well in his class. Now she has to do whatever he tells her to! And she's forced to have sex with him!" Harry was fuming, but his words stung Hermione more than he could know. Although she was outwardly calm, inside she was a sea of turmoil. "And now he's brainwashing her into thinking that it's all for her safety and herbenefit and he doesn't want to hurt her. Ha! Snape has always tried his very best to make sure that he hurt her!""Maybe he's giving her something," Ron put in. "She hasn't been herself lately. And she sticks up for him, too.""Now, now," their Headmaster replied, calmly indulgent. "Let's not let our imaginations run away with us.""No, really!" Ron exclaimed, convinced now. "She… she's in love with him." Hermione's head snapped around to him in shock at that betrayal. But he was adamant that this new theory must be true. "The real Hermione never would have fallen in love with… with him!" She would have responded if she could only speak, and she belatedly noticed Ginny's worried eyes upon her. Ripping her own away, Hermione noticed concern in the Headmaster's gaze as well and thought she might die right then and there."Please, Professor," she pleaded, "Don't tell him.""Why, Severus, what a surprise." Lucius Malfoy glanced over the frightened form of his son, indicating that his presence was far more surprising. Severus said not a word, but closed the door to the elegant study, warding it thoroughly before turning his wand to the rest of the room and withdrawing a battered Sneakoscope. It did not move when he set it on the ornate, oak table, and Severus was appeased. One could not be too careful when discussing such things so close to the dark lord."We've had a little incident," he growled, thrusting Lucius's son toward him."Oh dear, Draco, what have you done?" the blond man drawled in a bored tone. But behind his nonchalance, Severus sensed fear."He had a bit of a spat with the Potter boy," the dark wizard began. Lucius sneered. That was hardly unusual and certainly not cause for a visit. "And he wisely felt the need to reveal certain secrets about one of Potters friends." Those ice-blue eyes snapped to Draco, growing wide with fearful comprehension."He didn't," Lucius hissed."Oh, I assure you," Severus growled. "He did.""Idiot boy!" the blond aristocrat spat at his son as he backhanded him across the face. Draco whimpered and cringed away from his father."I didn't mean to!" he whined. "I only meant to make him angry! I forgot why he wasn't supposed to know!" Lucius yanked the boy by his similar blond hair."We cannot afford to forget such things!" he hissed, throwing his son to the floor. "Fuck!" he shouted to the ceiling as he began to pace. "What shall we do?""What can we do?" Severus answered him. They both knew that it was Severus's duty to report this to the dark lord. But, obviously, he had not done so yet. Lucius seized upon that fact, twisting it to his advantage as he was wont to do."You won't tell," he said, closing in on his good friend. "You like the girl too much, don't deny it! You know that he would kill her if he knew." Severus considered him."He would kill Draco, too.""Do you mean to blackmail me, Severus?" From the corner of his eye, he could see Draco cringing at the word. Lucius Malfoy was the master of blackmail. It was an insult to have it turned around on him. He needed to step carefully. Malfoy pride was a powerful force and something to handle with care."Not at all, old friend," he purred. "I mean to keep this secret. But the boy is a threat to himself. I would teach him Occlumency.""Occlumency," the other man considered, thoughtfully. "Yes. A fine idea.""The others must be taught as well, of course," Severus continued, sounding bored. "If the dark lord were to capture one of them… it would not bode well.""The others?" Lucius snapped."Yes. Potter and his companions. I will tell them that the Headmaster commands it. For the moment, I have convinced them that the old fool knows. They think that this arrangement was made under his orders and that it was all for Miss Granger's benefit." He spat the name, but his perceptive friend saw through it."Severus," he began with a malicious grin, "you old fool; you've grown attached to the girl, haven't you? You care for her." Now for the trickiest decision. Admitting to this weakness would open himself to vulnerability, but for the moment Lucius was still more vulnerable than he. On the other hand, revealing this threat to his loyalty would put them on equal grounds and his friend would be more likely to confide in him. Their support for each other might even loosen the aristocrat's ties to the dark lord, with time."You would too, I dare say," Severus responded carefully. "She's a brilliant, passionate little beauty with a strong desire to please." Lucius smirked at him triumphantly. Severus had always known that the blond man's loyalty lay first and foremost with his family. Even the temptation and threat of the dark lord could not take precedence. Because, unlike the other Death Eaters, Lucius Malfoy knew love. And even his famous ambition could not trump that. If anyone, he would understand the power that Severus's affection had and the danger that presented to the Cause.It was risky, to be sure. But, then again, Lucius had admitted weeks ago that the dark lord was forcing a wedge between himself and his wife, Narcissa. It was understood, though no other Death Eater would see it, that that was a serious threat to his loyalty. And now they were on equal terms."Then the dark lord need not know," the elegant wizard purred as if it were his decision to make. Severus grinned conspiratorially at him."No. I quite agree."Hermione traced the sparkling side-ways figure-eight for the hundredth time. It was all she could do to keep her mind off of her present turmoil as she was currently ensconced safely behind the barricade of her bed-curtains. This book was proof that he didn't hate her, wasn't it? Not only because he had bought it (and it was truly an expensive tome), but because he had noticed her desire for it. Because he had followed her through the bookstore, clearly out of concern. Because he had been curious about her little research project and he respected the work she was doing. He hadn't made fun of her once. In fact, he hadn't been cruel to her in ages. And any jibes had been teasing jests, not insults.She had not had much of a chance to explore this text yet, and feared that her concentration would not hold at the moment, anxious as she was. But she flipped the book open to the Table of Contents anyway, and skimmed the list of chapters. The first chapter was a brief introduction to the concept of Infinity, but the second was dedicated to the symbol, itself. Curious, she turned to the page."The Lemniscate was first used to represent the concept of the Infinite in mathematical terms by John Wallis in 1655, but the symbol itself was much older. It can be found in religious texts, paintings, Tarot cards, and monuments from thousands of years ago and is even seen in the Arabic letters that make up the Name of God. It has been thought that the symbol came from the Roman numerals for 1,000 (CIƆ, or CƆ) which was often used to mean "many" as well. Other theorists believe that the lemniscate evolved from the last letter in the Greek alphabet (ω "Omega")."The symbol has often been shown as a variant of the ouroboros; the image of a snake eating its own tail which also symbolizes the infinite."The two sides are meant to represent the balance of opposites: male and female, day and night, dark and light…" good and evil, Hermione added in her head. Love and Hate. Order and Chaos."The convergent point in the center symbolizes the union of opposites, epitomized by sexual intercourse and the motif of 'two becoming one.' It is a symbol of wholeness and completion." Before Hermione had a chance to let that sink in, the voice of Ginny Weasley floated through her curtained wall."Hermione, can I come in?" she pleaded. Hermione sighed. It would be now or later, and she might as well put it all behind her as soon as she could."Sure, Ginny," she murmured, pulling aside the curtain to allow the pretty redhead into her bed. Ginny hopped up happily and studied Hermione's miserable face."Talk to me," the other girl demanded gently. Hermione almost laughed."What do you want me to say?" Ginny shrugged."It doesn't matter. But I know you'd have a hard time talking about this to the boys." Hermione's lips quirked and Ginny tilted her head in consideration. "You never let on," she said. "You never even hinted. And there I was blabbering away about having sex with Harry. And, gods, the whole time you were having sex with Snape! You must have been miserable! I'm so sorry, Hermione." The older girl shook her head, turning her gaze to the mattress."It's…" how could she possibly explain? "It's not like that, Ginny. I mean… it was at first. Sort of. Well, no, actually not even then. I mean, he didn't rape me. We… we were alone the first time. He wanted to make sure I was prepared before he brought me to the revel, and the Death Eaters would have been suspicious if… if I had still been… a virgin." She sighed wearily. "And… I mean… it was really awkward at first…""Yeah, I'd imagine so, it's Snape!""Yeah, I know, but it's not like you would think. He's really gentle and protective. And he can be passionate, too.""Oh gods, Hermione, we're talking about Snape here. The bat of the dungeons! I mean, what, did he use his hair grease as lube?" Hermione felt a surge of anger at Ginny's words and glared defensively at the other girl. Ginny held her hands up. "Gods, Hermione, I'm only joking. It's just… it's really hard to come to terms with, you know? I mean this is the man who used to take points from you for answering questions correctly. And now you're… you're head-over-heels for him!""I know," Hermione moaned, letting her head fall into her hands. "Believe me, I know. I didn't mean for things to go this way, but… but I've seen another side of him." Ginny leered at her."Oh, I know you have!" she joked. Hermione's lips cracked in a smile and she batted the other girl with a pillow."You would understand if you knew him like I do," she said, smiling. "You'd be surprised how caring and gallant he can be.""Mmmhmm," Ginny hummed, waggling her eyebrows. "So…" she purred, lying on her side and leaning conspiratorially toward her friend. "How is he?" Hermione felt her face grow warm as her lips stretched in an embarrassed smile. "That good?" Ginny gasped."Better," her quiet friend replied."Who wants to go first?" Snape's voice startled the boys out of their daze with a sharp jerk back to the present. All five students glanced around at the others, hoping someone else would volunteer. Their professor had just finished repeating the same lecture he had given at Grimmauld Place this summer. Harry and Ron hadn't listened that time either, but Hermione could practically recite it by heart at this point. The new additions to their little class, Ginny and Malfoy, both looked equally intimidated and afraid. The other two had regained their angry scowls and Hermione realized that she would probably have to go first after all. "Mr. Potter?" Snape suggested wickedly. Harry jumped."No," he said angrily. "No. I shouldn't even be here. What will Voldemort care about the two of you if he captures me?" There was a tense pause. Both Malfoy and Snape had winced at the mention of the dark lord's name. And now, Harry and his professor were having a glare-off."Miss Granger," that silky baritone began, dangerously low, "kindly give Mr. Potter a good whack in the back of the head." There was nothing for it. He had issued a command. Before the rest of the group had even registered what their professor had said, Hermione had taken her hand hard to Harry's dark hair."I'm sorry!" she cried as Harry turned to her in shock and Malfoy burst out laughing. Then Harry was out of his seat, wand in hand, advancing on his sneering professor. But he didn't make it very far before he was suddenly blasted back into his chair. And he crashed against it with such force that it tipped backward to clatter against the floor."You bastard!" Harry shouted angrily. Ron was on his feet."50 points from Gryffindor, Potter. Care to make it a hundred?" The two boys folded their arms angrily, but returned to their seats."I'll go first, Professor," Hermione offered. On either side of her, Malfoy and Ginny sent knowing looks her way as she stood to face Professor Snape."Very well, Miss Granger," he purred and she felt a shiver run down her spine. "Try to distract me." He lifted his wand and poised for attack. All she could do was brace herself."Legilimens!"









Chapter 29





Chapter Text
Hermione scanned the Table of Contents of the large tome for her query. She had found the book with the help of her Ostende Verbum spell and brought it to a secluded table in one of the shadier corners of the library. Yin and Yang, the chapter was called. Perfect. The idea had come to her from something she had read in the Infinity text. It had described the infinity symbol as a balance of opposites, and that brought to mind images of the black and white ball she had always associated with Chinese Philosophy. She turned to the page."Yin and Yang are opposite yet not opposing. They represent the dual nature of the Universe; the balance of opposites that creates a stronger whole. Where Yang is the light of the Sun on the mountain, Yin is the shadow behind, in the valley. As the Sun moves, so do these forces. And what was obscured is revealed. And what was revealed is obscured. There can be no shadow without light. There can be no light without shadow."The branches of a tree may seek the Sun, but the roots below reach into Darkness. Yang is the sun: masculine, aggressive, hard, hot, dry, fast, and focused. Yin is the moon: feminine, passive, soft, cool, wet, slow, and yielding."A stone is dropped into a pond. The waves it creates go both above and below the surface; Crest and Trough. These two begin together from a point of quiescence—of emptiness—and they continue until quiescence is reached again. When one extreme is reached, it turns to the other direction, as a crest becomes a trough. It is a never-ending cycle."This is the nature of the world. Like the Celtic Tree of Life, the Universe is cyclical. The branches become the roots become the trunk become the branches. The phoenix burns and is born again from the ashes. The snake eats its own tail; beginning where it ends."Fascinating. The image of a snake eating its own tail was also said to be one of the images of infinity. And snakes seemed to be popping up quite a lot in her research of late. Hermione abandoned her book where it was and went in search of a book on the subject of that snake.The Ouroboros, the book was called. Hermione flipped to the first page. It began by describing the image as a symbol of a cyclical eternity, and also anything originating at the beginning of the world and persisting immortally. She thought that was a strange concept. Had anything ever truly existed forever? But then she remembered the Myth of Eros and the idea that Love had been born from Chaos to create the world. She thought of Yin and Yang. "These two begin together from a point of quiescence—of emptiness…" it had said, "and they continue until quiescence is reached again." That thought was rather disturbing to Hermione. When Love had been born, had that also created Hate? Then something else caught her eye."Cleopatra the Alchemist used the image of the Ouroboros to depict the cyclical nature of the Magnum Opus and the creation of the Philosopher's Stone.""You've got to be kidding me.""In Ancient Egypt, the snake biting its tail was a symbol of the disorder surrounding the world and periodically renewing it." Hermione shivered. From quiescence to quiescence, she thought. It was a symbol of Chaos; another serpentine Chaos Monster. She'd have to give that Serpents text another look."In Greece, Plato described the first living being as a circular entity that ate itself and was immortal." Hermione squinted down at the page. Plato was a philosopher, not a scientist. Was this being a metaphor for something else? After all, no such being existed to this day (that she knew of) and it was described as 'immortal.'"In Gnostic texts, the image represents the soul of the world…", "The Mithran Mystery Cults of the Middle Ages saw the Ouroboros as a symbol of the immortality of the soul and the cyclical nature of Karma…constantly dying to be born again…", "Symbolizes the duality of nature and is often seen painted half black and half white, similar to the Taoist Yin-Yang…""Hello, Hermione." The surprise of Luna's voice beside her jerked Hermione back to the present with an unsubtle yelp. "Oh, I'm sorry. I didn't mean to frighten you. I only wanted to say hello." Hermione almost laughed aloud."It's ok, Luna. I just wasn't paying any attention.""That's alright." The pretty Ravenclaw turned her eyes to the books on Hermione's table. "Oh, are you reading about Yin and Yang?" Her excitement was tangible as the slim blonde seated herself beside her Gryffindor friend."Oh… er… yeah. I was," Hermione fumbled."Nifty. Father's always talking about the Yin and Yang of the planets. It's really important to know about when you're trying to plan something important.""Is that so?" Hermione always took Luna's words with more than a grain of salt."Oh, yes. Each of the planets is either Yin or Yang. Except some of them are both. Astrology is very useful." Not long ago, Hermione would have waved the girl's words away at the mention of Astrology. But lately, that had become an interesting topic to her."Do you know a lot about Astrology, Luna?""Certainly. As above, so below. As within, so without. As the universe, so the soul." Hermione blinked."What?""Why it's the Law of Correspondence, of course. The Universe goes through cycles, and we are part of the Universe." The cyclical nature of the Universe,Hermione thought. She could only shake her head. "Then there's the Law of Alchemy and the Law of Beginnings.""The Law of Alchemy?" She could have laughed aloud."Yes. We each have all of the energies inside of us. The ones we suppress or deny are the ones that come back to haunt us." Like Voldemort and Love?"You have to take responsibility for your actions and let go of your fears if you want to find harmony. But whatever you try to ignore inside of you will manifest externally.""Fascinating.""And the Law of Beginnings says that the beginning of something holds all of its potential for the rest of its life and longer. All of our potential is there when we are first born. And all the potential of the Universe was there at the beginning as well." Chaos. Love; Hate. She remembered her dreams. Looking through a window at a beautiful couple, and the baby in their arms was pure love. Harry. He was standing on an altar, facing the father of all monsters. And he destroyed it with a sword of bravery. Because, like King Arthur, Harry deserved to win. He was doing it because it was the right thing to do; the final stage of Kohlberg's theory. And that was because he knew love, which Voldemort never would. Because he himself had suppressed it and denied its energy within him.It was a risky move, but a vital one nonetheless. If Lucius was right, and Narcissa was warming up to him again, the slim chance of him turning from the dark lord would be destroyed completely. But he had a sneaking suspicion that Narcissa would be the first of the Malfoys to break faith. If she was given a reason.All he could do was hope that this would not backfire and blow up in his face. He would have to be careful and clever if it was going to work. Good thing he was both."Severus," the beauty purred as she held out a hand for him to kiss like the queen she pretended to be."Narcissa," he responded affectionately, "you look well.""That's sweet of you to say, Severus, but we both know it isn't true." He had no answer for that. Narcissa Malfoy was usually one for polite courtesies who preferred not to acknowledge the brutal truth of things. It made him uncomfortable that she was not acting herself when he was depending on his ability to read her in order to manipulate her. She did not give him the chance to respond. "These are difficult times," she said, sounding weary. "For all of us.""Too true," he replied. She gestured him into her sitting room and offered him a cup of tea, which he accepted. "Black," he told her when she offered him cream and sugar. He was surprised to see her take hers the same way. Narcissa Black had always taken her tea with both like a prim lady, the way she took everything else. Narcissa Malfoy, he realized, was made of stronger stuff. A taste of her tea confirmed it."You have asked me not to tell my husband of this meeting. May I ask why not?" Straight and to the point, bolder than she had been last he saw her. Living with the dark lord did strange things to people. It toughened them.Or broke them."Lucius would prefer for you not to know about the latest news concerning your son," he began, knowing that would spark her interest and put him automatically on her side."My son?" she asked, the glimmer of alarm in her voice."I am telling you this because, as his mother, I believe you have a right to know. But I do ask that you keep your knowledge of it a secret from Lucius. It would not do for him to be angry with me and he is already so upset by your recent… coldness toward him." She took a sip of her tea, slanting her eyes at him over the cup."I will not tell him," she vowed. "What has happened to my son?" Severus suppressed a sneer. It was a rare occurrence for something to happen to Draco Malfoy. Usually, he was the one causing the happenings."You are aware of my current, shall we say, involvement with Hermione Granger?" She nodded, squinting her eyes. "It would seem that Draco forgot the initial purpose of the arrangement and deemed it necessary to explain to Mr. Potter the recent strange behavior of his bushy-haired friend." Narcissa's eyes grew wide, but she showed no other reaction. "I have striven to smooth over the worst of it, but the true threat lies with the dark lord. Were he to discover this blunder…" he paused, judging her reaction, "the boy would likely be killed." To her credit, the elegant blonde remained amazingly composed, though her complexion drained of color."What have you told the Potter boy?" she whispered. The fear was in her voice, not in the tone, but in the strength of it."I have convinced him that Albus Dumbledore is aware of the whole situation and using it to his advantage. I, his faithful spy, have been feeding the dark lord crafty lies, and protecting his friend in every way I know how." He sneered contemptuously. Those elegant eyes were focused on his intently, her expression unreadable."You will protect Draco?""Of course. I am his godfather and Lucius is my oldest friend." She took a sip of her tea, considering him. The look in her eyes made him feel uneasy. But if nothing else remained of the woman he knew, it was certain that she loved her son and husband more than anything else in the world. He did not doubt her loyalty to them."You like this girl." It was an accusation, not a question. He did not deny it. Dropping his eyes to his lap momentarily, he answered her with studied hesitance."She… has served me well," he told the woman. And to his surprise, she smiled."Has she?" she mocked and Severus shifted uneasily in his seat."I have never been one for the violence and impersonal nature of the revels, I confess. The girl is forced to obey my every command without question. It is only natural that I would become possessive." She tsked him gently, smiling a secret smile."Oh, Severus," she laughed, "you are so obvious." He kept his expression unreadable, but his heart pounded anxiously in his chest. "You care for the girl." She said it with certainty, and he knew he could not dissuade her. It unnerved him that the Malfoys had both seen how he felt about Granger. Was he so easy to read? He would need to be more careful. If the dark lord discovered this secret, she would be lost. Unless I rebelled. The thought shook him to the core. Never had he considered that he might openly defy the dark lord. His place was by his side, and Albus's; a spy balancing carefully between two treacherous seas. The future of the Wizarding World depended on his determination not to break with that role.When he met her eyes again, he could see her sweet concern. "Don't fret, Severus. He will never see it. He is not like me. Or you. He is blind to love." Love? Now she talks of love? Severus swallowed. How had this conversation gone so far from its course? There was another issue at hand."I was hoping to speak to you about that." She raised an eyebrow in surprise."About your marriage and the recent troubles you've been experiencing." She sighed and leaned back in her chair."I don't know what Lucius has told you, but there are always two sides.""Of course," he allowed, feeling more comfortably in charge now."I know he can't just wave his wand and bring our old life back, but I can't pretend that I'm not unhappy, either. And I refuse to be complacent and allow our family to fall to ruins.""I understand that," Severus said. And now came the truly difficult part. What he said now could have the effect he desired, or bring about disaster. "But you must consider, Narcissa, Lucius's loyalty is, first and foremost, to his family. Think of the dangerous position you have placed him in. If you continue to pull away from him, he may be tempted to desert the Cause." He let that sit in for a bare moment. "And that would be foolish," he finished, sure to sound concerned and not threatening. He hoped to the high heavens that Narcissa Malfoy was as sick of the dark lord as he believed her to be.Hermione hesitated. Come to my office, the ring had said. It couldn't possibly be good news. But he was waiting. And besides, she hadn't seen him all weekend, since their Occlumency lesson Friday night. Merlin, that had been a disaster. Harry had fought his way through the entire lesson, Ron had made an ass of himself, provoking Snape's teasing which only made the Chosen One that much angrier. Ginny kept sending her lurid winks and she was pretty sure their professor had seen the other girl's memory of their chat in her bed. Then Malfoy had stood up for his turn and done magnificently to spite them all.There was nothing for it. Embarrassed she might be, but she couldn't avoid him forever. There was only a few seconds' space between her knock and his answer, yet she managed to lose her breath all the same. When she pulled open the door, he was slashing a quill across some poor student's essay."Have a seat," he growled, not looking up from the parchment on his desk. She took the opportunity to look at him and brace herself for when those deep dark eyes inevitably turned on her. He looked tired, she decided. Of course, he always looked tired. But they had been through a lot in the past few days and she knew he bore the brunt of it, though she had to deal with her friends. At least they were on her side, although they didn't seem to understand that there really wasn't a her side and his side. She sighed at the thought. "Patience, Granger," he told her. Heat crept up her neck."No, I was just…""Quiet." She snapped her jaw shut and glared at him. By now he knew that she had to obey any command that he gave her. It was no excuse to say that he hadn't thought about it. But she couldn't stay mad. Truth be told, her heart ached for him. Even now that everyone else knew her secret and she had all the support in the world, she still wanted to be with him. He set down his quill and leaned back in his chair, studying her. That inky stare made her heartbeat quicken and her breathing grow shallow as a pool of fire tightened in her belly."I have spoken with Lucius," he said at last. Somehow that phrase had come to have a completely different effect on her than it had before. A flush swept her skin and made her pleasantly uncomfortable. He sighed in resignation and leaned against the desk. "Granger, we cannot forget what our purpose is here." What? "You are my student and I am your teacher." Oh. "Anything more is… wrong." She did not respond. "I apologize for taking advantage of your weakened state…" Hermione attempted to cut him off and realized that she was still incapable of speech. Fire burned in her eyes. "You are young and your hormones are new and overwhelming. You have no experience, so you have developed an… attachment to me that is… unhealthy. I am twice your age and a Death Eater besides." His eyes met hers."One day you will see that I am right. I would hate to think that you would look back and believe that I have taken advantage of your naiveté. When this war is over, the Curse will be broken and you will meet someone more… appropriate. A handsome youth with a bright future. For now, we will only do what we must. And I hope that one day you can forgive me for my weakness. I never should have crossed that line."The anger at not being able to respond had finally faded to be replaced by an overwhelming sadness and Hermione stared down at her knees. Her obvious affection made him feel guilty. Because he could never love her back. It didn't matter to her that he would always love Lily Evans. She knew now that she loved him regardless. And all that mattered was his happiness. But apparently her open affection made him uneasy. He could not enjoy her attentions when all he wanted was Lily. But I can't give him Lily."That being said," he continued when it was clear that she was not going to respond, "are you free tonight?" A tiny, sad laugh escaped her and she felt a rush of tears behind her eyes. But she would not let them come."Yes," she answered. She had come to learn that the commands he gave her were not hard to break. A direct question broke the compulsion to be quiet. Falling down broke the compulsion to maintain eye contact. It was quite reasonable. Somewhere in the back of her mind she wondered what would happen if he ordered her not to breathe. Would fainting break that command? Or would she suffocate?"Good," he was saying. "I will call you at ten. Make sure you are alone."Nine came quickly enough, but that last hour seemed to drag. She isolated herself from the others, not wanting them to know what was happening, for the shame. They saw her head up to her dormitory, but they did not know about his ability to call her to him at any time. That secret, at least, remained to her. She pulled on the familiar nightgown and stared at herself in the mirror. No. She always wore that nightgown. This time, she would wear something different.Her favorite soft grey shorts had been lost to the revel that night, but she pulled out some blue ones. She would wear them inside-out and maybe he would remember how she'd done that back at Grimmauld Place. If he notices. She pulled off the nightgown and paused as she caught sight of her pristine white panties in the mirror. Perhaps she should wear the lace tonight. No, she told herself. Those are for a special occasion. Not for Lucius. Of course, if Snape got his way, they would never have a special occasion without Lucius.Finally, she decided not to wear underwear. That was a good compromise, she decided, and wicked enough to shock Snape. Would he be aroused by her boldness? Or would he see through it and think her pathetic? She found that she didn't care. She was not wearing knickers, dammit, and bugger his reaction.Only she really did hope that he liked it.Braless, she slipped on a soft t-shirt and climbed into bed. That first time, she had landed in his bed in the same position she had been in in hers. Her lips quirked in a mischievous smile. She could have fun with this.Severus sat on the end of his bed with his head in his hands. How had he come to this? There were five minutes remaining and already he was hard with anticipation. Pathetic. He supposed a taste of sweet, young flesh left a man craving more. But he was lying to himself. Even Narcissa Malfoy had seen through that deception. And he had known it for a long time. Somehow, some way, Severus Snape had come to depend on the little Gryffindor girl. It was absurd. It was ludicrous. It was an abomination. And yet, it was true. He didn't just desire her. He cared for her. Deeply. And it made him scared.When the time came, he moved to sit against the headboard and waved his wand at the mirror before pressing it into his forearm. Part of him despised Lucius for making him do this.And part of him loved the man.Hermione landed with her face in the crotch of her professor's trousers. That had been her intention, and she had wanted it to be sexy, but the surprise of it caused her to laugh aloud into the fabric as she turned her face to his. He was clearly horrified and then just as obviously humiliated and she belatedly realized that he was already hard. The thought sent shockwaves of desire through her. He wants me. But Severus Snape was a complicated man and his embarrassment only caused him to draw further into himself. She could feel his coldness as surely as she could feel his heat."Sorry Professor," she said, her face red as she smiled up at him. For once, it was to her advantage that he was playing to an audience. Rather than push her away, he did what Lucius would expect him to do: he began to unbutton his trousers. Hermione's breath came quick and a fiery tension grew between her legs with each button undone. She could smell the scent of him; a heavy, masculine scent that made her press against the mattress, demonstrating her need. One glance at those dark eyes told her that she was exciting him.Those big cinnamon eyes were so full of mischief that he had no doubt she'd done it on purpose. He was at once angry and thrilled. But it was clear what he would have to do, and part of him was glad to punish her for her misbehavior, at the same time that he realized he'd be giving her exactly what she wanted; what he had already told her she couldn't have. But her apparent arousal was wearing down his resolve and he was quickly forgetting that this was strictly business.When her little hand reached up to help him with his buttons, he almost moaned aloud. Was it so wrong for him to enjoy your youthful energy and sweet body thrumming with adolescent hormones if she was enjoying it too? And then her hand was around his cock and his head fell back against the headboard as she began to move it up and down the length of his shaft. Reality could wait. For the moment, he was in Heaven.He was so hard and Hermione marveled at the power she had over him as she watched his head fall back in ecstasy. Oh yes, he wanted her. And he had wanted her. He just didn't want to admit it. Well that was fine. Somehow, some way, she would make him happy and appease his guilt at the same time. He needn't feel like he was using her. After all, this was strictly business. She grinned and lowered her mouth him.When Severus felt the wet heat of her mouth close on the tip of his shaft he couldn't suppress the moan of agonized pleasure. She felt amazing. And when he looked at her, she was staring back at him, mischief in her eyes. Gods help him, she was enjoying this. Her mouth slid slowly down, taking him in until he could feel the softness of her throat, and then slipping back up to release his head with a wet pop. He jerked involuntarily at the sensation and she grinned wickedly, lowering her head back down to him.Hermione was amazed by the effect this slow torture was having on her own nerves. She quickened the pace, marginally, but maintained a teasing rhythm that made him growl. His legs were moving restlessly as she sucked and licked and teased his throbbing member, but he refused to buck against her. When, finally, his hand came up to tangle in her hair, she groaned deep in her throat at the victory and began to press against the mattress.The chit was a wild woman. She took him as deep as he tried and then farther. Her moans of pleasure were all the encouragement he needed as his fingers curled around her hair and guided her faster and faster, deeper and deeper, harder and harder. Looking down, he realized that she was still fully clothed. Well, a wave of his hand fixed that. And although he had only stripped her of her shorts and tee, she was suddenly naked before him. He groaned at the wonderful sight.The chill air of the dungeons hit her skin and she suddenly knew what he had done. Fire traced across her spine and between her legs to settle in the brazier in her belly. His hands dipped down to cup her breasts and Hermione whimpered with need. Bringing a hand up to help her in her task, she sent another down between her legs to touch herself the way he had.Severus had never felt anything so wonderful. She looked so beautiful and she felt so wonderful. And when he saw her snake a hand between her legs, it took all of his willpower to keep from coming in her mouth right then and there. "Merlin," he cried, pulling her away. "If you keep on like that I'm going to come.""That's the idea," she told him, grinning. And though he tried to stop her, she would not be denied.Hermione was so close to the edge. She would not let him halt her now. And as she slid her mouth over his hard cock until her jaw ached, she thrust hard against the fingers of her other hand.Suddenly he was past the point of no return. There was no stopping it now. He was going to come. His body tensed as her mouth worked harder and faster to please him without his assistance. He tried to push her away, but she fought him back, her eyes glinting. And he succumbed. His head fell back against the headboard as he burst inside her mouth, waves of hot pleasure surging through him and emptying onto her eager tongue.Hermione knew he was going to come when he tried to push her away, but she wanted to taste him. She wanted to see his eyes go wide when he realized that she was going to swallow his seed. And she was not disappointed. The agonized bliss of his expression sent her over the edge and she groaned around his pulsing cock as she came against the mattress. Wet electricity coursed through her loins as she shattered. She was tingling all the way to her tiptoes when she swallowed. He tasted salty and he moaned when she withdrew him from her mouth; clearly he was rather sensitive. It left her feeling sated and triumphant as she grinned up at him.When the last tremors of pleasure faded away and Hermione swallowed his seed, Severus felt a rush of guilt. He hadn't meant to come into her mouth. "Forgive me," he said, meeting her gaze. He was going to explain, but she cut him off."For what? You didn't do anything." She grinned up at him, that spark of mischief still gleaming in her eyes."You're right. Let me pleasure you." Hermione pulled away and shook her head as it dawned on her that her professor didn't know that she had come. Better he didn't know, she decided."Don't be silly, Professor," she said sincerely. "What would Lucius think?" She had to suppress a grin as his hand waved toward the mirror, cancelling the charm."There," he said. "Come here." Hermione immediately obeyed, straddling her professor's lap. She wrapped arms around his neck and met his sated gaze evenly."We shouldn't," she whispered, turning her eyes away sheepishly. She began to grind against him and was surprised and thrilled to feel him hardening beneath her. She stopped. "We'd be crossing the line." She met his eyes again, expressing her sorrow only for an instant before turning away. "And as much as I would love to do that," she whispered, moving against him with only a ghost of the strength from before, "I would hate to go against your will just because you feel guilty." She tried to slip away, but he held her still with two strong hands tight on her thighs."I'd rather you went away satisfied. I'll feel worse if it's only me." She smiled sadly up at him."My pleasure was never part of the deal, Professor. Lucius got what he wanted. Tomorrow, you'll get the files Professor Dumbledore wanted. And then it's a closed deal. Everybody leaves happy." She let her smile droop a little as she tried to pull away again."I don't like it," he said, obviously out of arguments. She shrugged and gave a tired sigh."You don't have to like it. It's just business." With that, she slipped off of his lap, leaving him hard and alone. She took her time crawling off of the bed and turned dressing into a subtle strip-tease in reverse. Let him regret his decision. Let him change his mind. "May I use your floo, Professor?" He nodded silently, still frozen in his place at the headboard. She imagined he'd stay that way for a little while, debating. At least, she hoped he would.But as she slipped off to sleep that night, Hermione Granger was smiling happily. Because she had tricked the slyest man she'd ever met.
And he wants me.










Chapter 30





Chapter Text
It was a chilly October afternoon as the Golden Trio made their way down to visit Hagrid before dinner. The crisp cold was a welcome respite from the heat of the Room of Requirement. Harry had decided to get the D.A. back together and their first lesson had left everyone exhausted. To be honest, Hermione wasn't sure how they were going to manage it all. Between real classes, Occlumency lessons, nightly patrols, Quidditch for the boys and Snape duties for her, they were already running out of time. An essay was due for Flitwick tomorrow, one for Transfiguration the next day, and even the Brains of the Golden Trio was behind on their reading for Binns. But, as Harry reminded her, the D.A. was of utmost importance. They would just have to find a way.By the time they reached Hagrid's hut, the chill had penetrated their thin robes and the warmth of the half-giant's hearth was an inviting beacon of comfort. "Was wond'rin' when you'd come an' visit me," Hagrid was saying. "Yer lucky I happen ter have some cakes ready." All three winced at the prospect of the rock cakes, but Hagrid didn't notice."How have you been, Hagrid?" Hermione asked, delaying her first bite of the petrified pastries."Oh, well 'nuff. I 'spect you lot've been busy too what with this bein' yer final year an' all.""Yeah, we have," Harry admitted with a sullen look at Hermione. "And there's Quidditch besides. That takes up most of our free time.""O' course it does," Hagrid agreed. "Gryffindor'll win that trophy again, I've no doubt." Hagrid laughed and then frowned down at the untouched rock cakes. Hermione took the hint and lifted one to her mouth, near chipping a tooth in the process. "Are ya excited 'bout Halloween?" Three wrinkled brows answered him."That's not for a couple of weeks, yet," Harry told him."Oh sure, sure. But ol' Horace Slughorn's havin' a Masquerade. 'Aven't you heard?" They shook their heads. "You bes' start working on yer costumes. I hear there's ter be prizes fer the best ones." In years past, that may have inspired excitement in the now-sullen Trio, but they all had far too much on their minds to worry about a costume contest. "Why so down, ay? From the look o' it, you lot could use a bit o' cheer.""There'll be cheer when the war's over," Harry muttered gloomily."Oh, yeah, you three've been through a lot this year, 'aven't you? Hermione especially, I understand." All three heads popped up at that pronouncement. "Don' worry. I'm not gonner tell. It's right lucky Professor Snape was there ter safe you, though." Harry jumped up angrily. Oh no. Just when she had thought that he was getting over it all…"Oh yeah," he seethed, "real lucky.""Harry, stop it," she told him in a hushed tone. The last thing she needed was someone else knowing her secret. Hagrid looked confused."Well… the way I understand it, she woulda prolly been killed if 'e 'adn't shown up." Harry didn't seem to hear him. He was staring moodily out the little window that faced the school. The other three exchanged confused glances, but Hermione was worried that Harry was about to give her away."Snape's a right evil git," the dark-haired boy was saying. Hagrid frowned."Now Harry, Professor Snape is an Order member. It's 'is job to protect you three. I know he looks scary, but Professor Snape is a lot like Norbert…" Ron snorted and began to choke on his rock cake."Your pet dragon?" Harry spat."O' course! You remember Norbert. Well, 'is fire an' teeth an' all were just fer show. An' beneath all that, he was sweet as one o' my cakes." Harry and Ron gaped in repulsion at their big, hairy friend, but Hermione had to suppress a laugh. Crazy as it was, Hagrid had pretty much hit the nail on the head, in his own strange way. "After all, 'e's the one who told me 'bout all that. 'She'll need comforting,' 'e said, 'She's been through a lot.'""Snape said that?" Ron snarled, still coughing."O' course," Hagrid beamed. "I tol' you. 'E's a Hogwarts Professor. 'E cares about 'is students." Ron gave Hermione a wicked side-ways glance."Some of his students," he mumbled. She twisted the ring on her finger and bit back an angry retort.The trip back to the castle was even icier than the way there, but that probably had more to do with her friends' angry silence than the setting of the sun behind the trees. Supper awaited them in the Great Hall and once again Hermione's spirits were lifted. Supper was one of the few times she ever saw their dark professor. And she found herself wondering when he had gone to Hagrid and why he had asked him to comfort her. Was it really so difficult for him to comfort her himself? She sighed. That was the price she paid for falling in love with their unfeeling Defense instructor. Damn him.Dinner was a chore. Harry and Ron were still ignoring her and it took all of her willpower to keep from staring up at the Head Table. Her professor, she noticed, was having no trouble avoiding her gaze. Oh well, bugger him. Severus Snape slipped out of the Great Hall long before the pudding was served and Hermione had to restrain herself against following him. It would not do, she told herself. She couldn't keep throwing herself at him like that. And so, she forced herself to wait until Ginny and the boys left and followed them out of the Hall.They had barely set foot in the Common Room when Neville Longbottom came running down the stairs from the boys' dorms, wide-eyed and pale-faced. He ran straight over to his roommates. "Harry, Ron, I didn't know what to do. There's a dog in your bed, Harry. It's curled up asleep, but it's really big. I didn't want to wake it." They all exchanged knowing looks and Harry told Neville to stay down in the Common Room while they went to check it out. He tried to get Ginny and Hermione to stay with him, but they refused.One glance at the creature on Harry's bed confirmed their suspicions. Hermione's heart began to pound. If Sirius Black was at Hogwarts, that could only mean bad news. Without a word to one another, they climbed into Harry's bed and pulled the curtains tight around them. Only then did the big dog slip under the covers and transform. Suddenly, a naked Sirius was sitting in the middle of the bed, covering the important parts with the comforter. Hermione wrinkled her nose, glad it wasn't her comforter."Sirius!" Harry cried cheerfully, swinging his arms around his godfather. Hermione immediately threw a Muffliato and warded the bed against intruders."Harry!" Sirius responded in kind. "It's so good to see you! I was so bored in that dusty old house without the likes of you three." His eyes turned on Hermione and she felt her cheeks grow warm. Oh Merlin, this cannot be good."What are you doing here?" Harry asked him."Does a man need an excuse to visit his godson?" Harry laughed happily at that and Hermione had to admit that it was good to see him smile. But still, what they were doing was dangerous. It was risky for Sirius to be out of the house at all, but to be hanging out with Harry Potter at Hogwarts? He must have been insane."Sirius," she whispered when there was a lull in the excitement, "does Dumbledore know you're here?" Sirius's smile drooped."Oh, Hermione," he chided, setting a big hand on her shoulder, "one day you'll learn that there's more to life than rules and procedures." The condescension in his tone infuriated her, but she dared not let him see."Harry," she murmured, "can I speak with you a minute?""In a moment, Hermione. We haven't seen Sirius in ages!" She ground her teeth to keep from screaming at him."No," she growled angrily, "Now." Harry's smile faded and he sighed in exasperation."I'll be right back," he told his godfather. "This better be quick, Hermione." She took him out into the hallway and cast a Muffliato before saying a word."Harry, don't you realize how dangerous this is for him? If he were caught…""He's not going to be caught. He's going to stay in my room the whole time and no one has to know." She twisted the ring on her finger."That's not true, Harry. Have you forgotten about Professor Snape? Even if I'm not forced to tell him, he'll see it in our Occlumency lesson tomorrow." Harry paled at that. And then his anger returned full force."That bastard!" he hissed under his breath. "He ruins everything!""Well it's not his fault you can't Occlude him," Hermione spat back angrily."Don't you stand up for him! It's bad enough you're letting him fuck you, but now you're defending him too?""Stop it, Harry! You know it's not like that! It's ridiculous how biased you are against him. If you only opened your eyes, you would see how much he's done for us. Much more than Sirius ever did." That was going too far."Sirius is my godfather! He was my dad's best friend! And he would have killed Wormtail if Snape hadn't shown up and ruined everything! Again!""Oh yeah, and who was it who pushed us behind him when Lupin turned into a werewolf? Snape!""That's funny. I seem to recall Sirius running Lupin off and fighting him while Snape did nothing. And how did he repay him? By taking him to be kissed by a dementor!""Snape only hated Sirius because he thought he'd been a You-Know-Who supporter!" That wasn't the exact truth, but she couldn't very well tell Harry about Snape's love for his mother."Snape hated Sirius because he was my dad's best friend and Snape hated my dad.""And why did he hate your dad, Harry?""Because… because…" Harry was searching for the answer, but if Hermione didn't know better, she'd think that Harry was struggling not to tell her something. "For the same reason that Malfoy hates me! He's a Slytherin and I'm a Gryffindor.""That's ridiculous, Harry.""Oh yeah? Well why don't you run off and tell your Master, then, Hermione? Go tell him about Sirius since you're so keen on taking his side. And then you can whisper in his ear about how great he is because I sure as hell don't want to hear it. Maybe he'll reward you, too. Maybe he'll even let you suck his…" The door to the boys' dorm banged open and the fighting friends both jumped away in shock. Ginny was in the doorway."What's taking you guys?" she asked and they both seemed to deflate at that."Nothing," Harry told her, leaving Hermione to rejoin the others in his bed. Tears came unbidden to her eyes and she spun away from the worried red-head, sweeping down the stairs and not stopping until she was alone in her own room. There, she slipped into her soft shorts and a t-shirt and climbed into bed. Harry's words still rung in her ears and she wept at the truth of it. Even telling herself that Harry didn't know Professor Snape the way she did made no difference. It sounded like a feeble excuse and made her choke on the fact that even Snape wasn't really on her side. Damn him, she thought, Damn them all!She twisted the ring on her finger. How many times had she twisted that ring? How many nights had she waited idly by, unable to concentrate on her work, wishing he would send her a message? Damn that insufferable connection to all that she could not have! She ripped the ring from her finger and flung it away. But the dull impact of gold against the dark red curtains did not bring her any satisfaction. And the clink of metal on the stone of the floor sounded hollow to her ears. Defeated and weak, she curled up beneath the sheets and sobbed angrily into her pillows.Each day without Hermione felt like another step down toward the darkness of his former life. It was his own decision to put distance between them. After all, it was frightening how much power he had allowed her to have over him. And that was how people got hurt, wasn't it? It had been his experience that caring for someone inevitably led to pain and suffering. So, why was it that the distance between them was the cause of his pain?He strode briskly through the hedge-lined path toward Malfoy Manor and idly wondered if Hermione worried about him when he was summoned. It was comforting, somehow, that they were still connected, no matter how far apart. And that that insufferable, bushy-haired chit would be waiting up for him; not sleeping until he alerted her to his return. Even if he wouldn't see her afterwards.The circle was gathered by the time Severus stepped through those dark, forbidding doors. He was usually the last to arrive, because he was the only one who had to slip away and reach an apparition point first. It helped that the dark lord believed his apparition point was all the way outside the gates to the castle grounds. In reality, all he had to do was sweep up a flight of steps into that cave, but it gave him time to alert Albus and Granger of his departure."Ah yess, Severuss," the dark lord teased. His tardiness was a joke that never grew old for his jealous brothers. They chuckled as he took a knee. "Risse," lord Voldemort commanded, and Severus obeyed. "We have just been discussing your little toy." A cold shiver swept down Severus's spine, but he showed no reaction. "Do you have any newss for usss?" Thankfully, Severus had plenty to tell his master this time. He had made that mistake before, and would not make it again."Yes, my lord," he began humbly, "It seems the boy is reforming a Defense club to practice dueling in his spare time. It is a shabby group of his most loyal supporters." He sneered to show the Death Eaters just what he thought of that. "The boy does well enough in his classes with me, but he is nothing spectacular." His brothers smirked at that pronouncement. "The club was formed under the Headmaster's instructions to the boy. Apparently, he wants the students to look to Potter as a sort of leader." More smirks. "But the group is made up of younger students and weaker ones. Potter will learn nothing from them, but will grow arrogant as he continues to defeat each one with ease. He is his father's son. But he still listens to Miss Granger's advice with the ear of a young boy who doesn't know what to do. With her, we control his actions to a certain extent."Across the circle, Severus caught the eye of Lucius Malfoy and quickly looked away. It was an obvious lie if one knew what Lucius knew, but Severus counted on his friend's love for his family not to say a word. When he chanced another glance at his fair-haired brother, the aristocrat's features had twisted from confused suspicion to knowing smirk. He could only hope that that was a good thing.She woke in the dark and almost cried out at the sight of two yellow eyes glinting in the dim light of her bedchamber. The dog was bracing his forepaws on the mattress, staring at her. "What are you doing?" she whispered. And he jumped up onto her bed, slipping under the sheets and turning around to lie down with his head on her pillow. In an instant, he was changed and the eyes of Sirius Black stared back at her through the darkness. She knew that he was naked beneath the sheets, and pulled farther away from him. To her dismay, he seemed to think that she was making space for him, and quickly filled the gap."Forgive me, Hermione," he murmured. She reached for her wand and cast a Muffliato so that no one would hear the voice of a man in her bed. "I was worried about you. You left so abruptly earlier. I hope I didn't offend you." She wanted to glare at him, but just didn't have the strength. Instead, she merely sighed."It's just… it's dangerous for you to be here. If you were caught… who knows what would happen.""And who's going to catch me?" he whispered back, grinning. Then his hand came up and brushed away the tearstains on her cheek. He frowned. "You've been crying." That simple gesture brought unbidden thoughts of her recent inner turmoil to her mind. And with them came more tears. She tried to turn her face into the pillow, but he stopped her with a hand at her chin. Then, both of his hands were cupping her face and she met his worried eyes. Could it be that he was just concerned for her?"I'm sorry," she whimpered. "It's just… lately no one has been on my side. I feel like I'm losing my friends." It was a hard admission, and one that she had not been able to give anyone else. He frowned, his hand slipping into her hair and running circles along her temple."We all go through tough times. I spent twelve years in Azkaban, knowing that everyone who ever loved me now believed me a traitor. Most of them still do. Except for Harry, and the rest of you. Is it any wonder, then, that I would seek out your company? Rather than rot in my parents' house where I never knew real love?" Hermione had not thought about it like that. More tears came to her eyes at the thought that perhaps she had pinned him wrong. He understood more than anyone else what she was going through. Even Snape—bastard—clearly had no sympathy for her. It was his fault that she was all alone, after all.But she was not alone. Not now. Sirius was here. He gave her a sad smile and kissed her forehead, then withdrew his hands from her hair and allowed one to rub her upper arm gently. Part of her felt guilty, knowing that Snape would be furious if he knew what she was doing, and part of her felt wickedly empowered by the same notion. And so, she allowed his gentle touch. For now."How did you do it?" she wondered aloud. "How did you survive the injustice of it for so long?" He propped his head up on his elbow as his other arm draped lazily over her waist."It was terrible," he admitted. "At first I pleaded every day, but dementors don't listen. They don't understand. They only knew that I had sadness they could draw on and happiness that they could suck away. Then, for years I simply existed. There was nothing else for it. But when I caught sight of Peter in that article from the Prophet, my fury took over. It gave me the strength I needed to escape. Because for the first time in twelve years, I knew where the true culprit was. And I could prove myself an innocent man." He smiled lazily at her. The fact that he had never done that hung in the air between them, and Sirius's face darkened. "It doesn't even matter so much that I haven't been acquitted. Harry knows I'm innocent. And I have the Order. And Dumbledore… And you." Hermione's startled eyes met his and he laughed lightly. "If it hadn't been for your time-turner, Hermione, I'd be a soulless sack of bones right now."His hand began to run circles on her lower back and the daring of it took her breath away. Professor Snape had never caressed her like this. He had never demonstrated his attraction for her, except for Lucius's benefit. There was that one morning, she remembered, but he had pulled away in disgust and guilt at the end and later lectured her about how they should only do what they had to do. Bastard. But Sirius's touch made her feel beautiful, even if she didn't want him the way she wanted Professor Snape. "I owe you my life, Hermione," he was saying, his voice a low purr."Don't be silly," she told him. "You don't owe me anything.""Oh, but I do," he murmured sweetly. "I just want you to know, Hermione," his words caressed her name in such a way that it sent shivers down her spine. She tried to imagine how it would sound in Snape's deep baritone. "You can always come to me, for anything. You understand? If you ever need, or want… anything." In the back of her mind, Hermione knew that she should have pushed him away by now, but the gentle hand at her back was running soothing circles and his voice was so gentle and comforting. She allowed her eyes to close and imagined he was Severus. And peace fell over her at last as her mouth turned up in a smile. And Hermione drifted off to peaceful sleep.She dreamed that the war was over and her NEWTS were past and the rings they wore were wedding bands. They had sailed away from everything together and were all alone. Finally, in another land, in another bed, they lay curled next to each other. Finally, he was able to tell her truly that he wanted her, and they were free to make love. They answered to no one.And when sleep finally fell away in the rested morning, she snuggled into the hot flesh against her own. And when his lips pressed against hers, she answered them with all the tenderness she felt. And his mouth opened over hers. And his tongue swept inside. And she moaned against him, opening her legs for him as he moved on top of her. She could feel his stiff erection on her bare inner thigh. There was such passion; such unabashed desire in the way he rubbed against her. And she whimpered into his mouth as his hand eagerly grasped at her breast. And when she lifted herself to him, his groan of pleasure was in the wrong voice.Hermione's eyes snapped open in belated awareness of her folly as Sirius pressed her hard into the mattress. Her plea to stop was swallowed by his eager mouth as he moved above her, fondling her breast through the thin fabric of her shirt. She tried to push him away, but he only whimpered against her, thrusting harder and faster against her thigh. She pulled her mouth from his as he began to pant. "No, Sirius, stop!" she managed in a strangled voice, but he paid her no heed. Gripping her waist he thrust against the junction between her legs, grinding roughly against her and groaning in agonized ecstasy. His face contorted in pain and bliss as he pressed desperately against her, despite her efforts to pull away and he growled aloud, gasping with the force of his release as hot seed spilled onto her thigh.When he slumped on top of her, she tried to push him away, hot tears spilling onto her cheeks. He grunted and lazily lifted his eyes to hers. "Sorry," he laughed. It was too late. What was done was done and she pushed against him, unrelenting. "Forgive me, Hermione, you have to understand…""Get off," she growled, but he only reached for her face, trying to turn her eyes to his."Please, just listen. I've been away from women for so long. Years and years. You can't imagine. I never meant to… I just couldn't help… you're so beautiful and young…" She supposed she was lucky he hadn't flat-out raped her."Get off!" she shouted and his eyes flew open as he scrambled to sit back on his heels."Please, Hermione. Forgive me. I should have been more gentle. I wanted to. I wanted to show you what it is to make love. But my body took over because I just needed you so badly. But I promise… next time won't be so…""Next time?" Hermione was indignant. "There won't be a next time! Get out of my bed!" She was thankful for the Muffliato she had placed around her curtains, but at this point she probably would have been yelling either way. Sirius almost tripped out of her bed at that, turning back into a dog as he leapt from her curtains. And Hermione paused only to Scourgify herself before bending her head to her knee and weeping.With Sirius gone, Hermione jumped out of bed and felt around the floor for Snape's ring. When she found it, she crawled back into bed and held it to her breast. What they had done felt like betrayal. Even if she hadn't meant for anything to happen, she should have been more careful. She never should have fallen asleep. Hell, she should have tossed him out the moment he came to her. And the terrible truth of it was that she had wanted to hurt Snape. Just a little. Had she already forgotten her decision to love him no matter how little he cared for her? Damn her for being a weak and pathetic woman. Damn her for needing his love in return.She removed the Disillusionment charm on the ring, just to look at it. I am back, the inscription read and a horrible pang of guilt overtook her. She never should have taken off that ring! All that time, while she was cuddling with Sirius, Snape had been with the dark lord, risking his life for the Cause. And she hadn't even known! Holding the ring and hating herself, Hermione sobbed until she had no more tears to cry.Oh Merlin, she thought, how am I ever going to make up for this?









Chapter 31





Chapter Text
Severus stared down at the little group of students. Not one of them dared to meet his gaze. That in itself was not unusual at the beginning of an Occlumency lesson, but there was something strange about the air around them, as if they were sharing some secret. Well, this was the time and place to discover such secrets. What unnerved him was the inclusion of his godson in this studied avoidance, though he wasn't sure if he was behaving that way for the same reason or not. He is the biggest threat, Severus decided."Mr. Malfoy?" he drawled. "Perhaps you'd care to go first, this lesson?" He knew Draco could not back down in front of the Gryffindors and happily took advantage of that fact whenever he could."Certainly, Professor." The boy moved to stand before his godfather and bravely met his gaze."Alright," Severus intoned, warning the boy as he raised his wand, "Legilimens!"Draco's mind was a whirl of chaos, but Severus had a hunch of what could be behind the boy's sudden silence. He subtly suggested the image of his parents and a letter immediately swam into view only to be stuffed away again. But it was too late. Severus had already seen the parchment and could easily recall it to the forefront of Draco's mind. Holding it there, the letters tried to change and shift and most of it was a blur. But one phrase stood out, and a whisper of it sang through the boy's mind in his mother's voice. "I would be interested to know how the girl feels about him in return."Severus immediately withdrew from his mind and black eyes met frightened blue ones. For a moment, neither said a word. There was nothing to be said that could be said in front of the others. Especially her. Then, before the rest of the room could grow curious, Severus cleared his throat. "Once the Legilimens has found the memory you wish to conceal, your best move would be to eject them completely from your mind. It is less subtle than deception, but far easier and no less effective if you have any chance of escaping your foe." Draco swallowed nervously and nodded.Severus abruptly turned on the other students and delighted in their simultaneous flinches. "Potter," he growled. "Your turn." Potter paled and swallowed, glancing at his friends for support; obviously sharing his nervousness with those who knew his secret. Severus resisted the urge to roll his eyes, but contented himself with a glance in Miss Granger's direction. She caught his eye and blushed horribly, her eyes widening with fear. She knows I know. It was with satisfaction that he turned on the Potter boy and raised his wand. "Legilimens!"Potter's mind was remarkably calm, but Severus would not be fooled. Perhaps Granger had given them advice before the lesson. He probed for a secret and the calm façade erupted immediately in a swirl of memories. Not surprising. Potter never had been particularly strong. But nothing specific was apparent. He probed again and could sense Potter's desperation to keep his secret safe. But Severus pricked at that thought and drew it forth and suddenly a memory swam into view.The edges were blurred, but the image in the center was Hermione Granger seated at a desk. The voice of Ron Weasley thundered across his consciousness with angry venom. "You don't be stupid, Hermione! He's the greasy git! And you're sleeping with him?! I can't believe you fell for that! I can't believe you're still on his side! What are you, in love with him?!" And the girl just stared, blinking back at him, unable to answer. He lingered in the boy's mind long enough to see her face flush and hear Potter's angry interjection of "Gods, Hermione!" And then he withdrew.Once again, Severus found himself staring into his opponent's eyes, unable to say a word. But these eyes were green and shaped like almonds. And the accusation and anger was tempered by guilt. It was all too familiar a sight. She just didn't know what to say, he told himself. She was taken off guard and didn't know how to answer. "You are showing improvement, Potter. It took me a few seconds longer to find your memory this time." He sneered down at the boy, refusing to acknowledge the information he'd been given. "Next!" he shouted, smirking as the boy winced and turning to look down at his cowering students. "Weasley," he growled, watching both Weasley's flinch and grinning maliciously. It never got old. "Mr. Weasley."The boy faced him like a deer in the headlights with ashen complexion and wide-eyes. "Legilimens!" Before Severus could even get his bearings in the boy's mind, he felt himself being shoved out of it. When his own eyes met the fright-widened orange-fringed ones of the Weasley boy, his shock twisted into censure. "Haven't you been listening, Weasley? Forcing the Legilimens out is only a last resort when subtler approaches fail." But it was clear that the boy knew he couldn't keep his secret that way, and it seemed far more important than the mere possibility that the girl had feelings for himself. "Again," he told the boy, raising his wand, "Legilimens!"He was surrounded by waves of panic and the loud resounding voice of Ronald Weasley whining one phrase repeatedly: "Don't think of it. Don't think of it." Severus would have smirked. "What is it?" he whispered, and an image came immediately to the surface of the boy's mind to a chorus of "Oh no! Oh no! Oh no!" It was a dorm room, Gryffindor if the scarlet curtains were any indication. And for a moment, Severus feared that he was about to see Hermione in bed with one of the boys. But what he did see came as more of a shock, and he growled in anger as the dog became a naked Sirius Black. How dare he!And then his own angry eyes were staring into Weasley's horrified blue ones. The boy's mouth twisted in gaping fear as he turned back to his friends. Understanding dawned in their eyes even as it filled his own awareness. This was their secret. In other circumstances he might even be impressed with Potter's deception. But at the moment, he felt nothing but fury. "Draco," he growled, his anger seething through every syllable, "you are dismissed. I have a few things to say to your classmates." The Slytherin didn't have to be told twice, but it was clear from his reluctant expression that he was desperately curious. When the boy had gone, Severus warded the door and turned back to his cowering students.Professor Snape was already furious and Hermione knew this was only the tip of the iceberg. She had been terribly surprised and delighted when Harry somehow eluded the dark professor, but even the elation at that accomplishment was trumped by the fact that there were three of them left to reveal it. The moment Ron stood up, she knew it was the end. She knew that Snape would be angry that she hadn't told him, but Harry would have been mad if she'd snitched and Snape was bound to be furious with her soon anyway. At least now Harry couldn't be angry with her too.For a long moment, their professor said nothing. Then, his lips peeled back in a horrible, satisfied sneer. He began pacing, clearly contemplating one horrible move after the next. Finally, he came to stand in front of them and folded his arms. The evil smirk that twisted his lips did not bode well. It boasted of triumph."Granger," he snarled and Hermione's pulse leapt painfully in her chest. "Fetch the dog and bring him to the Headmaster's office. We'll meet you there." Hermione's body began to obey even as the implications of the demand brought a look of horror to her face. She glanced helplessly at her friends as she headed toward the door, but they were powerless to help her."Please, Professor," she whimpered as she opened the door. But he just smirked back, unrelenting. Oh gods, Hermione thought, This is a disaster!She found Sirius curled up in Harry's bed. He perked up at her sudden appearance and started to slip under the covers to change. "No," she told him, "Stay a dog. Come with me." He looked wary, and she knew he had good reason. This was not going to be easy. "Hurry," she told him, "Harry and Ron are waiting." That seemed to convince him well enough and he began to follow her from the room. It was a long walk to the Headmaster's office and Hermione found herself thinking how lucky she was that the dog couldn't talk to her. He slowed as they reached the winding staircase, but he did not turn back. At the door, Hermione would have hesitated if she had not been compelled to complete her task.Once inside, the black dog bared his teeth and growled angrily at the dark professor. "Down, dog," Snape told him, and the door was closed and warded before he could escape. Sirius changed on the spot, not bothering with his nakedness. And as Hermione turned away to hide her eyes, she saw Ginny's blatant and appraising stare. That image stirred a bout of nervous laughter and Hermione began to choke into her palm. It was all so perfectly horrible."Don't give me commands, Snivellous!""Now Sirius," the Headmaster interjected, "there's no reason to fight…""No reason to fight?" Sirius echoed incredulously. It was obvious from his tone that he was prepared to argue that sentiment, but the Headmaster cut him off."Sirius, take my cloak, you must be freezing. Come, sit. We'll have a little chat. Severus, your presence is no longer required." Professor Snape did not look happy about that, but he complied with a little nod of his head and a muttered 'As you wish, Headmaster.'When he was gone, Dumbledore turned back toward the rest. They made their confessions and then the Headmaster dismissed them to speak with Sirius alone. Hermione knew he must be angry with her, but it was unfounded. Of course, she couldn't tell him that. And why did she care if he was angry, anyway? But she did.That night, Hermione spread out in her bed, twisting the ring on her finger and wondering when she should tell Snape about the other morning; if she should tell him. Don't be foolish, of course you're going to tell him. She sighed. He'd find out one way or another, and it'd better come from her, and she'd better not wait too long. Perhaps I should give him a chance to cool down… But that was folly and she knew it. In the first place, Snape hadn't actually been mad about Sirius. To the contrary, he had seemed quite delighted to bring him down. Like a tattle-tale on a playground. Men. Hermione shook her head. She should go ahead and get it over with. It was Friday and if she did it now, he'd have the whole weekend to get over it before she saw him again.Sighing, Hermione removed the Disillusionment from her ring and stared down at it. What if he murders me? She brought the tip of her wand to its surface before thinking to check the time. What if he was sleeping? But it was only ten. She had to laugh at that. Why is it always ten? Finally, swallowing her fears, she touched her wand to the flawless gold. Can I talk to you? she inscribed, and then she bit her lip and waiting for his response. An eternity seemed to pass before she felt the ring grow warm and her fear only seemed to intensify. Are you alone? it said, and she swallowed the tightening knot of nerves in her throat. That could only mean one thing: he was going to call her. Hesitating, she took a fortifying breath before touching her wand against the ring once more and inscribing 'Yes.'A moment later, she was jerked from her surroundings, landing in her professor's lap with a startled gasp. "Forgive me," he murmured cheerfully, setting his glass of fire whiskey on the table beside his reading chair as she clumsily removed herself from his person. "I can't control where you land," he told her as she settled in another chair. Oh yes, he was in a good humor. She really hated to break it, and the presence of alcohol did not bode well. Perhaps it would be best to discern how drunk he was before she spoke with him."No, forgive me," she replied, "I didn't mean to interrupt your celebration." She gestured at the glass and he laughed lightly."Relax," he told her, "I've only had a little. And besides, I think I have a bit more self-control than you do, my dear." He was teasing her, but the comment stung considering her bad tidings. And yet, she had to smile at the sound of his deep voice, teasing her, laughing, calling her 'my dear.' It really was such a shame that she had to ruin it. Perhaps she should wait until tomorrow. "What did you want to talk about?" he asked her, casually. Oh Merlin, I have to decide now."It's nothing good," she said, "and not urgent. I'd hate to spoil your mood." But his face was already darkening and she knew he would press her until she admitted it."Tell me," he commanded, and she was not sure if he'd done it intentionally or not."Sirius came to me last night," she told him. That was only the beginning, but it was the broadest essence of it and she felt the compulsion slip. She hesitated. Fury already burned in those deep dark eyes as he took a sip of his drink."Go on," he told her, his voice dangerous and deep."He was just trying to comfort me and I had had a fight with Harry and you weren't talking to me and I really thought that was all he wanted, just to comfort me. And it felt so good to have someone there just listening to me and…" she broke off at the look in his eyes. When he did not speak, she continued. "And I fell asleep." She was trying to prepare herself for what she would have to say next; how she could possibly explain what had happened. Depending on how she worded it, he might kill Sirius. But she was saved the trouble as he lunged toward her. There was fear and anger in his eyes as he slid a knee beside her on the chair and held her head with both hands mere inches from his face. No! If he saw how she had kissed Sirius back and pressed against him, he would never understand. With that in mind, when she felt his presence, she showed him the dream she'd had first.Hermione cringed internally as the memory replayed in her mind's eye. The dream revealed too much and then she was awake, and she could not stop the episode from unfolding before him. His anger was tangible as he watched her kissing Sirius, letting him touch her, rising to meet him as he thrust desperately against her. There was an air of betrayal and hurt that brought tears to her eyes even as they reached the part where she discovered the true identity of her bed partner.Then there was anger; fury; rage beyond anything she had ever felt for anyone. As she pushed Sirius away, somewhere in the back of her mind she felt Snape's fingers biting into her scalp. And When Sirius came against her thigh, she thought her head might explode from the combined pressure of his hands and his anger. But it did not end there, and even her rejection of Sirius did not assuage his fury.He withdrew from her mind with a force that left her lightheaded, and he swept from her to pace angrily across the room. The glass on the little table burst of its own accord as he passed, but he did not seem to notice, even as Hermione flinched away from the flying shards. "I'll kill him," Snape growled and he made for the floo."No!" Hermione shouted, leaping up to stop him before he could fulfill that urge. And in that moment she had no doubt that he would. "Please, Professor!" She grabbed his arm, but he flung her away."You are only the cherry on top of a list of grievances, Hermione. This has been an inevitable eventuality since before you were born." His use of her name gave her pause. Why was it that he only ever used it when he was distressed? But then, he probably hadn't even realized it. Perhaps that's why. And then he was reaching for the floo powder and she hurried to stop him. Swinging her body around his, she caught him dead on and held him there in an attempt to keep him from reaching it. But he easily peeled her from his frame."Stay out of my way." he growled and Hermione immediately obeyed, scurrying back to sit before his chair and watch with tearful eyes. This was folly. She should have seen it coming. He was going to kill Sirius and there was nothing she could do about it."Please!" she called as he reached into the powder and withdrew a handful. Desperation clawed at her painfully, but she could not move. "Please, don't!" And then he had tossed the powder down and green flames burst to life in the old fireplace. "Severus!" she cried; her voice a panic. And the room went still. And the fire died. And he turned to look at her with an expression that was part anger, part disbelief, and part fear. Her breath caught in her throat. But she suddenly knew that he was not going to say anything. Now was her only chance to keep him from stepping through that fireplace and destroying his long-time foe. "Please," she whispered, letting him see her anguish and fear. She reached a hand out to him and his glare turned hard and cold. And he headed toward her. Oh gods! It was all she could think as the dark professor advanced on her, but at least he wasn't heading off to kill Sirius. Although, he may very well be about to kill her."You dare, Miss Granger?" he seethed when he was standing above her. "You presume?""No," she whimpered, "I…""Quiet!" he commanded. "I am your professor! You are my student! Any relations we may have had outside of that were strictly in the interests of the Order of the Phoenix. I am not your lover, Miss Granger, and you have no power over me." Hermione's heart was pounding with fear at his words, but as they resounded within her, the injustice of it all seemed to rattle and jar her wrought emotions until her own fury rose to the surface, ready to explode."Oh I know!" she shouted, standing to face her professor. "It's just business, right? I'm so glad to hear it! And I'm sure Sirius will be happy too! He can fuck me all he wants because no one ever sees him, so they can't say I've gone behind your back. Isn't it a perfect arrangement, Professor?!" Snape's magic began to swirl around them and Hermione was almost afraid they might all go up in flames."They will see it in your mind!" he growled back, but she knew she had him."You've already ordered me never to let them see anything incriminating in my mind unless you told me otherwise." She sneered up at him in a horrible imitation of his own preferred expression. He was out of arguments, she knew, but his anger only grew stronger."Don't go near that dog again!" he shouted, "Don't even touch him. I forbid it!" And at that she had to laugh, even as tears sprang to her eyes."Oh but it's all business, right?" His grabbed her upper arms in powerless fury, towering over her."I refuse to share a woman with that filth! If I must touch you, at least you will be free of fleas when I do." Hermione's eyes filled with spiteful tears."You bastard!" she hissed beneath her breath. "I never wanted to touch him. Are you really that thick? I thought he was you!" At that, she ripped away from him, heading toward the door. "I'm going to bed. By your leave, Master." She gave him a sardonic bow and awaited his response."Go, then," he told her and she began to obey, but as she fumbled with the portrait door, she glanced back at the dark professor."I'm curious, Professor," she began, "when you decided that it was wrong for us to be together, which of Kohlberg's stages were you using?" She left him on that note, compelled by the Curse to go away. But as she drifted through the halls, a heavy sadness seemed to drag her to the floor. She curled up in an alcove for a while and wept into her knees, thinking back on his cruel words. How could he say that to me? How could he treat me that way? And though deep down she knew that his anger had been borne of his possessiveness towards her, she could only hear him saying over and over again in her head that if he had to touch her… that he would not share her…"Fuck!" Severus shouted as he kicked over a table. She had gotten the best of him, he knew. And his fury too had bettered the better part of his logical mind. He sank down into his reading chair, burying his head in his hands, rubbing his aching temples. "Fuck that mongrel bastard!" He could still see her memory replaying in his mind. That filthy cur thrusting against an unwilling Hermione; his seed pouring out on her perfect thighs. Mine. Oh gods, what had he been thinking? He had been outraged to see the girl in bed with his arch nemesis, but not because she had compromised the Cause. Oh no, he was not so big a fool as that. He knew very well why he had been so angry. He was jealous, and possessive, and protective of the girl. He wanted to keep her from harm and he wanted her embraces all to himself. He didn't like the thought of another man touching her, ever. Because he wanted her to himself. Forever.Oh Merlin, I am a fool. It was folly to think that he could ever truly have Granger, despite the fact that she repeatedly threw herself at him. One day she will see. But he had said some things tonight that she might never forgive.As a child, Severus had never believed that words could hurt worse than any blow, but he had seen the truth of it in life. He'd lost Lily in the same manner. And who knows, if he hadn't ever called her a mudblood—or if she had forgiven me—they might have even ended up together. And he never would have joined the dark lord. And the Potter boy never would have been born. And she never would have died.But that wasn't the case. And he couldn't change that. And apparently he hadn't learned from it either. 'If I must touch you, at least you will be free of fleas when I do,' he had said. Severus moaned in pain at the thought of it. He had told her he would never share a woman with filth like Black, and he thanked the gods he had tempered that statement from the crueler version he had formed like a ready arrow in his mind, waiting to be used in combat. I refuse to share a cunt with that cur, he had almost told her. "Oh gods." Hindsight is 20/20 and Severus thanked Merlin that he hadn't let that slip past his thrashing teeth. Even still, it would be a miracle if she ever forgave him for his words to her tonight.She had a point, he admitted to himself. If it was truly just business, he shouldn't have been angry at all. And yet, he had never known such fury, so what did that say about his feelings for the girl? You care for her. So many had told him exactly that, and he knew it to be true. He cared for Granger and it frightened him. That way lies hurt, he told himself. But there was nothing for it. If she ever forgives me, I'll never hurt her like that again.He had to smile when he remembered her parting words to him: 'when you decided that it was wrong for us to be together, which of Kohlberg's stages were you using?' Only Hermione Granger would ask a question like that at a time like this. But it intrigued him nonetheless. He would have to consider. And maybe… just maybe… but no, he could not allow himself to hope that his analysis would lead to the conclusion that it was alright for them to be together. That way lies pain, he reminded himself.He leaned back in the chair and closed his eyes, remembering for the first time the dream she had shown him; the dream about him. And a sweet tenderness filled the aching cavity of his heart like dittany on a wound. She wants me, he realized. In her dream they had been married. Oh gods. He was in over his head. She doesn't know what she wants. She is only a girl. It was only a dream.And then he remembered Potter's memory; the bait he had taken that kept him from seeing the true secret. Fool.And he saw Hermione's face flushing pink as Weasley questioned her. Are you in love with him?And though she had flushed and blinked with apparent unease, she had not answered.









Chapter 32





Chapter Text
Severus! a far-off whisper cried. Oh Severus! They were enclosed in a narrow four-poster bed and her lithe body squirmed beneath him as he kissed her neck. Soft breasts filled his hands as her hips rose to meet his eager movements. Gods she felt good.He crouched over her, positioning himself at her entrance. Severus! she moaned as he began to enter her. And suddenly she was pulling away, panicking, pushing against him. No! Stop! Please don't! she cried like the ghost of a memory. And he wanted to ignore her protests and take what he wanted for himself, but something made him stop. Perhaps it was because she mattered.Why? he asked her, desperate.Because. I'm your student. What will people think? He groaned in frustration and pressed against her.Bugger them. I don't care what they think. She smiled sadly at him and lifted a hand to sweep a lock of hair behind his ear.
But Severus, it's against the rules.
Rules can be amended, he told her, but he pulled away just the same and the absence of her warmth left him cold and unfulfilled.
Then why have you pulled away?
Because, it is not right if it is not what you want. She quirked a secret smile up at him and he felt that dangerous throb of hope.And if I told you that it was what I wanted? It was all she needed to say and in an instant he was on top of her again, pressing his lips to hers and cupping her face as she knotted her fingers behind his neck. Oh Severus, she moaned when he entered her and he had never felt such bliss and pleasure.
Hermione…
Severus woke with a start to the gloom of morning in the dungeons. Alone. But his dream had left him throbbing with need and he took himself in hand. Oh Merlin. The dream had been so real. He could still feel her body beneath him. Gods. She had been so willing and eager. What if he called her to him right now and told her that Lucius was watching? Fuck! He could finish where the dream had left off and make love to her until she came. Hermione. He remembered the sound of his name on her tongue. Severus. Sweeter than honey. Severus. And he tried to imagine how his name would sound as a cry of ecstasy as she came beneath him. Severus! And he came so forcefully that his body shook and he cried out into the dim vacant room: "Hermione!"And as he came down and woke up the self-loathing kicked in. Pathetic. If only the girl could see him now. Perhaps then she wouldn't be so keen on being with him. That is, if his words to her last night hadn't already accomplished that. Severus groaned as memories of the night before filled his mind in a swirl of regret. The last time he had seen the girl, she had been crying. And now here he was fantasizing about her young, beautiful body. I really am a dirty old bastard. He could still see the tears gleaming on her cheeks.I will have to talk to her today. Severus groaned. It was not going to be easy. But if he wanted to reestablish the fragile relationship they had formed, he would have to apologize. Or else lose her forever. Was he really so wrong for wanting to destroy Black after what he had seen? He'd been furious; ready to kill the bastard. So, was it any wonder that he'd said a few things that he should not have?But he could justify it all he wanted and it wouldn't change the fact that he felt guilty. I hurt her, he reminded himself. Again. And that was the part that he regretted. Severus! he could still hear her calling in a panic. It had been a last-ditch effort to stop him, quite Slytherin really, and apparently effective, but it had frightened him all the same. Had he let her in too far? Had he allowed her to become too comfortable with him? To think of him so personally? It was wrong. Wasn't it?The dream he'd had would have him believe otherwise, and he had to admit that the sound of his name on her tongue had been delicious. Perhaps that was the part that frightened him the most.The cold wood pressed hard against her forehead unrelenting until her skin began to bruise and there was no longer a discernible difference in temperature between the two surfaces. Whether the table had grown warm or her skin had grown cold she could not say. She only sat there, unmoving, unfeeling, listening to the sounds of the library around her, and yet not listening at all.It was her own damn fault for falling in love with an unfeeling man like Severus Snape. Probably his words to her last night had been entirely true. Probably his hatred for Sirius ran deeper than his fondness for her. She refused to believe that he had not grown fond of her in their time together. That much was apparent. And she couldn't fault him for refusing to love her when he was still in love with another. But that didn't assuage the stabbing pain inside of her at the thought of him. Things would have been so much easier if she'd fallen in love with anyone else in the entire world. But no."Rough night?" Hermione's head snapped up to the sneering face of Draco Malfoy and she belatedly remembered the tear tracks on her cheeks. Rubbing them away, she glared at the arrogant blond boy."Run along Malfoy," she told him. "You aren't wanted here." But he slipped into a chair opposite her all the same."So… that was some episode yesterday." For a moment Hermione couldn't seem to breathe, thinking that perhaps he had somehow seen her fight with their professor. But then she remembered the Occlumency lesson and the fear left her in an impatient sigh. "I'm dying to know, Granger. What did my godfather see in Weasley's mind that made him send me away?""Do you honestly think I'm going to tell you? Even if I could, why on Earth would I want to?" He scowled at that."The rest of you knew, didn't you? You knew beforehand, but you hadn't said a word to him about it. I thought you were supposed to be spying for him." Suspicion shot through her and Hermione was reminded again just how dangerous talking to Malfoy could be. Anything she said could be taken straight back to his parents and the dark lord. And after his little slip-up in detention the other day, he had a lot to make up for."Leave me alone, Malfoy.""Oh come on, Granger. Aren't you kind of in love with him?""I'm just going to stop responding to you," she informed him as she returned her forehead to the table."Oh but I bet you haven't stopped responding to him, ay Granger? Is it his dark, evil side that turns you on or have you always had a thing for professors?" Hermione bit back a retort and started putting her books back into her bag."You're hopeless, Granger. Falling in love with your captor. Does he take points off in the bedroom as well? Does he punish you until you scream for mercy? Or does he make sweet love to you, pretending that you're someone else?" Hermione stood so abruptly that her chair crashed to the floor and she swung her bag over her shoulder as she glared down at the snobby blond. "Oh dear, I've struck a tender spot haven't I?""Hello Hermione." The Gryffindor turned abruptly and there was Luna, standing by the bookshelf, smiling at her. Strange girl. How long had she been standing there?"Hello Luna," she responded cautiously.Then Luna turned to Malfoy, still smiling. "Hello Draco." He only stared at her in confusion and disbelief. "You two are a funny couple I think." They blinked at her, but before either could respond, she began again. "Are you talking about Professor Snape?" There was a heavy pause."How much did you hear?" Malfoy demanded."Oh, not much. It just makes sense, you see. It's the only thing you have in common." Hermione's heart was pounding in her chest. Did Luna know something?"What are you talking about?" she asked hesitantly."Professor Snape, of course. It's funny really. You're very different, but you both love him." They only gawked at her. "Oh, is that a secret? It's quite obvious.""How… what…" Hermione's pulse was thrumming in her ears. How could she know that? Was it that easy to see? Luna sat down at the table between them and Hermione returned to her own seat."He's angry," Luna told them. "It makes me sad. You know, people who are always angry at everyone else are really only angry at themselves." When she turned to look at Malfoy, he visibly paled. "But you should know," she told him, reaching a hand across the table, "There's nothing to be angry about really." His face reddened furiously at that and his features were indignant, but before he could form an insulting retort a shadow fell over their little table and his eyes snapped up to a point above Hermione's head."Miss Granger," growled a familiar voice, his low timbre resonating deep within her. She froze, her heart pounding, and for a moment she forgot to breathe. Gods, would he always have such a powerful effect on her? "A word, if you don't mind," he said and she gulped, meeting Malfoy's eyes and not missing the flash of fear within them."Hello Professor," Luna sang cheerfully, smiling up at him. And she did not seem at all discouraged when he made no response.Hermione slipped out of her chair and grabbed her bag before turning toward him, and even then refused to meet his gaze. She was still angry and worried about the effect that a glance into those inky depths might have on her. Either she would lose her last shreds of self-control and attack him on the spot, or she would succumb to her own affection and forgive him immediately which he certainly didn't deserve. But she was spared the risk when he spun on his heels and led her from the library.Once outside, he turned and waited for her to catch up to him, guiding her from there with a hand on the small of her back. The gesture sent a tingle of desire down her spine and made her heart throb painfully. He only did it to usher her faster down the hall, or so she told herself.Hermione was just wondering if he was really going to lead her all the way down to the dungeons when he turned toward the stairs that led to the Astronomy Tower. Odd. But she supposed that was the closest private place for them to talk. When she stepped out into the sunlight, a gust of chilly wind swept around her and she belatedly remembered that she had no coat. Scowling, but refusing to admit that weakness, she retreated toward the edge of the tower, leaning against the rail and looking out on the castle grounds. When he spoke, he was right behind her."I am sure you can imagine why I've brought you here." It was not a question, so she did not respond. He hesitated, moving to stand beside her by the rail. For a long moment, they only stood there, staring down at the ground so very far below. When he finally spoke again, his voice was softer. "I didn't mean what I said last night," he told her. Surprised, she lifted her face to look at him, but he kept his own turned away and his eyes trained on the grass below them, clutching the rail with knuckles white as snow. She watched him swallow. "I was angry. Not at you; at Black. And… I suppose I was worried that you would go to him again. For comfort or revenge, I don't know. But… I apologize if anything I said last night was offensive to you."His tone was a little grudging, but Hermione's heart warmed despite herself and she had to look away as tears spilled down her cheeks and her lips turned up in a smile. Suddenly she could feel his eyes on her, but messy curls had fallen in her face so he could not see her weakness. Her body shook with shivers and silent sobs as he turned away from her again."It was not my place to say that you cannot see the dog if you want to." Wait, what? "You may see whomever you want." There was bitter anger barely concealed beneath his words and Hermione turned in shock to look at him. But he refused to meet her gaze. She could see him bristling under her stare, and after a moment he turned to leave her there."Wait!" she cried as he swept away, but she did not know what to say to that. And if he was surprised to see her crying when he turned back towards her, he did not show it. She fumbled for the words. He had it all wrong. Hadn't he been listening at all last night? "Please," she begged him as he seemed ready to turn from her again. And his eyes grew wide as she moved to stand in front of him, but he did not turn away. And Luna's words came back to her all of a sudden: 'people who are always angry at everyone else are really only angry at themselves.' And somehow she knew that his anger was not directed at her, but at himself. And she remembered her resolution to show him that he was loved no matter the cost.So she smiled up at him. And reached for his hands. And he let her take them, though his eyes were wary and confused. And she brought one up to her mouth and kissed the back of it. "I don't want him," she said slowly, letting each word sink in as he stood there frozen. She lifted his other hand and kissed it too. "I don't care about him," she murmured gently, turning his hand over and kissing his palm. And he ripped it away from her, but she held tight to his other and grinned mischievously up at him as she slowly raised it to her lips, turning it over and pressing a soft, lingering kiss in the center. And when her gaze returned to him, his eyes were hungry with desire.Hermione's hand fell away as her professor lifted his own to her cheek, tucking stray curls behind her ear in the gentlest of gestures. And when she took a bare step closer to him, he did not back away, but placed his other hand lightly on her waist. And she lifted herself onto her tiptoes and wrapped her arms around his neck as his head came down to meet her, their lips brushing against one another in the barest ghost of a kiss. But she felt his fingers claw at her waist when she moaned against his mouth and he pulled her to him, capturing her lips with his own. "Oh…" she whimpered and he slipped his tongue into her mouth, tasting, caressing. And for a moment all was right with the world.But suddenly the door to the tower banged open and they ripped away from each other as a giggling Pansy Parkinson appeared, dragging an eager-looking Hufflepuff. When they saw their professor and Hermione, they froze and comprehension seemed to fall over the Slytherin girl's features in the same instant that confusion befell her handsome companion. And before Parkinson could even finish her astonished "Sorry, Professor," Snape had swept past them, leaving Hermione to follow after him like a fool."What the hell am I doing?" Severus groaned at the floor, his head in his hands. Lucius chuckled sympathetically."You're enjoying a good thing, Severus. I know it's unfamiliar to you." Severus glared up at his old friend. He had come to Lucius for advice because there was no one else he could talk to. Lucius and he both had enough information on each other to be sure that neither could betray something without risking the exposure of his own secrets. As such, he was the closest thing to a confidant that Severus had ever had."She is my student. It's not so simple as that.""No, it's not simple, is it? There are all sorts of complications and concerns. What would your other students think? Here you are displaying favoritism towards a Gryffindor. Won't your Slytherins be jealous?" He cackled heartily as Severus threw him another scornful glare. "Oh to be sure the other professors will have a thing or two to say. And I'm sure you'd hate to ruin so many good friendships over a bit of pussy." Severus leapt up."It's not like that!" But Lucius only lifted an elegant eyebrow and humbled Severus back into his seat."It isn't?" he drawled ironically. "Do you mean to tell me that the girl means more to you than pure physical relief? Imagine my shock. But surely your loyalty to the Hogwarts staff takes precedence? And what of the old fool? I know you've always cared a great deal for his opinion." Severus huffed."You've made your point, Lucius. But you and I both know it's worse than that. If the dark lord knew how I felt about the girl he would use it against me. He would kill her.""So don't tell him." Severus groaned. "Tell me old friend, what is the real reason you are so loathe to admit your feelings for the girl?" The brooding professor considered his friend thoughtfully, but he was unable to answer. Lucius smirked. "I don't suppose you require another trip to the Ministry? I would love to see how you greet the girl after our little chat.""No. I have no need of that at the moment.""Tsk tsk," clucked Lucius, "A shame. Narcissa has grown even colder of late and a man has needs. Surely there must be something else I can barter?" Severus shook his head. "Then perhaps you will humor me out of love for your old friend? Pity, even. No? Come now, Severus. Don't be so cruel.""Make amends with your wife if you are so desperate.""You know I cannot, Severus. What she desires is completely beyond my reach." Not completely. But then Lucius's expression grew wicked and Severus held his breath over a sip of brandy. "What if I were to suggest to the dark lord that we require another turn with your little toy?" Severus's hand clenched hard around his glass."And what if I were to mention a certain slip in your son's impeccable composure?""With the girl right there? And who do you imagine he will punish for it? I think not, Severus." Lucius smirked triumphantly at his supposed friend. He was bluffing, Severus was sure, but was that a risk he was willing to take?"He's always hated Sirius! That's all it was. If it was anyone else, he never would have told Dumbledore!" Harry was still fuming over his godfather's removal from the premises."Ha! That's not true," Ginny told him. "He would have turned anyone in. He just might not have enjoyed it half as much." Hermione tried to ignore them as she concentrated on her History of Magic text. If they would only shut up about the dark professor, she might be caught up in time for class on Tuesday."I wish they would just duel it out. Sirius would kill Snape before he even knew what hit him." Hermione's huff of amused disagreement popped out before she could suppress it and Harry turned to glare at her. "What, you think he'd lose? You think your precious Snape would get the better of my godfather?" Oh, she really didn't want to have this argument right now."I'm just being realistic, Harry. Professor Snape has to be constantly on guard and prepared to defend himself against people on both sides of this war, and Sirius hasn't used his wand much at all for the past sixteen years." Harry turned bright red at that and scowled angrily down at Hermione."You're just on his side because you're sleeping with him!" Harry bit back. Oh that did it! Hermione was so fucking sick of people using that against her when they were supposed to be comforting her about it. And all of the added pressure of Sirius's visit had put her so on edge that she reacted before she thought to shut her mouth."Well if that's the case," she hissed furiously, "I ought to be on both of their sides!" And suddenly she had said too much. They were in the Common Room, but no one outside of their little group seemed to have noticed the spat between friends. Hermione took advantage of the shocked silence to shove her books into her bag and retreat as fast as she could. Part of her was furious and part of her was mortified that she had admitted that secret to them.She was already on the stairs to the girls' dorms before Harry began to chase after her, and she made it to the landing in time to look back and see him sliding down the ramp that had been the stairs. But she was barely given time to catch her breath behind the barrier of her bed curtains before Ginny Weasley called her name. Hermione groaned."Go away," she pleaded, but Ginny was stubborn and would not give up."Please, Hermione. Let me talk to you. Can I come in? Please?" Hermione sighed and reluctantly held the curtain open for the other girl. "Gods Hermione, You can't just throw something like that out there and then run off. I mean you slept with Sirius? Bloody hell! What is it with you and older men?""No. It wasn't like that," Hermione hurried to explain. "That is, I didn't sleep with Sirius… exactly." Ginny only raised an eyebrow and waited. "I mean, he came to talk to me that night after everyone had gone to bed." Oh gods. Was she really going to tell Ginny about all of that? Here we go again. "He was trying to comfort me, as he had done back at Grimmauld Place when everything first happened. We didn't do anything," she hastened to assure her friend. "But I fell asleep.""Oh, is that all you meant?" Ginny looked incredulous, but Hermione shook her head reluctantly."When I woke up, I guess I forgot where I was, and I thought I was with… with Professor Snape." She blushed at the admission. "And my eyes were closed because I was still waking up and he started to kiss me so I kissed him back. And he was naked, because, you know, he had come to me as a dog.""Oh gods, Hermione! You didn't have sex did you?""Almost," she admitted in a small voice. Ginny was horrified. "Well, when I realized who he was, I tried to push him off, but he wouldn't stop. And he… he didn't stop until…" She couldn't say it."Until what?" Ginny whispered anxiously. Hermione met her eyes and Ginny gasped. "Oh gross! He didn't!""He really thought that I had feelings for him. I… I may have led him on a little… Not much! It's just that he was being so sweet the night before and trying to comfort me and just listening to me and he doesn't know about… Professor Snape. He just kept saying he was sorry and he couldn't help himself and he hadn't been with a woman in so long…""No." Ginny's voice was stern. "That's no excuse. He should have backed off the moment you started pushing him away.""Oh I agree. I'm not trying to justify what he did. I'm just trying to explain. He probably thought I knew who he was when I was kissing him. And… and I wasn't just kissing him… I mean my body language was pretty much communicating that I was ready for it…"Ginny guffawed. "Before you'd even opened your eyes?" she asked, disbelieving. "Gods Hermione, are you sure he hasn't slipped you something? I mean it's Snape we're talking about. Or… I mean, is the sex just that good?"Hermione laughed. "It's not that, Gin. Although, I have no complaints there." She giggled nervously. "But no. It's not the sex... It's him. I just love being with him and I just want him to be happy and I just want him to feel…" she broke off and her cheeks turned pink."Yes?" Ginny prompted eagerly. Hermione met the other girl's pretty blue eyes."Well… That is… You'll think it's silly, but… I… I want him to feel… loved.""Merlin, Hermione, you've got it bad. I just can't believe it. Snape! Why? I mean, how the hell did you fall for Snape?" Hermione's glare died with a weary sigh."You don't understand because you don't know him. You only see what he wants you to see. But I know him better. He's not really the cold, heartless bastard he pretends to be." Not all the time anyway. "And believe me, he can be as tender as he is cruel. Gods, Ginny, he makes me as angry as anyone else, but it doesn't matter. I can't stay mad at him. Because, at the end of the day I just want to hold him close so he knows he's not alone.""And you're sure he feels that way, too? I mean, you really don't think that he's taking advantage of your affection so he can have sex with you?" Hermione had to laugh at that."If that was the case, he wouldn't push me away every time I came to him. He tells me it's wrong, but I can see he wants to. And he won't admit that he cares about me, but I know that he does, just a little. But Ginny, we only ever have sex when we have to. He refuses otherwise. He says it's 'strictly business,' and anything more would be wrong.""Weird," Ginny hummed. "Maybe he's gay." Hermione laughed out loud at that."Oh no, believe me, he's not gay. He wants it, he just… feels guilty about it. There was one time… one morning… when we were just waking up… and I had slept there because he was hurt—he had been to see Voldemort… and… gods it was so sweet… but then afterwards he was distant and cold and I could see the regret in his eyes…" The admission made Hermione feel guilty, as if she had revealed some secret about their professor that she never should have told the girl. "Oh gods Ginny, please don't tell Harry or Ron about all that." And then she remembered the Occlumency lessons and her pulse quickened."No worries," Ginny told her, "My lips are sealed." But can you seal your mind? "So… the experienced older man… I guess I can see the appeal." Ginny's eyes grew wide and they slanted toward Hermione. "Is he big?" she asked, a grin spreading across her face. Hermione flushed."Ginny!" she laughed."Oooo he is isn't he? Is he bigger than Sirius?" Hermione's brow wrinkled."I wasn't actually paying that much attention.""Bloody hell Hermione, you've only been sleeping with him for a few months now.""No!" she laughed, her cheeks tight with mirth. "Sirius! I wasn't paying attention to Sirius!""Mmmhmmmm sure. Well I certainly noticed." Hermione shook her head."Of course you did, Ginny.""And what's that supposed to mean?! Here," she held her hands a few inches apart with the palms facing each other. "Stop me when I get to his size." She slowly moved her hands farther and farther apart."Ginny!"The redhead laughed as she reached inhuman proportions. "Wowza! No wonder you're so fond of him!""Oh come on, don't be ridiculous.""Fine then," Ginny pouted happily, "I won't tell you how big Harry is."Hermione laughed. "Thank the gods!"The ring on Hermione's finger suddenly pulsed with warmth and her mirth changed to horror in the blink of an eye."What's wrong?" Ginny asked. And for a moment Hermione wasn't sure if she should keep the rings a secret or not. But if she knew Ginny, it wasn't likely she'd buy some hurried and half-hearted excuse. And so, withdrawing her wand, she removed the Disillusionment charm. Ginny gasped."It's a communication device. Like the galleons we use for the D.A." She brought her hand up to read the inscription. Are you alone? It said. Her heart began to pound. Maybe he wanted to pick up where they left off in the Astronomy Tower. The mere thought sent a wave of fire to her core."What does it say?" Ginny asked her, and she absentmindedly extended her arm to the other girl. "Ooo Merlin! Tell him 'yes'!"Hermione shook her head. No, she inscribed. Why? And both girls sat waiting for his response.I spoke with Lucius today. The words caused her breathing to grow shallow and slow and her pulse to quicken as her cheeks flamed red."What does he mean by that?" Ginny wondered. Her confusion was written plainly across her face."He is going to Summon me," Hermione explained."Summon you? Ooooo, that's hot! So what does that have to do with Lucius?"Hermione bit her lip, unsure what to tell her friend. "Lucius is the reason we have to…" she broke off, but Ginny's eyes slowly grew wide with comprehension and her pretty lips twisted in a mischievous grin."Tell him to hold on. You're not going like that, are you?"Hermione glanced down at her muggle jeans and t-shirt and shrugged her shoulders. "It doesn't matter. He's just going to take it off.""Tsk tsk," Ginny clucked, "it does matter, Hermione. That's part of the fun! Stand up."Hermione slipped out of the bed to stand beside the nightstand and Ginny studied her appraisingly, rubbing her chin for emphasis. Then she withdrew her wand and transfigured the other girl's clothing several different times before nodding her head. "Perfect. Go look," she told Hermione and the other girl hurried to the bathroom where a floor length mirror awaited her perusal. Ginny had dressed her in nearly sheer satin pajamas with silky little shorts and a flowing top with spaghetti straps to show off her shoulders."He'll think I'm trying too hard," she told the other girl. But Ginny only shook her head."He won't be thinking much of anything when he sees you in this."Hermione smiled uncertainly, but lifted her wand to the ring. Now? she asked him. They both seemed to hold their breath as they waited and Hermione's heart lurched when the ring grew warm again. Yes, it said and she looked up at Ginny with wide eyes. "Are you sure about this, Gin?""Positive, my dear. You look absolutely stunning."Hermione beamed and bit her lip as she raised her wand to the ring. Alright, she told him. Then she remembered that Ginny still didn't know about Summoning, but before she could say another word, she had disappeared.Granger landed on her feet in the middle of his bed and struggled for balance before collapsing between his legs. The lavender satin she was wearing made her look like an angel and he could see the curves of her body through the thin material. He was hard before she hit the sheets. For a moment, they were frozen in place, holding their breath and meeting each other's eyes with uncertainty. But he watched her worry melt into fiery desire and she crawled toward him on the bed. He groaned as she straddled his thighs and cupped his face in her hands.Oh yes, she had him now. The fire was there and she could feel his hard erection through the fabric that separated them. His hands came up to grip her waist, sliding across the material in a gentle caress as her lips pressed lightly against his mouth. As the kiss grew passionate, he cupped her backside, pulling her hard against his stiff erection. And she moaned and rubbed ardently along its length, reaching down to remove the barrier of his trousers.Her eagerness had him panting for breath as he pushed her backwards until she was flat on her back and stripped out of his clothing. Her legs were spread beneath him and he happily nestled himself between them, capturing her mouth as his hands came up to cup her silken breasts. It was just like his dream. He kept a hand on her breast, pinching a pink nipple as his other hand slipped behind her back, cupping her sweet arse, and lifting her to him as he grinded against the satin junction of her legs.How could she have ever believed that the clothing didn't matter? This silky torture was driving her mad and Hermione was close to climaxing before he'd even entered her. Hell, she wasn't even naked yet. Severus was just as enthusiastic, if his eager thrusts were any indication. His mouth met the curve of her throat and he bit the tender flesh there, causing her to cry out in pleasure and in pain. Then he was pulling her little shorts off and she moaned as he crouched over her, positioning himself at her entrance.His eyes met hers, silently asking her permission and she moaned impatiently. "Please," she whimpered and he didn't need to hear another word. Pushing inside of her, he sheathed himself to the hilt and savored the way her lips fell open in a heady gasp. She felt so wonderfully soft beneath him as he kissed her, sliding his hands beneath her silky top to grasp her naked breasts. She groaned in desperation and bucked against him. And he growled in satisfaction as his mouth met hers and his tongue swept inside to taste her; claim her; make her his.Hermione had never felt more thoroughly ravished as the dark professor ground his body against hers with a passionate ardor that was unprecedented. And part of her wanted to savor the sensation for a lifetime, but she was quickly reaching her climax and had already relinquished all control to him. When his eyes met hers in fiery communion, she knew that she was lost. And as she felt her body tip over the edge and the fire within seemed to burst apart into a million flames of glorious sensation, she cried out beneath him, "Severus!" as if it were the most natural thing in the world.Her soft willingness and passion had him near the brink of orgasm when he felt the first tremors of her own climax. And his eyes grew wide as her head fell back and her back arched in delicious surrender. And when she cried his name, "Severus!" like an echo of a dream, his pleasure crested in wracking waves of ecstasy as he growled savagely above her.And even as the pulsing waves of their mutual relief slowly dwindled down, Severus continued to press gently inside of her, riding out the very last ripple of pleasure until quiescence was reached and he collapsed against her.There they remained for several minutes as Hermione's hands came up to brush his hair behind his ears and Severus's fingertips danced in lazy circles around her shoulders. There were tears in her eyes, but a smile on her face, and Severus was not sure what that meant. But more than anything he wanted the smile to win. So he leaned down and brushed a slow, wet kiss against her lips.His tender caresses seemed to mend her heart and a heavy pressure pulsed behind her eyes, leaking tears across her face despite her efforts to restrain them. But as he brought his mouth to hers once more to taste her lips in the softest embrace, she yielded to deliverance and released her tears to tumble down her cheeks.Severus closed the connection to Lucius and brushed the tears from her face with his thumb. "What is it?" he asked her, his voice full of concern."It's nothing," she told him through a sob, "and everything." And though he did not understand, he knew by her smile that he needn't worry. So he smiled back down at her and kissed her forehead once more before rolling onto his back.He did not tell her to leave, so she didn't go. Instead she stayed there as her recent inner turmoil of chaotic emotions seemed to shift into order and she felt whole and new again. And as everything clicked into place and nothing felt wrong, she drifted slowly toward the quiescence of sleep. And in her drowsy sated state she could have sworn in that moment that she bore no scars. And everything was right with the world.Severus watched the girl sleep with the tender agony of a vulnerable heart. The beautiful angel beside him was the most precious thing in the world. And he knew that he would do anything for her. He would die for her. And he would live for her.Her breath was slow and steady and her lips were parted in the barest whisper of a smile as Severus allowed himself to relax beside her. It was the tiniest flash of an instant in the grand scheme of Time, but it was utterly perfect. And as the peacefulness of the moment seeped into his weary soul, his gaze lingered contentedly on the face of the girl beside him. "Sleep well," he whispered, "Hermione."









Chapter 33





Chapter Text
Through endless darkness she was flying, and all about her there were stars. And beneath was the reflection of a phoenix on the surface of a glassy sea. She was gliding through air and she was gliding through water. And her duel image was undisturbed in the quiescent calm. The fathomless mirror was not blemished by ripples. And the peace of the water was reflected in the sky; Heart's Desire manifest like a dream turned reality.Then, as she soared, a great monster burst from beneath the sea, shattering the silver surface into a million ripples and reaching for her with razor teeth. But she was out of its reach and it splashed back into its own reflection. And as the monster disappeared, the jagged waves returned to calm, and peace was restored. And the sky was still and the water unmoving as she was surrounded once again by the quiet sparkle of the stars.When Hermione woke, her Professor's sleeping arms were wrapped around her, his hot breath fanning across the back of her neck, and she was already buzzing with a happy energy. I'm a Phoenix, she told herself. The fire of a dragon cannot defeat a Phoenix. She is reborn from the ashes. And she certainly felt like she had been reborn from the ashes of a terrible fire. The darkness was behind her and she felt stronger for having suffered it. And now, in the peaceful morning, as she laid thinking about her part in the war to come, finally, she was not afraid.Her Professor stirred, arching his back to press against her own, and she could feel his morning hardness between her thighs. She smiled. His breathing told her he was awake, but he made no move to withdraw from her. So she placed a hand on his where it lay pressed against her stomach and rubbed a thumb across his knuckles."Mmmmmm," he growled lazily into her sleep-tousled hair."Professor," she began softly, but he lifted a finger to her lips in a gesture to be quiet."Shhh," he told her, "In our present evocative position, perhaps it would be better if you refrained from calling me 'Professor.'"Hermione's brow wrinkled in confusion. "But you told me…""Shhh," he hushed her again, "I know what I told you." But he made no further comment on the subject, only breathed quietly in her ear and moved his hand from her lips to run circles on her stomach. She thought of the way Sirius had caressed her and how she had pouted that Severus never did. But here, now, he was touching her, holding her, and everything seemed right with the world. Did she dare risk the disturbance of this peace?"Severus," she began again, hesitantly. He tensed behind her, but did not stop the soft circular movement of his fingers on her flesh. "I had a fascinating dream.""Did you?" he murmured sleepily, setting his hand on her waist and rubbing it up and down the smooth curve of her hip."Yes. I was a phoenix and I was flying over a sea as calm as the night when a dragon suddenly burst out of the water and tried to catch me in its jaws. But I was too high up and it splashed back down into the water like it had never been there at all.""Hmmm," was all he said."I think it means something," she told him. "Lately, I've been having very interesting dreams. They have to do with the research I've been doing. And… I can't help the feeling that it's leading me somewhere important." There was silence a moment as he seemed to consider. Or else, judging from the persistent pressure of his erection on the back of her thighs, he may not have been listening at all."What do you think it means?" he asked at last."Well," she began. Only she didn't know where to start. There was so much involved and she still didn't know what it all lead to or if all of it was even important. She thought a moment, concentrating on the broad themes that her readings had explained. "It's about Good and Evil, Love and Hate, Light and Dark," she said. "It's about fighting the bad in the world without letting it destroy you. Because… if you're good… the evil cannot bring you down. A dragon's flames cannot kill a phoenix." Severus had gone very still."And if the dragon eats the phoenix?"She laughed at that. "Well then, I suppose she will escape through its flames." His huff of breath behind her ear could have been either amusement or derision. But she was afraid to turn and see. His hand began to brush along the length of her thigh and the stiffness of the movement spoke of his anxiety."We can't all be phoenixes," he told her in a soft, sad, vulnerable voice.She considered that. "I think it's a choice we make. We either fight for ourselves or we fight for others. If we choose love, we set aside our concerns for ourselves in order to protect. People who did this never truly perish. They are part of the world that will live on. As the Universe, so the Soul. But if we abandon others in greed and lose sight of what is Right or Good because it does not directly benefit us, we will perish like the dragon in my dream, falling back into our own reflections until we are gone from the world and the rest rejoice because the world is better for our absence." It made so much sense to her in that moment, and there was quiet for several minutes before Severus wrapped his arm around her waist and squeezed her tight."You amaze me," he whispered and she could feel the color rising to her cheeks. Severus Snape just gave me a compliment!She wasn't sure what to say, so she laughed. "I've just… been reading a lot," she said. And it was his turn to laugh. The deep rumble coursed from his body into hers where it filled her heart and sparked a fire in her belly. Then his lips brushed against the back of her neck and she couldn't stifle a soft moan. One hand drifted up to cup her breast as he spoke in a dangerous low voice."You always read a lot," he teased, pinching her nipple. "You're Hermione Granger."She laughed softly. "I like the sound of my name on your voice," she confessed in a whisper."I like the taste of your name on my tongue," he growled, "Hermione…" And her moan became a giggle as his tongue darted out to taste the soft skin below her ear. He rubbed his body against her to demonstrate his arousal as he kissed her neck through a laughing smile. Then his hand darted down between her legs and she opened them for him as he caressed her there. And all conversation dissolved into whimpers and moans.Deft fingers eased between her folds, teasing and fueling the fire within like pine needles on a brazier. She was wet and whimpering by the time he slipped those graceful fingers inside of her. And as he moved them in and out, back and forth, he found a sweet spot that made her buck against his hand. "Oh gods!" she cried. The sensation was nearly overwhelming.His mouth travelled along the curve of her neck as he worked; light brushes of his lips blossoming into tender kisses as he opened his mouth to taste her. When he withdrew his fingers, she groaned in frustration until they began to draw circles around that hidden nub. His teeth scraped against the skin of her neck and she moaned as he pulled away, bringing his hand up to taste her sweetness on his fingers. She was embarrassed until he groaned in appreciation. Then he slid his palm down the length of her side, and slipped it behind her to take himself in hand.Hermione moaned as Severus began to enter her and when he was fully sheathed they were still for a moment, panting. He brought his hand up to cup her breast, squeezing it lightly as he thrust inside of her. And the force of the sensation wrought a ragged moan from deep inside of her. She begged him for more, but he maintained the agonizing rhythm, leisurely pressing into her as his hand swept down to tease her again. "Oh, please!" she whimpered, struggling against him for a faster pace. But he only wrapped his other arm around her waist and held her still against him. "Oh gods!" she cried as she neared the brink. Her whole body seemed ready to shatter at any moment."Mmmm, Hermione," he growled into her ear and the sound sent her over the edge, her body suddenly tightening as pulsing waves of pleasure coursed through her like a shock of ecstasy."Oh, Severus!" she cried in a rough, broken voice through the force of her climax. And she shuddered against him from the strength of it. But as she panted into the morning air, he continued to thrust slowly inside of her. "Mmmmm," she whimpered as he kissed her shoulder, nibbling it lightly with his teeth."Tell me if this starts to hurt," he commanded, and he pushed her onto her stomach, bracing his arms on either side of her and beginning to move a little faster. The position teased that tender place within her until she felt ready to burst all over again."Oh gods," she moaned into the pillows as he moved one hand to grip her waist and hold her still. And he began to plunge faster and farther into her until she was struggling from the agony of imminent release. "Yes!" she cried. The ecstasy of it was almost painful in its intensity as she submitted to his pleasure. It felt marvelously wicked. "Oh please!" she cried. She was close again already. "Harder," she moaned against the sheets and he was happy to comply."Oh Merlin!" he groaned as he drove into her harder and faster than before. "Come for me again, Hermione. I won't last much longer." As soon as the words left his mouth she shattered beneath him, crying out as harsh tremors wracked her body. And he gripped her waist as his thrusts became erratic. "Oh yes!" he moaned as he hammered into her a few more times. And then with one deep thrust, his body stiffened above her and she could feel his hot seed exploding inside of her. "Ohhh!" he groaned in ecstasy, "Hermione!" And then he collapsed on top of her and his breath came quick as his body relaxed. But all she could think about was the way he'd shouted her name. Mine. No one else's. And she couldn't suppress a smile.Hermione was practically walking on air as she made her way back to Gryffindor Tower. They had decided that the Common Room would probably not be empty at this hour, so it was better that she walked back. But he had given her one of his shirts and transfigured it into a pretty white dress, and she could not stop running her hands over the material and thinking of him. She knew he was right that she couldn't stay there all day. Her friends would worry. But if she'd had a choice, she never would have left his arms at all. She was just remembering the way he had touched her, smiling like a fool, when a portrait on the dungeon wall suddenly swung open and three Slytherin girls appeared. Hermione froze as she met Pansy Parkinson's eye."Well, well," the girl sneered, "what's a lion doing in the serpent's lair?" The girls behind her giggled maliciously. "Did he have you for breakfast, Granger?" She smirked horribly. "Or… did you have him?"Hermione glared at the three cackling girls and tried to push past them, but Pansy stopped her and pushed her into the middle of the hall where the Slytherins formed a circle around her, trapping her effectively. "Let me go," she told them sternly."Or what? You'll run and tell on us?" Parkinson laughed. "Do you really think he'll take your side?" Then she looked at her friends. "You should have seen the little princess blush when I caught her with him in the Astronomy Tower. Fully clothed and everything, but she was panting, I swear. Oh yes, Granger, I saw how you were trembling. The desire in your eyes. He's a damn good kisser, isn't he?"That gave Hermione pause. Was the other girl speaking from experience? No, she was only hazarding a guess. Maybe she meant to scare her or make her jealous. She set her jaw and refused to give anything away, while she waited for the first opportunity to escape."You know," Pansy began again, "I wouldn't mind a taste of old Snape. I bet he's kinky, isn't he? I bet he makes you do all sorts of naughty things, ay Granger? Things you never woulda dreamed of doing, 'cept he gave you no choice." She laughed. "But you like it, don't you Granger?"Still, Hermione held her tongue, only glaring at the other girl. And suddenly, there were footfalls around the corner and the three Slytherins scattered with a whispered "I'll be sure to give you my opinion once I've tried him." Hermione was angrier than she could have said, but when Luna Lovegood suddenly appeared from around the bend, some of that anger left her in a puzzled laugh."Oh, hello, Hermione," the Ravenclaw said dreamily.Hermione smiled at her. "Luna, how is it that you always show up when I'm being cornered by somebody?"Luna only shrugged and smiled at her Gryffindor friend. "I just go where my feet take me," she explained, "and oftentimes my feet take me strange places." Hermione laughed at that. Some of her good mood from before seemed to be returning with Luna's presence. There was just something about the girl—some positive energy perhaps—that made it hard to stay angry or even sad. She was about to tell the girl just that when the Slytherin Portrait door swung open again and they both turned their heads to see none other than Draco Malfoy himself appear. "Hello Draco," Luna said.Malfoy was clearly surprised to see them there, but he gave no greeting and Hermione could see a dusty pink tone rising in his pale complexion. "What are you doing here, Granger?" he asked in a cruel voice. "Waiting for someone?"Hermione glared at him. "It's none of your business, Malfoy," she told him.Malfoy snorted haughtily. "As if your business was your own," he said, and Hermione gave him a warning look. But he refused to back down. "Never mind," he told her, "I can imagine what you've been doing.""Imagining can be very useful," Luna informed them. "I can imagine what you've been doing, too, Draco."Malfoy bristled at her use of his first name. It clearly made him very uncomfortable, but he didn't reproach her. "No one cares what you've been dreaming up, Lovegood," he told her. "I haven't been exorcising Nargles if that's what you think.""I know," she told him, "And you weren't last time, either, really. It's good you've stopped bullying, though," she smiled up at him and Hermione felt distinctly uneasy with this turn in the conversation. "I'm quite proud of you," the little blonde girl said.Malfoy was clearly baffled. It was obvious from his expression that he wasn't sure how to take that. But his eyes flickered to Hermione with an almost guilty or embarrassed look. "You don't know what I've been doing," he argued defensively. But Luna only smiled."I can't say for sure," she began hesitantly, "but I guess that you were writing a letter." There was a quiet moment in which Malfoy and Hermione both stared incredulously down at Luna. Then the Slytherin's hand shot to his pocket and pinched it as if to assure himself that its contents had not been removed."How did you know that?" he demanded suspiciously."It's quite obvious really," she told him, "You don't usually go to breakfast alone, you see. And when you do, mostly it's because you have a letter."Malfoy was staring down at her with a strange expression. If Hermione didn't know better, she might think that he was flattered."Who are you writing?" she asked him."My mum," he told her, deep in thought. Then his face turned bright red and he glanced over at Hermione before scowling back down at the pretty blonde. "And anyway, it's none of your business," he said and he stomped off without another word.Luna watched after him with sadness in her eyes. "It's never good to use anger as a shield," she said. "Hate can't protect you, you know." But Hermione could only stare down at the strange girl and nod. There was something about Luna. She just couldn't figure out what it was."Aha!" Ginny exclaimed as she slipped into the Occlumency classroom ten minutes before the start of the lesson. "I knew you'd be here early!" Hermione hadn't seen the other girl all day. She'd taken the time to catch up on her readings and assignments from the peaceful confines of the Hogwarts Library. She smiled up at her friend."Hello Ginny.""Hello? Hermione, you disappeared! I mean, one moment you're there, the next you're gone, and you don't turn up until time for lessons. Have you been in bed all day?" She leered teasingly at the other girl and Hermione choked on a laugh."Of course not," she replied, "I've been in the library.""Uh huh, sure," said Ginny, unconvinced. "So tell me… when you said he was going to Summon you… I mean… he can actually Summon you? Like a House Elf?""Exactly like a House Elf," Hermione replied, drily."Wow." Ginny took a moment to let that sink in. "That's pretty hot," she said. "And speaking of which… how was your night?"Hermione grinned unabashedly up at her. "Fantastic."Ginny's eyes lit up. "I told you! I told you about the pajamas, didn't I?"The older girl nodded meaningfully. "You were so right.""Ha!" the redhead exclaimed. "Now tell me the truth. You spent the night there, don't try to deny it. So what about when you woke up?""Mmm," was all Hermione could say. Thoughts of the morning started pouring into her head and she had to force herself back to present. "Gods, Ginny," she murmured, "I'll tell you one thing: there is something to be said for a Potion Master's hands."Ginny's jaw dropped and she shook her head in embarrassment. "Bloody hell. Who would have thought? Severus Snape, lover extraordinaire." She giggled as the older girl swatted her arm. Then a thought came to Hermione and she frowned in thought. "Hermione?" Ginny murmured, sounding concerned. "What is it?"Hermione turned to look at the other girl and began to blush horribly. "It's just…" she broke off on a nervous laugh, but Ginny's raised eyebrows begged her to continue. "I… uh… I never understood why there were so many positions…"Ginny frowned in confusion a moment before understanding dawned and she laughed aloud. "Hermione, you devil! What did you do?"Hermione blushed crimson and gave Ginny an embarrassed smile. "Well," she began, "I woke up in his arms, my back against his chest…""Uh huh… And his morning stiffy in your back…" Ginny nodded, understanding.Hermione laughed. "Yes, well, we stayed like that for a while, just talking… and touching…""And then he took you from behind?""Yes," Hermione admitted, blushing fiercely."Merlin," Ginny muttered, fanning herself. "Even I have to admit, that is damn sexy. He didn't have to either, did he?" Hermione shook her head. "Mmmm," Ginny hummed. "Sounds like you softened the old bat." She smirked, her eyes slanting at Hermione. "That is, I suppose you hardened him first!" They both had to laugh at that, but then Ginny turned serious. "Has he told you he loves you, yet?"The question sent a shock through Hermione. But how could she tell the other girl that Severus would never love her, because he loved another? Her mood turned sad in an instant, but she tried to hide it from her friend. "Don't be silly, Gin," she said, "It's just lust; not love." But even as she said it, she knew it wasn't true. There was more to his feelings for her than that. But was it love? No. There was a lot of grey ground between lust and love. It was probably something in between; like affection."I don't know…" murmured Ginny, knowingly. But then the door opened and they both fell silent."Granger," Malfoy greeted, "Weasley.""Malfoy," Ginny said."Good afternoon," Hermione murmured idly. She had a hunch about Draco Malfoy. And if she was correct, a little politeness could go a long way. But for now he only eyed her suspiciously and took a seat across the room from the two Gryffindors. There was a long moment of silence."So…" Ginny finally began, cutting into the quiet, "have you thought about a costume for Slughorn's masquerade?"Hermione blinked. "I had forgotten all about it.""Well it's still two weeks away, but apparently he's to give out prizes for best costumes and the like. I haven't decided yet, either, but I'd like to wear something crimson. I like the way the color looks with my hair."Hermione thought about that a moment. "You could be a phoenix," she suggested.Ginny's eyes lit up. "Brilliant! Only, I don't want to take your idea… in case you wanted to be a phoenix…""No, that's okay, Gin. I think I'd rather do something a bit… subtler.""Hmmm," said Gin, "How about a lioness? No, I guess that's not subtle either. Plus Snape would have a cow. Maybe you could be… a librarian? Ha!" Across the room, even Draco Malfoy snickered at that one. But Hermione pretended not to notice. "No? Okay… you could be some kind of fairy… or a goddess… you could go as a witch!" When Ginny Weasley had learned that Muggles often dressed as witches for Halloween, she had fallen into hysterics. But right now, Hermione was too preoccupied to share her laughter. She had latched onto something else that Ginny had said. I could be a goddess.Just then, the door burst open again and Harry and Ron entered together, grumbling. "…waste of a Sunday night," Ron was muttering."It's completely pointless," Harry agreed. "Some people just can't learn Occlumency. Snape said so himself last time. If I couldn't learn it then, I don't know why he expects me to learn it now." Hermione gasped under her breath and looked up to see Malfoy's confused eyes grow wider and wider with comprehension. And then the door banged open once more and their professor stepped inside. Even after everything they had been through together, his dramatic entrances still made her heart leap up into her throat and hammer wildly. Or, was that because of everything they'd been through?"I hope you have all been practicing your meditations," the dark professor growled. "Now, who shall have the pleasure of initiating our little lesson?"As Severus headed back to the dungeons that evening, he brought his hand up to pinch the bridge of his nose. Another long lesson with the Golden Trio and company had brought about a monstrous headache. And at the moment, he would like nothing better than a pain potion and a bed to collapse into. Except perhaps someone to collapse next to me. Severus grinned, imagining how wonderful it would feel to have Hermione rub his aching back. And he almost groaned aloud at the prospect of her massaging various other parts of his anatomy as well.As he neared his office, he was practically hard with need, and already wondering if Hermione would consent to be Summoned for no reason at all. He didn't doubt that she would. And that thought left him so hard that he had to hurry the rest of way to his office door and slip out of the hall before someone chanced upon him and noticed the embarrassing bulge in the front of his trousers. But as the door shut behind him, Severus came to an abrupt halt. There, stretched out across his desk, clad in a skimpy black dress was Miss Pansy Parkinson. Keeping his face neutral, he averted his eyes from her beckoning figure."Miss Parkinson," he began in a scolding tone, "What on Earth do you think you are doing?"To his dismay, she slowly slid off of his desk, scattering parchment across the floor, and swayed her way over to him. "What do you think I'm doing, Professor?" He did not like the husky caress in her voice one bit."If you are wise, you are currently headed back to your dorm," he replied. When she brought a hand up to his chest and ran along the row of buttons, he stepped away from her in shock. But she only followed him until he was pressed against the door. "Miss Parkinson, do not force me to deduct points from my own House. I do not know what has brought about this outrageous behavior, but I assure you it is not welcome."Miss Parkinson brought her hand back to the front of his frock coat. "The evidence is to the contrary, Professor," she purred as her hand slipped down his chest to grope his aching erection. Severus jerked away, sweeping behind his desk and silently casting wards to keep her from reaching him again."Miss Parkinson," he began again, in his lecture tone, "You are a student and I am your professor. This behavior is wrong and I cannot allow it." She only quirked her lips at him and slinked toward his desk, leaning her hands against it to give him a good view of her ample breasts. But he maintained eye contact with the girl and hoped she saw the censure there."That doesn't stop you from fucking Granger, does it? And I promise you, Professor, I can be much more fun." Severus bristled, but could not let her see his rage."Miss Granger is no more than a slave, and a muggle-born to boot. You are a pureblood witch and daughter to one of my brothers.""My point exactly," she argued.He shook his head. "I will not disrespect you or your father by treating you the same as a mudblood whore.""What if I want to be disrespected?" she pouted. And Severus was filled with disgust."Then I am afraid I must disappoint you. Now leave me and get back to your dorm or I will be forced to give you detention. With Filch," he added as he noticed her lewd smirk.At that, she glared hatefully down at him before stomping angrily to the door. Severus lowered his face to his hands and pressed his fingers into the corners of his eyes. He did not look up until he heard his office door slam. Merlin, he thought. When did the world go insane?Too disgusted to fulfill his earlier fantasies, Severus downed a healthy portion of pain potion and took a freezing shower before collapsing on his bed. And even then, as sleep began to claim him, Severus pictured her face and smiled.









Chapter 34





Chapter Text
"What's all this?" he asked her as she dumped a pile of books and parchment on his desk."My research," she informed him. "You and I are in this together, after all, and I think that this may be important. What can we possibly hope to accomplish if we do not work together? There are dire stakes and I believe it is imperative that we be completely honest with each other."Those cinnamon eyes were staring stubbornly back at him, and Severus had to suppress a smile. The chit certainly had a knack for bringing about that unfamiliar urge.He hesitated a moment to make her squirm, but she did not back down. "Will you be assigning homework as well?" he asked her. Those pretty lips quirked up in humor at that and it made his chest swell to see her laughing at his jest. In his experience, laughter was cruel and mocking. But it was never like that with her; with Hermione."You don't have to do anything you don't want to do. I'm not even asking you to read the books, though I did think that you would want to anyway. Silly me. I do hope you can focus long enough to hear my explanations, though."He sneered up at her, wanting nothing more than to sweep her into his chambers and remove the many layers she was currently wearing. Most inconvenient. But the prospect of her research drew his interest away from that horrid, loose sweater and he picked up the first book. "Astrology? Surely you do not mean to interpret my horoscope."She laughed again and the corner of his mouth twitched with the desire to express the burgeoning emotion within him. "It's more relevant than you may think," Hermione told him.Doubtful, he thought, but ridiculously he trusted her enough to give the book a chance. "Chaos, Alchemy, Mythology, Serpents, Infinity? Forgive me if I cannot imagine how these books relate to each other, much less the war ahead of us." Severus knew that his expression was harsher than his words warranted, but he was overcompensating for the happiness he had never before had to suppress."Trust me. What are the odds that these texts have all fallen into my hands since reading that Chaos Theory text and just happen to lead me to the ideas that may eventually become a plan for the war? Just look over them. Allow me to explain my reasoning. If that prophecy is to be believed, I play an important part in the dark lord's defeat. Who is to say that this research is not the reason for that? And once you understand where I'm coming from, perhaps you can help me make sense of my conclusions."Finally, Severus allowed the tiniest hint of a smile to grace his lips. Damn but he loved her enthusiasm. And intellect. And those inquisitive cinnamon eyes. And that impertinent, sweet red mouth. Drawing his eyes away from her tempting figure, he withdrew some of the parchments. "Alright. I will indulge you. But first, there is something else I ought to tell you, since we are a team and we are being open and honest. The only reason I have not told you this before now is that I wanted to understand it better before proceeding. I wanted to be able to explain it to you. Unfortunately, it seems we will need to wait a while for any conclusive reports, but the picture has become significantly clearer. You remember that research into portkeys that the Headmaster was attempting? Well, it turns out that this particular curse has actually transformed you into a conditional portkey. He is doing further research at the moment to discern whether or not the direction can be reversed, how many people you might be able to take with you, etc. But the Headmaster believes it has something to do with the prophecy."Hermione's eyes were wide with shock and curiosity. "A conditional portkey?""Yes.""And you believe I may be able to transfer other people?""That is the hope, at least.""If that is the case, we could bring the Order to the dark lord, unsuspecting." She was practically buzzing with excitement, but Severus was more skeptical."It would be unwise to force a fight with the dark lord without bringing the Potter boy into it. We already know that 'one must die at the hand of the other.' But it would be foolish to deliver the Chosen One to the Death Eaters when we have no advantage but the element of surprise."Hermione nodded thoughtfully. "That is true." He could see that she was forming an idea. "But what if we were to transport the dark lord to the Order?"Severus felt a flare of fear at her words. "Too dangerous," he declared automatically, without even considering the advantages of such a plan. It would be suicide for Hermione, and that was a price he was not willing to pay."But it might be the best hope we have," she argued.He wouldn't hear it. "We don't even know if it is possible, yet. Further speculation at this point is merely a waste of time."The look she gave him told him that she didn't believe that, but she held her tongue."Are you going to lecture me about Chaos Theory or not?" It was a last ditch effort to sway her from the topic, but it proved effective nevertheless. Her face lit up with passion for the knowledge she wished to impart and Severus wondered when his own passion had grown so cold. He understood the feeling in those rosy cheeks and shining eyes, but he could not remember the last time he had felt so exulted. But watching Hermione as she explained her recent findings brought stirrings of those emotions to his heart. And he realized that she had awakened something within him that he had believed long gone; something that he had never missed until now, but that could easily consume him if he was not careful.Because for the first time in a long time, Severus Snape was filled with passion once again."Get on with it," Harry urged his best mate as he pushed him toward Hermione. The girl merely raised an eyebrow in wary curiosity."You're only making it harder," the stubborn redhead complained. Hermione squinted her eyes, closing the book on her lap and leaning back into the chair. Whatever it was, it was probably bad. "Alright, alright," Ron finally conceded as his messy-haired friend shoved him forward. "Er… Hermione…" he began awkwardly, "er… that is… Halloween is coming up and… well, Slughorn's party is supposed to be a hit. He's bringing in a load of his most famous friends. And a vampire even! And anyway… it's by invitation only… but you can bring a date… and, well, you're one of his favorites, so you're sure to get an invite. But he can't hardly remember my real name, so I don't reckon I'll be on the list, and… well, I was hoping… since it's not like you can bring Snape… maybe… you'd… want to go with me?"Hermione only stared up at her daft friend. "Sure, Ron. You can go with me.""Really? Brilliant! Thanks Hermione!" the relieved redhead collapsed gracelessly onto the couch beside her and Harry took one of the chairs."Yeah," Harry began in a tired voice, "I'll be going with Luna and Ginny's going with Neville, so that way we'll all get to go.""You've really put a lot of thought into this," Hermione noted with surprise."Yeah, well… It was that or Transfiguration homework." The dark-haired boy smirked playfully at her and Hermione could only roll her eyes."How do you two expect to pass your NEWTS if you can't even keep up with the daily assignments?""Don't get her started, Harry," Ron warned, "With our luck she'll make us sit out the festivities when we beat Ravenclaw this Saturday."Hermione wrinkled her brow. "A Quidditch match already?""Already?" Harry laughed. "It's a week later than last year! We've been waiting on pins and needles!""Aw man," Ron cut in in a low, worried tone, turning to Hermione, "What are you going to do when we play Slytherin? You better cheer for us! I don't care what the old bat says. Oh but, bloody hell, what if he orders you to cheer for them? What if he orders you to sabotage our team?!" Ron was working himself into a tizzy."Don't be absurd," Hermione scolded, "You know he doesn't use his power over me like that."Harry looked like he was about to say something on the subject, but he bit it back."Oh, come on!" she grumbled. "You two are completely ridiculous. Can't you just accept that I am working with Professor Snape, as a team, and that I am on good terms with him? You're so blind with your hate for him that you can't even see the truth right under your noses. Honestly, if he were truly so terrible, do you really believe I would be defending him like this?"The boys huffed in silence for a moment before Ron spoke up. "Maybe if he ordered you to."It was all Hermione could do to keep from throwing up her hands and leaving them in their stubborn anger. "Look, Professor Snape is an Order member, like it or not. If you can't trust my judgment, surely you trust Dumbledore. It seems rather silly to me. Shouldn't we save our anger for the real enemy?"Harry seemed properly shamed by that and he suddenly drooped where he sat, revealing the tired visage of a boy who had too much to worry about and no one to shoulder the burden. She wanted to reach out to him, to tell him that it would all be alright, that they were in it together and would always be there when he needed them. She wanted to tell him about the prophecy and her research and that of Dumbledore. But Harry spoke before she knew what to say. "Hermione, I know you mean well, and I know you trust Snape, but you have to remember that he's a spy. One side or the other is wrong about him and they're both positive that he's loyal. Do you honestly believe he tells you everything?"But Hermione had no answer for him. Because that was a question she had often asked herself. And she couldn't truthfully say that she believed he did.There was a knock at his office door and Severus bade the visitor enter. When the haughty face of Draco Malfoy appeared, he could not say that he was surprised, but he could not deny that he was disappointed."Good evening Mr. Malfoy.""Professor," Draco greeted curtly. Severus was unaffected by his tone, for he knew that the arrogant blond boy used such rudeness to cover up vulnerability. And it seemed that Draco Malfoy was feeling particularly vulnerable today."How may I assist you?" Severus prompted when no explanation was forthcoming.Draco fingered the edge of a scroll on the desk and did not meet his professor's gaze. "I wanted to talk to you about our Occlumency lessons," he began at last."Yes?""Well, I just think it's unfair for me to have to take lessons with the lot of them," he complained. Severus made no response, but considered his words and his tone and searched for some hidden meaning. It was not unusual or unexpected coming from the young Slytherin, but something in the way he would not meet his godfather's gaze made Severus immediately suspicious. His silence was soon rewarded when Draco could bear it no longer. "I could still have the lessons," he allowed, "but… just not with them." Odd indeed."I am afraid I will have to refuse, Mr. Malfoy. My schedule is difficult enough to plan as it is, and you can benefit from the mistakes that your classmates make in lessons, as well as your own."Draco was unhappy, but unsurprised as he continued to toy with the end of the scroll. "Then perhaps if you included more of my own House…""Don't be absurd. You are grasping at straws, Mr. Malfoy, but you know why we cannot permit anyone else to know of these lessons.""What if it was someone we knew we could trust?"Severus suppressed his immediate thought that no one in Slytherin House could be trusted. Such an answer would not become the Slytherin Head. "My final answer is no, Mr. Malfoy." The boy frowed unhappily and Severus could see the lines of worry etched into his brow. He is under a great deal of stress as well. "Draco," he began again, using the familiar term to reach out to the boy, "is there anything you wish to speak to me about?"There was a long pause before the boy shook his head, and when his godson's eyes finally met his, they were full of doubt, confusion, and fear. "Thank you for your time, Professor," the boy hurried to say, standing to leave before Severus had a chance to speak again. His use of the formal title was not lost on the dark spy. "Good evening," he murmured as he slipped out of the office, leaving Severus to stare at the dark wood of his door and wonder about this strange behavior from his good friend's son.Gryffindor was putting up a spectacular show for the first Quidditch match of the season. Harry was zipping around the stadium in search of the Snitch as Ginny repeatedly stole the Quaffle from the Ravenclaws and Ron blocked almost every goal. The crowds were in an uproar, screaming enthusiastically at every turn, even as the Ravenclaws across the way were so apparently unhappy. And yet, through all of this, Hermione could only think of one thing: He hasn't called me.It had been a week since Severus had last called her to him. And though she had been summoned for business, they had made love in the morning for no reason at all. But that seemed a world away after a week apart, and she had to admit she was hurt that he hadn't asked her to come to him since. A couple of times, she could have sworn he was planning to invite her down to the dungeons, but he hadn't yet. And she didn't want to go to him herself, because it was already clear enough that she felt more for him than he felt for her and she didn't want to push anything on him that he didn't want. But he called me Hermione.So what? Does that mean he loves you? No. It means he is disgusted by the prospect of sleeping with a student, and it became necessary to address each other more informally. But Hermione could not convince herself that this was true. She could still feel his arms around her and hear her name on his voice as he came deep within her. There was no doubting the affection in his tone. So, why had he been so cold and remote ever since? Oh, she had seen him often enough. They had Occlumency lessons three nights a week and she had met with him a few times to discuss research, but he hadn't so much as touched her in all that time.When Harry caught the Snitch and Gryffindor won, Hermione had to remind herself to smile and cheer. And as their House carried the team back to the castle, she found herself falling behind, looking back at the stands, wondering if he was there. But he made no appearance, and she eventually caught up to her Housemates and congratulated her friends on a superb victory amidst the chaos of the Common Room. When it came to Quidditch her word didn't count for much, but as their friend she knew that it mattered."Did you see the way he swooped down and pulled out just in time!?" Ginny asked. "No one can catch a Snitch like Harry!" In her excitement, the pretty redhead jumped into Harry's arms and kissed him full on the mouth; a gesture which he eagerly returned."Loads of people can do that," he replied shyly. "But you were unstoppable! I lost count of the number of times you stole the Quaffle! Those Ravenclaws have nothing on you." The statement was made extra sweet by the history Harry had with a certain Ravenclaw Seeker, and Ginny met his mouth once more in a tender kiss."Yeah alright, but what about me?" Ron interjected. The rest of them laughed."You blocked almost all of them!" Hermione put in enthusiastically. That much she knew.But Ron's face seemed to darken at that. "Yeah," he muttered, "almost.""You were fantastic, Ron!" Harry hurried to tell him. "You're a bloody brilliant Keeper!" His best friend beamed at that. "I'm not going to kiss you, though," Harry joked, and they were all laughing again.When the scent of fire whiskey began to fill the air and the most outspoken Gryffindors shouted toasts to the Quidditch team, Hermione began to feel more and more distant from the scene around her. She refused a glass of the amber liquid, as both other brushes with the substance had been disastrous, and headed toward the Portrait Hole.It wasn't until she was out in the hall that she knew what she was planning to do. But she couldn't help the pull of her feet in the direction of the dungeons and she didn't have much reason to resist. After all, it had been a week. Surely that showed some measure of willpower. And yet, as she neared her professor's door, Hermione began to have second thoughts. What if he was busy? What if he was with someone else? What if he didn't want her?But it didn't bear thinking about, so Hermione knocked on the door."Enter," a deep voice called out and Hermione's heart leapt in her chest and her stomach did a nervous somersault as fiery anticipation began to tighten her loins. She opened the door.Severus Snape kept his face completely, infuriatingly blank when she entered and she could feel her resolve weakening. "Good afternoon, Professor.""Good afternoon," he returned, but he hesitated and did not include her name. "Come to teach me more about Sagittarius?" he teased. Hermione wasn't fooled. She knew that he had taken her ideas seriously, but was loathe to give her credit for anything outside of the bedchamber. Stubborn bastard.Alright, Hermione, what's it going to be? Retreat to the safe topic of research or do what you came to do? She could have smiled because really there was no choice. Walk on the wild side, she told herself as she took a few steps toward her professor. "Not exactly," she murmured in what she hoped was a sultry tone. "Although, I hear that Mars is soon to be in Virgo. Would you care to discuss the implications of that?" Hermione's lips quirked as she neared her frozen professor. There was hunger in his eyes to be sure, but also uncertainty. Well, she couldn't blame him for that. If anything, it just meant that she would need to compensate for it. It was a damn shame she was so bundled up in sweaters, but she'd just have to make do."I understand that can be particularly fortuitous," Severus replied, finally. His voice was deep and smooth and dangerous and it sent curls of desire down her spine. "It is supposed to be a good time to make connections," he smirked, "to join together," Hermione leaned across his desk, supporting her weight on her hands, "to… take off ridiculously shapeless sweaters." He met her eyes and she could see the command in those inky depths, though he had not voiced it as such. And she obeyed without question, but of her own free will."Like this?" she asked him. Severus leaned back in his chair, his eyes caressing her body before meeting her own gaze once more. There was hesitance. He did not want to ask it of her. Was he still so worried about their roles as teacher and student? Well… she wasn't. And to demonstrate that, she began by slowly removing the rest of her clothes until she stood before him completely nude. Those black eyes seemed to devour her flesh with their fiery intensity. Then, as she was contemplating her next move, his wand shot out so quickly that she barely had the chance to register surprise before she felt the tug of a Summons and found herself falling into his lap with a muffled "Oh!"Severus grinned up at her as she straddled him and began to run his hands along the curves of her body. "Mmmmm," he moaned in approval. Then he pulled her tight against him and met her mouth in a gentle kiss. The contact sent a ripple of pleasure to her core as Hermione opened her mouth to him and brought her hands to the buttons on his frock coat."Please," she whimpered, and he moaned against her mouth. Then he slid a hand down the little row of buttons and they undid themselves magically. "Mmmmm," she moaned as she pushed it off his shoulders and turned her attention to the front of his trousers."Oh gods," he groaned as she slipped a hand inside, caressing the length of him as her tongue brushed against his. And then he stood, lifting her with him and laying her across the desk in one swift movement. And he groaned as he pressed his body against hers, crushing her into the hard wood as their lips tangled. Hermione wrapped her legs around his waist and thrilled at the sensation of his stiff erection pressed between her legs. "Please," he begged her as one hand came up to grasp her breast."Yes," she whimpered against his mouth. And Severus did not hesitate once permission was given. Pushing slowly inside of her, he did not stop until he was fully sheathed. "Oh," she gasped as he continued to kiss her, moving slowly but forcefully inside of her. Hermione was amazed that he could be so fierce and tender all at once.Severus broke away from her mouth and withdrew his own face only far enough to meet her gaze. And they maintained eye contact as he thrust into her harder and more urgently. Tears sprang to her eyes from the pure emotion of it, but she did not look away. Instead, she smiled up at him as he made love to her on his desk. And he brushed her mouth with his again in the softest gesture. In his eyes, she could see that this was more than sex. In his touch, she could feel how much he cared. And she knew that the passion of his movement was his passion for her."Oh please," she whimpered, and he quickened the pace, thrusting harder and deeper with every eager movement. The sensation was so overwhelming that she felt she might burst, and she met his eyes with her own, hoping to communicate silently those words he would be afraid to hear. I love you, she thought with her gaze, and tears burst from her eyes even as she shattered beneath him. Shocks of pleasure fell over her, pulsing through her as she shuddered underneath him, crying out wordlessly without breaking eye contact. And she saw a sudden raw intensity blossom in those dark depths as he thrust a couple more times inside of her before stiffening and grunting raggedly as he poured his seed inside of her.When his body relaxed, he did not collapse against her, but instead braced himself to look down into her weeping eyes. He brought a hand up to brush away the tears and run his knuckles along her cheek before meeting her mouth with his own and slowly, tenderly kissing her for a long moment. There was no doubting the sentiment in that kiss. And when he pulled away again, his eyes were full of some indiscernible emotion. And she had a feeling he was about to say something.But suddenly there was a roar in the fireplace and Severus ripped away from her."Severus?" Dumbledore's voice called. The floo was obscured from view by the curve of the wall and the shelves of jars and books that lay between. "May I come in?"The dark man's eyes were horrorstricken as he gaped for something to say. "Uhh," he began, reaching for Hermione and pulling her from the desk, "certainly, Albus."Hermione was suddenly being stuffed under his desk and he wordlessly Summoned her clothes, stuffing them down with her, and redressed himself with a wave of his wand as the Headmaster stepped through the floo. Within seconds, he was seated at his desk just as he would have been if Hermione hadn't come at all.The floor was cold and the space was cramped and it was difficult to keep from laughing at the hilarity of the situation in which they found themselves. She did not know much about dressing with magic and was therefore resigned to wait until the Headmaster left before clothing herself."I am afraid I have bad news, Severus," the Headmaster sighed. That caught her attention. "If my calculations are correct—and I think we both agree that they very likely are—it seems Miss Granger may not be able to transport nearly as much as we had hoped. In fact, it seems to me that it would be quite risky for her to transport any live person at all. I believe she may transport objects, however, so that may be useful. But I cannot imagine how that could possibly be the key.""Hmmm," Severus groaned. "That does complicate the matter.""Quite. And it seemed so very convenient and wonderfully ironic that Tom could have given us the link that would bring his demise to his doorstep. But alas, if it is not to be, it is not to be. I will continue with my research, but I am not optimistic that any different conclusion could be drawn. I confess myself heavily disappointed." The old man certainly sounded upset."As am I," Severus agreed. "But this does not alter the truth of the prophecy. There must be some other advantage we have not yet discovered. I feel certain that we shall unearth it eventually.""Perhaps," agreed Dumbledore, "But will it be in time?"Hermione felt around the dark space beneath the desk and gathered up her clothing as the Headmaster took his leave. And when Severus finally stood to allow for her escape, Hermione crawled out into the light with an impish grin on her face."Forgive me," he murmured at once. "I only wished to avoid Albus's judgment. Unfortunately, he has too much power over us to be trusted with knowledge of this…" He could not seem to name it, but Hermione knew what it was. Whether he liked it or not, they had a personal relationship now."That's alright," Hermione told him as he began to pace the room, deep in thought. She deposited her clothing on his desk in order to sort them out. And was surprised to see a splash of bright pink mixed into the folds. Frowning, she tugged it loose to discover that it was a pair of thong underwear. Hermione's immediate instinct was to stuff it back into the pile and pray the professor hadn't noticed. But he was still pacing. What the hell is this? she wondered. Her breath began to come in shallow, quick gasps and her heart seemed to hammer painfully in her chest. "After all," she improvised, "we're a team, right?""Certainly," he agreed mid-stride."And we are open and honest with each other?""Of course.""Severus," she murmured, hoping to get his attention. He stopped and turned to face her with concern clear in his eyes. "Are you keeping something from me?"He was quiet for a long moment, in which his face became a mask and he seemed to be thinking hard. "I am a spy for two sides of the war that will decide the fate of the Wizarding World. It is necessary for me to keep some secrets to myself."Hermione shook her head. "Not that kind of secret. I just…" she paused as tears came unbidden to her eyes. "I was just wondering if there was anything that you wanted to tell me…" It's not what it looks like. It's not what it looks like.Again, he paused a long moment before hesitantly shaking his head."Alright," she said almost angrily, her voice rough. She pulled the pink undergarment from her little pile of clothes. "So what is this, then?" She held the offending object up so that he would be sure to see what it was. And for another long moment, he was still. This time, however, it was a very guilty pause, and Hermione didn't like the feel of it at all."I can honestly tell you that I have never seen those before," he began, "but I have an idea of its original source."Hermione was not sure if she wanted to hear or not. Had he had some whore down here before she was in the picture? Did he have a girlfriend at some other point? A girlfriend with really slutty tastes in undergarments? She gestured for him to continue."Well… when I returned to the office late the other night… Miss Parkinson was here waiting for me. She… eh… implied that she wanted… to… to seduce me…""What!?""I sent her out immediately, I assure you.""Minus her underwear!?""She must have deposited them there while she was waiting," he floundered defensively."Oh gods! She was naked?""No! Gods no. she was wearing a dress.""Oh great! You remember what she was wearing. So why didn't you fuck her then? Or did you? Did you fuck her on the desktop too?""Don't be ridiculous! I do not make it a habit to sleep with my students!""Ohhh great!" Hermione threw up her hands in anger."Hermione, listen... she was jealous of you, that's all. But I told her I wasn't interested.""Oh really? So… why didn't you tell me?" Hermione was trembling with rage and hurt, and she knew she was being petty and insecure. But this really didn't sit well with her."I did not think it was relevant. Nothing happened. I do not run to you with stories about my Slytherins.""You know it's not like that! Did she kiss you?""No, of course not!""She didn't touch you at all?""No—well…""What? Tell me.""Ehm… that is… she took me by surprise, you see. And she did… she did sort of grab me.""Oh gods! I can't believe you didn't tell me! And here I was defending you while Harry's telling me that I'm foolish to think that you confide anything in me. And here you go and prove me wrong!""Hermione," he pleaded, "please. It wasn't like that. It was truly nothing of consequence. I swear it.""I told you about Sirius," she reminded him in a low, hurt voice. "How would you feel if you found out about it a week later by accident? As if I never planned to tell you at all?"Severus was outraged. "Well that's entirely different! He took advantage of you!""It doesn't matter! I didn't have to tell you. But I did, because I wanted to be honest with you." She glared at him as she pulled on her clothes. "I have to go," she told him when she was dressed. "Good day, Professor." He seemed to flounder for a response, but before he had the chance, she was out the door and hurrying back to Gryffindor Tower.What else hasn't he told me? she asked herself. She had not felt so hurt since the beginning of their little relationship, if you could even call it that. Oh gods, I was a fool. He was never open with me at all.









Chapter 35





Chapter Text
"Was I being irrational?" Hermione asked her pretty redheaded friend as the two girls lounged idly across the brunette's mattress."Absolutely not!" Ginny replied adamantly. "Even if he didn't do anything with her, he still should have told you. It's just like you said. You told him about Sirius, so it's only fair. I mean, your life is literally in his hands, so you need to be able to trust him.""But you don't think he actually did anything, do you?" Hermione bit her lip. She knew in her heart that Severus hadn't touched the girl, and yet that lingering jealous suspicion made her anxious.Ginny rolled her eyes. "No," she said obviously. "It's Snape." She said it with so much conviction that Hermione had to smile. "But he still should have told you about it. He owes you that much after all you've been through for him. Gods! Why are men so stupid? It's as if he's completely disregarding your feelings and pushing you to the perimeter as if it didn't concern you!"She had a point, Hermione admitted to herself. It wasn't fair for him to continue brushing her off that way. If it wasn't directly disrespectful, it at least meant that she was not showing enough respect for herself. After all, what self-respecting woman would stay in a relationship with a man who constantly dismissed her feelings as unimportant? Hermione groaned. "What can I do, Ginny? It's my own damn fault for falling in love with that selfish bastard. I'm not going to change him. But I can't change the way I feel about him either.""Whatever you do, don't just go and forgive him right away. Sometimes you have to punish a man before he'll realize his mistake.""Gods, I hate these games! Why does it all have to be so difficult?""That's the way of the world, love." Ginny reached over to pat the other girl comfortingly on the shoulder."Gods. I'm just… I don't know Ginny. I'm not angry. I'm just… so hurt, you know? I mean, I guess it was silly of me to imagine that we were equals somehow. He has all the power. I literally belong to him; mind, body, soul.""I don't know, Hermione. I think you have more power over the old git than you think." Ginny smirked at the other girl. "Never underestimate the power a woman has over her man."Hermione groaned. Severus wasn't her man, but how could she explain that to Ginny? Severus Snape was desperately in love with a ghost and she, Hermione Granger, invisible know-it-all, bushy-haired Brains of the Golden Trio, had no real claim to his loyalty. No; she was the one with the most to lose, here. And so, she was bound to be the one who was hurt the most as well, but understanding that did not keep the wound from throbbing."Gods!" Ginny shouted to the ceiling as she stretched back out across Hermione's bed. "It makes me want to punch his face in! He doesn't deserve you, you know. The man's a right bastard and he relishes that fact. And yet some perverse twist of fate stuck you with him. But is he grateful for that ridiculously unlikely bit of luck? Of course not! No, he continues on being the giant walking bat arse that he is, completely oblivious to your feelings, or else uncaring, and reaping the benefits like he's entitled to them."Hermione snorted at her friend's description of Severus. "Do you know that he actually used Legilimency on me when I told him about Sirius? He relived the whole encounter through my mind! And then he had the gall to command me not to see or touch Sirius ever again!" Of course, he had retracted that particular order, but that wasn't the point."Are you kidding?! What an arse!""Yeah and then when he was telling me about Parkinson, he said 'I don't go running to you with stories about my Slytherins.' As if they come first! Which is exactly what Pansy and her posse told me when I ran into them!""Are you bloody kidding me!? That selfish stupid git! You should demand that he let you see his memory of that night. It's only fair.""Oh come on, Ginny, he's a Master Occlumens. He could show me anything he wanted me to see. And besides…" she hesitated as a sudden surge of emotion choked her. "I never would have done that to him." Tears were creeping into Hermione's voice. "If our positions had been reversed and he had come to me the way I came to him about Sirius, I never never would have broken into his mind that way! He had no right!" A single tear broke free and slipped across her cheek."No," Ginny said, sitting up to wrap an arm around her friend, "he didn't."Severus hesitated a moment before bursting through the door. He had not spoken to Hermione since their confrontation the other night and he was afraid of what she might say. Her accusations had been completely undeserved, but it was wrong of him not to confide in her. It hadn't been deliberate. He honestly hadn't thought that it was important enough to tell her. And after all it wasn't as if they were married. Severus cringed. He was lying to himself. Had he been in her position, he would have wanted to know. Hell, when Sirius had taken advantage of her, he had practically attacked her with rage. Of course, to be fair, what Sirius had done was far worse than Miss Parkinson's pathetic attempt at seduction. Severus reached for the doorknob as he reached the conclusion he had been drawn back to in every argument with himself since their fight: he ought to apologize to the girl.As he swept into the room, it was immediately apparent that Hermione was absent. He frowned at that. It was three minutes past the start of the lesson and she was typically early to every class. "It seems Miss Granger has not deigned to present herself punctually this evening," he said. "Am I to assume that one of you carries some written excuse of illness or tragic accident from the little know-it-all?" Anger was beginning to edge into his voice. He had worked himself up to an apology and she hadn't even bothered to show up to the lesson.The three Gryffindors shook their heads warily. "We haven't seen her," Miss Weasley told him."We even checked the library," Potter agreed.Severus scowled down at them, but even their simultaneous withdrawal from him did not assuage his temper. Ripping his wand from his sleeve, he removed the Disillusionment spell from his ring in one swift motion and engraved a message on its golden surface. Where are you? It read. And then he waited. And as he paced angrily back and forth across the front of the room, the four present students began to fiddle nervously, exchanging worried glances.His own impatience grew to worry soon enough as well. She hadn't responded. Perhaps she had not noticed the message. Shall I Summon you? he asked. No response. Severus was pacing anxiously as the minutes ticked by, and there was no sign of her. "None of you have seen her?" he asked. They shook their heads. "And you checked her bedroom?" Miss Weasley nodded.An inexplicable surge of fear swept through him at that thought. He was powerless to contact her. She could be anywhere. She could be hurt. Something might have happened, and he wouldn't know. Why won't she just respond?! But it soon became clear that Hermione was never going to respond, and Severus was at a loss about what to do. "She hasn't been wandering off, has she?" he asked, the worry creeping into his voice. He turned to his godson. "You haven't seen her either, Draco?" If any of his Slytherins had touched the girl, Draco Malfoy would know it. But the arrogant blond gave Severus a strange look and shook his head.Answer me or I'll Summon you, he told her. It was almost too long a message for the little ring, but Hermione Granger had good reading eyes and would certainly be able to read the tiny print. That thought gave him a little hope for a moment, and then caused his fears to weigh on his chest when she still did not respond. He swallowed the knot of fear tightening in his throat at the thought that his messages could be delaying her rescue and brought the tip of his wand to the inside of his forearm.In an instant the girl was collapsing in a heap in front of him with a muffled gasp. She met his eyes and he watched fear turn to defiance in the time it took him to assess that she had not been in any danger at all. And rage began to swirl inside of him, stirring the tumult of emotions that he had been feeling of late and directing them at the defiant figure at his feet. "You are late," he told her in a deep growl, his every muscle tensed with anger.She only lifted her little chin and responded coolly; "I know."The lesson was a flurry of hellfire. Hermione did not think his anger was justified. If anything, he should be apologizing to her for his recent behavior. She owed him nothing, and he needed to remember that. And being late certainly did not warrant 25 points from Gryffindor and the foulest mood she'd seen from Severus since the incident with Sirius.But the moment the lesson was over, Hermione had made a hasty retreat before their professor could call her back and interrogate her some more. In fact, she was so determined to get away that she arrived back at the Common Room a good ten minutes before the rest of her friends. When they finally stepped through the Portrait Hole, she had already written three inches of her latest Transfiguration essay."Wow," was all Ginny could say. "I can't remember when I've ever seen Snape so angry.""I can think of a time or two," Harry murmured glumly. "What was all that about, Hermione?""We know what it was about!" Ron interjected before Hermione had a chance to answer."Oh shut it, Ron! You don't know the half of it!" his sister snapped."Don't be stupid, Gin! You heard what he said!" Ron hissed.Hermione frowned in confusion. "What who said?""Don't worry about it. Ron was misinformed," the other girl assured her."Blood hell, Ginny! Not you too!" Ron was disgusted."What about me?" Ginny returned."You're all in love with Snape of a sudden and don't want to listen to the bloody evidence!""I am not…" Ginny began, but Hermione cut her off."Will someone tell me what is going on?!" she shouted a bit too loudly. A few heads turned toward the little group and they fell silent for a moment."Alright," Harry murmured quietly, "but let's move. Too many ears." The others agreed and followed the Chosen One to his four-poster where they all settled down before closing the curtains around them."So…?" Hermione prompted."So," Harry repeated with a sigh, "it was Malfoy. After you and Snape ran out of the room he told us all that he knew why you were angry. He said it was because you were jealous." He hesitated. "Apparently, Pansy Parkinson has been telling everyone and their uncle that…" he bit his lip, but only paused for a brief moment before cutting to the chase, "that Snape tried to seduce her."Hermione's jaw dropped."It's rubbish, of course," Ginny reassured her anxiously."Bollocks!" said her brother. "I say maybe old Snape's decided he likes sleeping with his students and maybe he should try it with one he likes a bit better.""Ron!" Harry and Ginny hissed at once. The comment hit hard, however unfounded it may have been."She's only spreading rumors," Ginny murmured gently, placing a comforting hand on the other girl's shoulder. "She's probably angry that Snape rejected her.""More like he's angry that she rejected him!" Ron bit back."Shut it, Ron!" Ginny shouted. "Hermione, you know that's not true. Besides, why would Snape seduce Pansy in his own office?" She gave Hermione a pointed look."Who said anything about his office?" Ron demanded. "It coulda been anywhere!""You're right, Gin," Hermione said at last. "She's probably making it up to get back at Severus and make me jealous."The boys suddenly had twin expressions of revulsion. "Severus?" Ron hissed in disgust.Hermione felt the heat rising in her cheeks. "Yes, Ronald. That's his name."The boys shared a look at that, but Ginny turned her attention away from them. "Anyway, she's a stupid whore and we're going to repay her for this someday. Maybe we'll tell everyone she got drunk and made out with Filch. Would you like that?"Hermione's laugh was twisted by a shiver of disgust. "It doesn't matter," she sighed. "I just hope this rumor doesn't spread too far.""Small chance of that," Harry told her apologetically."I can't believe the lot of you," Ron told them. "You have proof right in front of you and you still don't believe it. Soon you're all going to find out how wrong you are about that greasy git.""Ginny," Harry began calmly, "why don't you take Ron for a little walk?" The young lovers shared a look before Ginny nodded and reached for her brother's hand."Let go of me!" Ron protested. But Ginny was having none of that and soon Hermione and Harry were all alone."Hermione," her friend began, "you know I'm the last person who would ever take Snape's side, but I agree with Gin in this case. He doesn't want Parkinson. Why would he when he's got you?" He smiled awkwardly at Hermione and she smiled back as sudden tears began to sting her eyes. Then Harry's brow furrowed in thought. "He was worried you know. When you didn't show up. He kept asking if we had seen you. And he even asked Malfoy. I… I could tell he was worried about you. And it wasn't until after you appeared that he got angry.""Really?" Hermione whispered; her relief painful in her chest.Harry nodded. "I think…" he hesitated. "It's like he's weirdly protective of you." The dark-haired boy caught her eye and Hermione could see the conflicting emotions behind his calm façade. But his words meant more than she could say. "I didn't want to believe it," he admitted, "probably because Snape is such an awful bastard and I still don't know if we can trust him. But I've never seen him like he was today at the lesson. It was crazy, Hermione, I think he was actually afraid." The green-eyed boy seemed to marvel at this realization and the astounding implications as Hermione watched."Afraid?" she repeated, prompting him for more information."Yeah," was all he could say, but he looked up at her with such comprehension that she knew he had finally realized the strange truth that Professor Snape was not pure evil as the entire school seemed to believe. "Hermione," he said hesitantly, meeting her eye, "I think… I think he cares about you." Even as he said it, he seemed perplexed by the very concept, but Hermione could not hold back a smile."You think so?" she asked him, relief flooding her senses and a palpable joy filling the cavity of her chest."Yeah," he said again, marveling at the word. "Yeah, I do."









Chapter 36





Chapter Text
"So what brings you here, Severus? I am certain it is not my pleasant company you seek." Lucius leaned back in his regal armchair and took a sip of brandy. A fire was beating waves of heat toward them from the giant hearth and all manner of ward and secrecy had long been established."That's for a certainty, my friend," Severus replied. "You have less cheer than a dementor at present."The blond man sighed. "And for good reason. I've scarcely spoken with Narcissa for weeks. It is beginning to seem less and less likely that she will ever come to terms with our new situation.""Well, it is only temporary after all." There was a long, heavy pause in which neither man mentioned the uncertainty of that statement. After all, if the dark lord won the war, their circumstances could very well be permanent. But then, that was exactly the train of thought that Severus was trying to push on his old friend."You haven't come to talk about Narcissa; of that I'm sure. Speak your mind Severus, or I'll grow impatient with you." Lucius most certainly was not himself to be so rude. His eyes were bloodshot and there were bags beneath them. Apparently the glory of having the dark lord as a personal guest had evaporated rather quickly, leaving only fear and anxiety in its wake."Actually I wanted to ask you about Draco," the professor said. "He's been acting rather strangely of late and I wondered if perhaps you had noticed anything peculiar."From Lucius's frown of concern and confusion, Severus surmised that the other man had not noticed anything out of the ordinary. "I haven't heard much from him at all if truth be told.""Hmmm." Severus took a sip of brandy. "Do you usually hear from him with some frequency?"Lucius nodded absentmindedly. "He enjoys regaling me with tales of his enemies' misfortunes and his own excellent academic successes."Severus suppressed a smirk. That sounded about right. "He has seemed rather sullen. And I can't imagine what could be the cause.""I have no idea," Lucius admitted in a weary voice. It seems we all have too much to worry about these days." He looked over at his dark-haired friend. "What about you, Severus? Those worry lines aren't all for my son, are they?"Severus allowed himself a deep sigh and turned toward the other man. "It is as you say, Lucius. We all have our worries.""Come now, Severus. We are friends, here. Must you continue with your vague political responses?"The sullen professor had to smirk a bit at that. Lucius always had known him better than anyone else. "I'm sure you can't imagine.""It's the girl." The guess was offered without any hesitance and it took Severus momentarily off guard. He nodded and Lucius laughed. "Of course it is. And what, pray tell, has happened to you this time? A lovers' quarrel is it?"Severus tensed at the implications of his words. "I would hardly call us 'lovers.'""Oh, save your caution for your enemies, Severus. We both know she isn't just your slave. And I imagine that it isn't something she's done wrong that has you so upset. In fact, I'd wager that it is you who has somehow angered your partner and therefore learned the fire of a woman's wrath. Tsk tsk, Severus, I have twenty years on you in this game. You cannot fool me."Severus slumped with a sigh of resignation. "I just… with Albus or… anyone else… I know exactly what will anger them. But… women require a completely different strategy and I haven't learned it yet.""Oh there you go comparing life to chess again. Just tell me what you did and be done with it."The dark wizard looked up at his friend guiltily. "Well…" he wasn't sure where to start. "I made the mistake of not confiding in Hermione when a certain student of mine made sexual advances toward me. But in my defense, I honestly thought nothing of the girl's poor attempt at seduction. It wasn't as if I had any interest in her.""Tsk tsk," Lucius began. "Women are jealous creatures, Severus. Especially when they are insecure. And, correct me if I'm wrong, but I feel certain that you have not given her any solid reason to have faith in your loyalty to her." He had a point and Severus cringed at the truth of it. Honestly, he didn't know what they really were or where the boundaries and lines and labels were. It was near impossible to navigate the harsh terrain without a map of some sort. "But I am hearing something even more interesting behind the words you say and that is that a female student of yours offered you sexual favors and you turned her down. Well, that is quite fascinating, as you have no marriage bonds keeping you faithful to the Granger girl. Do you have a practiced excuse for that as well?"Severus scowled at his old friend. "She is my student. And most certainly not my type.""Ah, and what is your type, Severus? Bushy-haired Gryffindors with a passion for books? That does seem to be the trend.""Alright, Lucius, I have already admitted to caring for the girl. And I've confided our latest bit of drama with you. Must you harass me further? My sole concern at present is putting the whole mess to rights.""Well," the aristocrat began, thoughtfully, "take it from a man who is completely incapable of giving his angry wife what she demands; if you have it in your power to make her happy again, even if that means a blow to your pride, she will be worth it in the end."The Saturday sun was obscured by the foreboding storm clouds that encroached upon the castle like uninvited guests, beckoned by All Hallows' Eve. Hermione watched the blackening sky with a wary eye, wondering if it was an omen or just an eerie coincidence. The castle was abuzz with excitement, but here in Hermione's dormitory there was only heavy silence.The door opened and a moment later Ginny Weasley stood beside her, staring out at the ominous storm. "Merlin," she murmured in good humor, "even the sky is dressed up this year."Hermione's lip quirked up as a bit of her worry was siphoned away by Ginny's happy mood. This Halloween was an even grander occasion than it had been any other year, because this year Professor Slughorn was hosting a masquerade. It was the talk of the school, though only a select group of older students had been invited. Yet the excitement of the party was contagious and the entire castle was suddenly full of various colorful costumes. Already a group of older Slytherins had lost 50 points for terrifying a Hufflepuff first year, someone had jinxed Neville Longbottom's mask to stick indefinitely to his face, Peeves had somehow managed to dye Filch's face green which made him look eerily reminiscent of a witch from a muggle children's tale, and there were still hours of daylight before the festivities even officially began."Is your costume finished?" Ginny asked the other girl.Hermione nodded. "I'm still not sure I'll have the nerve to wear it, though.""Oh, come on!" teased the pretty redhead. "Compared to mine, yours is practically modest."Hermione grinned mischievously at her friend. "Unless there's a light behind me." The Grecian gown Hermione had designed for her impersonation of Nike seemed opaque to the casual observer. But anyone who took a second glance at its unassuming folds would see that the outline of her body was entirely visible beneath the thin layer of cream was secretly hoping that a certain angry professor might take notice.Ginny's costume was a ballerina's rendition of a phoenix, complete with tutu and corseted bodice. Lengths of red satin hung beneath her arms, attaching at the wrist, and her mask was an extravagant bird of crimson and gold (a blatant display of Gryffindor pride). And anywhere the girl could show a patch of skin, she did so shamelessly. After all, Halloween was an opportunity to break dress code and flaunt one's assets for the world to see.Or so Ginny Weasley seemed to believe, and she was not alone. Parvati and Lavender had also designed rather scandalous costumes and Hermione was afraid to even imagine how Pansy Parkinson might be dressed. Beside them, she would blend into the wall and no one would notice that beneath the modest gown she wore nothing else at all. No one, that is, except Severus Snape. At least… that was her plan.Severus stared down at his musty, old costume. It had been years since the castle had a proper Halloween party, and Severus had once enjoyed the occasion. Once a year he was able to disguise his true identity and enjoy the festivities as any other man. He had taken delight in shaming the other dancers only to reveal at the end of the night that it was the dreaded Potions Master who commanded the dance floor with such grace. The sight of their horrified faces never ceased to amuse him and that thought alone could sustain him for months afterward.But this year would be different. She would be there, and Severus was busy contemplating what sorts of tricks he could play on the girl before she realized who he was. A wicked grin spread across his face as he freshened the old costume with a few quick spells and made some adjustments to the design. There were rumors that a vampire had been invited to the masque, but Severus knew the man would not dress as the young dunderheads expected him to. It would be the perfect disguise.The entire faculty had been extended invitations to the grand affair, but a portion of them planned to attend the feast in the Great Hall in support of the large number of students who would not be able to join their friends at Horace's party. Albus himself was to remain, and though Severus was sure a number of them planned to come afterwards, the Headmaster likely would not join them. All the better. The old man would probably only ruin his fun.Hermione stared at herself in the mirror for a long time. Was it too obviously transparent? Should she make the fabric thicker? She studied the subtle lines of her body beneath the gown and reminded herself that the Halloween party was likely to have dimmer lighting than her bathroom. But it still seemed so daring to step out into the castle so scandalously dressed. No one else will notice, she reminded herself. But it was hard to believe at the present moment.Ginny popped her head in for a peek and whistled approvingly. "Merlin, Hermione! You look fantastic!"Hermione spun around to face her. "Is it too obvious?" She knew the worry was written plainly across her face and Ginny smiled reassuringly at her."You worry too much. It's very subtle," she assured her. "If it were any less obvious, Snape himself wouldn't be able to tell.""You think?"Ginny nodded. "You need a mask, though. It's a masquerade.""Of course!" Hermione had almost forgotten. Nike had wings, but she didn't want to look so much like an angel, so she had decided to put wings on the mask instead. The elegant white mask curved over her nose and the impression of feathers reached away from the center, framing her eyes."Perfect," Ginny murmured, excitement edging into her voice."Can you help me do my hair?" Hermione asked.The other girl shook her head. "Leave it as it is," she said. "You look like a goddess."Hermione beamed at the pretty redhead in the reflection. "That was my intent."As the two girls made their way down the stairs to the Common Room, the three waiting boys stood up to greet them with expressions of awe upon their faces. Ginny ran immediately to Harry who kissed her and appraised her with a mouthful of compliments while Neville looked on and blushed awkwardly. Ron, however, had eyes only for her, and Hermione suddenly felt exposed before him as his eyes swept down her figure."Wow, Hermione," he said, "you look amazing!""Thanks, Ron," she replied, fighting the urge to cover herself with her hands. It's only for a little while.Luna met them a corridor away from the party to join up with Harry as his date. She was dressed in some poofy ensemble with striped stockings of purple and red and a twisted curving unicorn-style horn atop her head."Er… what are you dressed as, Luna?" Harry asked."A Crumple-horned Snorkack of course," she replied. "I've never seen one personally, but I know enough about them from my father. He's seen one himself, you know.""Has he?" Harry replied dully. "Well you look… er… lovely.""Thank you, Harry," Luna said dreamily. "That's very nice of you to say."There was a line of students pushing their way through the door to get into the masquerade, and when it was their turn to enter, Ron put a hand on the small of Hermione's back. It made her skin itch and she pulled away from him the moment they had passed through the door. A quick scan of the room told her that Severus was not yet there. Only then did she allow herself to take in the surroundings and appreciate the extravagance of the affair.Horace Slughorn was a man of luxurious tastes, to be sure. Ribbons, curtains, and lengths of flimsy fabric draped from the ceiling at random to give the air a bit of mystery. Tables covered in dark red cloth lined the walls and dotted the outskirts of the dance floor, and each was lit with candlelight that flickered through the eerie visages of skulls and Jack-o-lanterns. More candles hung throughout the room, suspended in midair. They were no different than the candles hanging in the Great Hall, but in this dim atmosphere they reminded Hermione of another time in another place where a thousand glowing candles surrounded her on all sides, reflected in the blinking surfaces of a hundred mirrors. And her heart began to pound irrationally at the memory.But there was no stone altar in the middle of the dance floor and the gentle waltz of the couples clinging to one another was a striking contrast to the couplings of the Death Eaters and their victims. She took a steadying breath and felt some of her anxiety melt away. Then she turned her body to face the door so that she would see Severus the moment he arrived.Ron was looking at her sheepishly. "Hermione," he began in a soft voice, "I know we've been a little on the outs lately, but you know it's only because I care about you." Oh gods. What do I say to that? "It's just… it's not supposed to be you and Snape. It's supposed to be you and me and Harry. Like old times.""Oh, Ron," Hermione began, but she was interrupted by a very excited Ginny Weasley."Did you see Parkinson's costume?" she whispered happily. "It's ghastly!" Hermione looked up in time to see the girl in question strutting through the room on the arm of some stupid-looking Slytherin and wearing some sort of slutty pink and black lingerie with cat ears and a tail.Hermione wrinkled her nose in disgust. "Pathetic."Suddenly Parvati and Lavender were there beside them and Lavender leaned over to join in the Pansy-bashing. "Have you heard about her and Snape? Apparently she went to him for help with an assignment and he offered her a whole lot more…" She winked hideously at them and Hermione felt her temper rising."That's not true, really," came Luna's voice from out of nowhere, and she was suddenly standing right between Ron and Hermione. "You've got it switched around is all." The entire group was staring down at Luna in incredulous confusion."What?" Lavender bit out in a mocking tone."It's true," the little blonde told the other girl. "Pansy asked Professor Snape, really. Only he wasn't interested. He doesn't love her, you see." In that moment, Hermione could have kissed the pretty Ravenclaw. She didn't know how Luna had come by that information (if she hadn't just known it somehow), but her timing was impeccable."Are you kidding me?!" Lavender hissed. She and Parvati exchanged a wicked smirk and then Lavender began to laugh. "Oh that is so much better! Come on, we have got to tell Padma!" Yes. Go. Spread the news. I knew those giggling gossips had to be good for something.Their little group dispersed as the other Gryffindor girls ran off to share the story with anyone who would listen, Harry went off to get Ginny some punch, and Neville asked Luna to dance. Hermione had a horrible feeling that Ron was about to ask her to as well and began searching desperately for some excuse."Hey look," Ginny murmured excitedly, pointing toward the entrance. "A vampire. Do you suppose that's the real vampire or a fake one?"Hermione glanced at the door. The man in question was a handsomely dressed Victorian gentleman all in black with silver detailing. A black velvet cloak covered his forehead and cast shadows across his face as its deep, heavy folds swept the floor. His half-mask was pale off-white and ornate as far as she could tell through the shadows of his hood. And below it his lips were parted in an evil grin, revealing razor fangs an inch longer than incisors.Hermione smiled. His posture, his movement, the angles of his body, the elegant grace with which he commanded attention, even the way his tight buttoned sleeves flared slightly at the wrist to cover part of his hand told Hermione who he truly was. "No, Ginny," she smirked, "he's not a vampire."Severus's eyes swept the dim room. His vision was impaired by the itching, irritating mask, but he knew he would not be able to remove it for a long time. Already sweat was coating the surface of his skin wherever the damned thing touched, but he was determined to ignore it. Where is she? It took him a moment, but he finally found Hermione standing beside a bright red be-feathered Weasley girl. Her simple white mask did not hide her identity and that wild mane of curls was a veritable beacon to anyone looking for the little know-it-all, as Severus was.She was watching him, smiling, he thought, in a rather seductive way. But if she did not know who he was, was she then attempting to enchant a complete stranger? No. She would not sink so low. They had not yet had a chance to make peace with one another, and for all Severus knew she could be plotting against him. But that was a worry for another time. At the moment, he could only stare transfixed at the beautiful woman watching him from across the room.Her soft, full lips were tilted in a devious smile and her hair was down and wild. The pale, soft folds of her gown were an elegant contrast to the cheap, tacky displays the other girls had put together. And a candle somewhere behind her gave her hair the ethereal illusion of a halo.She looked like the angel from his dreams.And she was suddenly walking towards him. Severus's breath caught in his chest and he glanced nervously around to notice several other pairs of eyes watching him. Apparently his arrival had not gone unnoted, but he could see from their curious expressions that they did not recognize him.His gaze returned to her approaching form and he was startled to see the light of several candles breaking through the translucent material of her gown. The curves of her body were outlined by light like a goddess stepping out of the heavens. She might as well have been naked. But before Severus's body could react to that thought, he stepped toward her, meeting her in the middle with an outstretched hand; a gesture of invitation onto the dance floor which she readily accepted. Does she know me?Another waltz began to play, to his relief. If anyone other than Horace Slughorn had planned this grand affair, the music would have been an entirely different sort. As it was, he soon had Hermione spinning and gliding with him across the floor like a vision from a dream. And though it was immediately obvious that she had never danced a day in her life, he knew how to lead and she knew how to learn. He smirked when he saw that many of the onlookers were exclusively watching them, but Hermione's eyes never left his face (except a time or two to check her clumsy feet).There was no longer a doubt in his mind that she knew who he was. But that was amazing to him. Albus himself had had a hard time recognizing him the first time he'd worn this disguise. But Hermione Granger had spotted him immediately and come to him without a moment's hesitation. Gods how he wanted to kiss her.When the song ended, he offered her his arm and led her from the floor.It felt marvelous to be beside him for all the world to see. Hermione practically clung to Severus's arm as they headed toward the punchbowl at the far end of the room. She was surprised to see the level of interest their dance had drawn, as several people were blatantly staring at them. Lavender and Parvati looked jealous, Harry and Ron were clearly confused, but Ginny winked knowingly at her and Malfoy seemed alarmed.Severus said not a word as he poured a cup of punch for her and Hermione merely stared into his masked face with a secret smile meant only for him. Even if no one knew who he was, it was so liberating to be with him this way. It was almost as if there was nothing shameful about their relationship. And she so wanted to believe that was true.Hermione glanced around in time to see Ginny whispering in her brother's ear as a look of comprehension dawned behind his plastic mask and Lavender Brown suddenly appeared at his side. She leaned over to him, drawing his attention, and as they stood and headed toward the dance floor, Lavender sent Hermione a triumphant look. Does she honestly think that will upset me? And then Severus was leading her away with a gentle hand on her elbow.He led her toward the outer wall where long black curtains hung at regular intervals all along its length, concealing shallow alcoves with floor-length windows that would have let in too much moonlight. Once they were ensconced within one of these narrow nooks—and there was no doubt half the room had seen them slip into it—Severus withdrew his wand and cast a Muffliato. "Hermione," he murmured softly, "you little temptress, are you punishing me?"She laughed softly. "Would I be so cruel as that?"His hand came up to cup her face and Hermione sighed desperately at his touch. It had been so long since he had caressed her this way. "I am not the only one who can see through that gown, you know."Hermione could feel herself blushing. "I know.""Do you mean to tease them too?" His voice was a growl."Am I teasing you?""That depends." His lips spread in a mischievous smirk. "While it is certain that you are arousing me, you are only teasing if you do not plan to relieve that arousal as well."Hermione's eyes grew wide and her lips parted as he stepped toward her, pushing her against the wall and leaning down to capture her mouth as his hands met her waist. He growled a long deep moan as their lips brushed against each other and Hermione whimpered as a hand came up to cup her breast. His tongue begged entrance and Hermione obliged him, rubbing her own tongue against his as his mouth slanted over hers again and again. Soon, his body was pressed against hers, moving restlessly as they panted against each other's lips.Hermione's hand slipped down to grasp the prominent bulge between his legs and he groaned in agonized bliss. He broke away from her mouth to kiss her neck and she could feel the sharp tips of his fangs against the tender skin. "Oh, Hermione," he moaned, sliding a hand up her bare thigh and finding nothing beneath her gown. In a heartbeat his hand was between her legs, teasing her with deft fingers until she was whimpering against him.Hermione pushed him away and slowly slipped down the length of his body until she was on her knees before him. Even behind the mask, she could see hunger in his eyes as he waited, frozen to the spot. She began to undo the buttons of his trousers, but he stopped her with a hand. "No," he told her, "not here." She only blinked up at him in confusion. "I want to make love to you, Hermione." Oh gods. "Will you meet me in my chambers?""Yes," she replied in a husky voice. "With pleasure.""Go ahead, then. I require a moment to compose myself. Besides, my exit will be somewhat more conspicuous and it would be best if you were already long gone." She nodded excitedly up at him and Severus helped her to her feet. She turned to go, but he pulled her back and pressed his lips to hers once more."Don't make me wait," she whispered. And with that she stepped through the curtains and made a circuit of the room to lose any lingering eyes and to tell Ginny where she would be."Yeah, girl!" Ginny shouted. Someone had spiked the punchbowl and Ginny had clearly taken advantage of that. "Go get that makeup sex!" Luckily the noise in the room had elevated and the dancing had grown wild, so no one so much as noticed the pretty redhead's shout.As Hermione slipped away, she caught sight of Ron and Lavender making out in a corner and rolled her eyes. Well, one less problem to worry about, she thought. Then she gleefully returned to the task at hand. There were voices farther down the hall. They were so faint, Hermione almost didn't notice them. But the corridor was empty and quiet and the sound of muffled murmurs drifted easily to her ears.As she passed an archway leading to a balcony, Hermione paused, catching sight of blonde hair glowing in the moonlight. From the look of it, Draco Malfoy and Luna Lovegood were leaning against the railing, looking out on the castle grounds. Malfoy's mask dangled from his hand and his voice was weary when he spoke. "But, what if you don't know what you want?""Most people don't, I think," came Luna's reply, "but when I don't know what to do I put my choices in a hat and pick one."Malfoy snorted. "You put it down to chance? God does not play with dice.""No, that's not it. If I don't like the one I pick, I throw it away. Eventually there's only one that's left, you see. And that's the one you wanted all along."Hermione's heart was hammering in her chest. What was Malfoy so unsure about and why the hell was he listening to Luna Lovegood's advice?"But say…" Malfoy began again, "say one person wants you to do one thing and another… wants you to do another… well… how do you know which to do?""Oh, that's easy," Luna told him. "I just do the one that's right." There was a long pause and then Malfoy turned to look at the girl beside him. Hermione felt suddenly uncomfortable, as if she'd seen too much, and slipped away before either of the pale blondes caught her watching them.
What the bloody hell was that?!
Having calmed the fire in his loins, Severus stepped out of the curtained alcove and straight into madness. Horace's party had quickly gotten away from him and he doubted very much that the old Potions Professor had ever heard most of the music that was playing now. He stifled the urge to cover his ears as he made his way through the boisterous crowd. Not only had the music gotten louder, but the students themselves seemed to have turned up the volume. The result was a cacophony of monstrous proportions.Trying his best to ignore the ruckus, Severus shoved his way through the excited crowd to the door that led to freedom. Outside, a cool draft fell across his face, heightening his desire to remove the mask. But soon enough he would be able to remove that and much more, he thought. A smirk twisted his lips as he remembered the way Hermione had whimpered against his mouth. He hadn't even had to apologize for her to forgive him. Funny, but that made him want to apologize even more. It made him want to kneel before her and promise her the world.He closed his eyes as he walked, remembering the way the soft light had framed her body like a golden goddess of myth; the sexy little smile on her face as she made her way toward him. Me. She wanted me. The thought hit him in a strange light. She wanted him; all of him. So, why should he hold back from her? If he was lucky enough to have someone who wanted every bit of him, why shouldn't he give her everything? The thought had him practically walking on air as he approached the door to his bedchamber. But as he raised his wand to open the portrait door a searing pain lashed his left arm and he sucked a breath in pain.Fuck! Severus flung open the door and ran straight into his bedroom, Summoning his Death Eater mask and cloak as he did. It was then he caught sight of Hermione, stretched across his bed, the translucent layers of her gown falling in seductive curves around her beautiful body. And on her face was an expression of alarm. It sent a shock of pain to his heart and opened a wound of gushing anger toward the dark lord for taking this from him."I have been Summoned," he told her, though it was apparent she had surmised as much. "I have to go. A Summons on Halloween cannot be a good sign. I am certain the dark lord does not wish to discuss strategy with us tonight. It would be better for you to wait in your dormitory and I will advise you of my return."But the stubborn girl shook her head and slipped off the bed to stand before him. "I will wait here," she told him, reaching up and cupping his face in her hands. More than anything, he wanted to kiss her slowly and show her the depth of his affection in his large, empty bed. But his duty was to Albus and the dark lord. That comes first, he reminded himself. "Be careful," she told him, reaching up on tiptoes to press her lips to his. He savored the feel of her a moment longer, then slipped through the door that led to the cave and headed off to meet the dark lord once again.









Chapter 37





Chapter Text
Death. Fear. Screaming and running. Glass breaking, fire spreading, darkness. And through it all the shrill, wicked laughter of the dark lord. At first, the party guests had believed it nothing more than a Halloween prank. They had laughed and told the Minister that he couldn't fool them. And all he could do was stand there in shock as his celebration became one massive explosion of carnage and illusion became true horror. The Death Eaters were no mere men in masks, this night. And soon even the party decorations were joining in the fight, reanimated by the cruel perversion of Lord Voldemort's mind. It was chaos.Flashes of green lit the hall like poison lightning, but Severus knew that was the least of it. All Hallows' Eve forever inspired creativity, and the Death Eaters did not channel that inspiration into costumes and ugly Jack-o'-lanterns. He had to tell himself that as he struck out with painless Killing Curses, knowing that no one would be permitted to leave this masquerade and thanking Merlin that it was not Hogwarts they had attacked. Soon, the house would burn, and only those who could fly would be able to flee. His murder was mercy, he told himself, shaking away treacherous thoughts of her. This is who I am, he thought. And now she will finally see.The dark lord had been planning this little surprise for weeks, coordinating spies and placing the Imperius Curse on strategic victims. Their own Anti-Disapparition wards had been secured long before the Death Eaters arrived and anyone foolish enough to attempt escape through the gardens around the mansion would find themselves writhing on the ground in excruciating pain. It was a bloodbath. The central target was the Minister of Magic, of course, but his Halloween celebration had been populated by the Ministry's V.I.P. The Wizarding world was going to have a lot on its hands come the morning.As the ballroom erupted with brutal warfare, several of his brothers slipped into the halls to seek any hiders like some terrible Halloween game. Severus followed, preferring the empty halls of the mansion to the slaughter in the Minister's ballroom. Here, it would be easier to excuse himself from murder.Through elaborate hallways and up twisting spiral stairs he ran, not stopping to check any of the rooms. If there were people hidden there, he did not want to find them. Fire licked out of open doors along the hallways and Severus could hear the groaning of old wood that would soon collapse. But a sudden panicked scream close at hand caught his ear and he followed it instinctively, his heart pounding terribly with sickening fear. Fear of what he might find.The screaming was coming from a large chamber at the end of one hall and Severus burst inside only to find one of his brothers cornering a young girl in her own bedroom. The child was not yet ten and had clearly been abed when the hulking man found her. Her embroidered and be-ruffled nightgown spoke of a doting mother and she clutched a battered stuffed bear to her chest like a shield. Severus's breath caught in his throat when he saw that the man was undoing his trousers. No! She is just a girl! The innocent did not deserve to suffer in that way.Before his rational mind could prevent him, Severus had Stunned the other Death Eater and the little girl screamed as he crashed to the floor. Then her fright-widened eyes met his through the mask. Cinnamon eyes, he realized. And for a long moment, neither of them moved. He could only stare down at the streams of tears across her cheeks as she stared up in horror at his Death Eater mask. For this small child, the terrors of All Hallow's Eve had just become inescapable reality.But there were voices down the hall and he could hear footsteps running toward them. There was naught he could do but spare the girl a worse fate at the hands of his brothers. And so he raised his wand, hating himself and wishing there was some other way. Fresh tears spilled down her cheeks, but she did not look away. And his wand came down, bestowing gentle mercy upon the little innocent. In a breath, she crumpled to the floor and he watched the light leave her eyes. Unseeing, unfeeling cinnamon eyes. No. He wanted to run to her, but held himself back. What have I done? His brothers were coming.Severus could hardly breathe as he reanimated the fallen brother and swept from the room. The house was full of screaming and his heart was ripping itself apart inside his chest. But what was done was done and he could not dwell on that now. He was a Death Eater. He needed to be a Death Eater. It was for the Greater Cause. Wasn't it?It was not until afterward, as the Dark Mark hung in the sky and the stink of death and fire permeated the air, as the Death Eaters flew off in columns of smoke to regroup at Malfoy Manor for a celebration, that Severus allowed himself to think about her. And the self-loathing fell over him like a shadow, its icy claws scratching at his soul, reminding him that he was not the man she wanted him to be.For a little while, he had even bought into her little fantasy. Foolishly, he had begun to believe that he could be better; as if, somehow, by magic, his sins could be washed away and his black heart could love as it had so very long ago. But he had been blind to believe that. Love had always been denied him, but he had closed the door on even the remote possibility of one day attaining it when he had joined forces with the dark lord. His soul was tattered from years of selfishness and hate. If she knew the atrocious crimes he had committed, she would turn her cheek as Lily had and banish him from her heart.He would never have her love. In the shadow of this new understanding, Severus could no longer deny that that had been what he desired. For so long he had deceived himself. It was easy to believe that a devil so black could want the girl for her body. It was logical that a man so lonely would crave the comfort of a woman who cared. But now he knew that his dark heart had wanted nothing less than the love that had been denied him for so long. He couldn't deceive himself anymore. The truth was, that was really all he had ever wanted.But he could not have it. If he allowed her to believe the best of him, she might one day learn to love him. But he could not lie to her. He would not deceive her as he had deceived himself. She deserved better than that. She deserved better than him. And he could not, would not, ask it of her, knowing the taint he would be on her soul. How could he allow the girl he loved so much to sacrifice anything more for filth like him?The wicked celebration stirring Malfoy Manor was too much for him to bear. This is where I belong, he thought. Where the congregation of black hearts sing victories of murder and malice. This is my place. He studied the chaos around him. Filth. I am no better. And one weary visage caught his eye. Another onlooker sat in tired resignation at the far end of the room, leaning against a wall and pinching the bridge of his nose: Lucius Malfoy.Severus went to him. "Headache?" he asked his oldest friend.The blond man nodded wearily. "Not enjoying the festivities, Severus?""It has been a long night," he answered vaguely. They shared a look and by some silent agreement left the room together. The quiet comfort of Lucius's study was more to their tastes and a dose of brandy would do them both a world of good. In heavy silence they sipped the pungent liquor, staring into the flames of a familiar hearth. Both understood the implications of their work tonight. The Minister of Magic was dead along with many high-ranking officials. It was a great victory for the dark lord. Yet neither of them was excited. Rather, an aching fatigue seemed to settle upon the cozy room, and still the men said nothing.They were three heavy doses of brandy into the night before Lucius cut through the haze of buzzing silence with a broken, unfeeling whisper. "Narcissa will be pleased…" he said, though both knew that was not true. Before Severus could form a response, however, Lucius set his glass upon a side-table and limped out of the room. Sighing in resignation, the Slytherin Head turned back to the fire and tipped another trickle of brandy down his throat.Hermione was in a state. She had been pacing for hours to no avail. Will he ever come back? she could not help but wonder. She was drained of tears by the time morning light began to slowly trickle through the vines that hid their little cave; his apparition point. He could be dead and I would have no way to know. But she did have a way to communicate with the missing man. Her breath caught in her throat as she sent a hurried 'Are you alright?' through the ring.Minutes passed and there was no answer. Not for the first time, she returned to his bedroom as if hoping that he might have found another way home this time. But he was not there. Surely he would not have gone straight to the headmaster without letting her know he was alright. Surely he would have felt her message against his skin and answered if he possibly could. He would have, she knew. He definitely would have. After all, their need for communication had been his idea to begin with. And he had been furious with her the one time she didn't answer.In her drowsy, anguished, sleep-deprived and stress-induced haze, Hermione decided to simply go to him. It made perfect sense, somehow, in her mind. She would find him. She would go to him the way she always did, whether he Summoned her or not. After all, he could be hurt and he might need help and she would find a way to give it to him. The strength of her resolve did not permit an ounce of fear and Hermione never considered the danger to herself as she turned on the spot and thought of Severus.He was being dragged down to the ground by an invisible weight as swirling darkness shuffled images of death and pain all around. Green lightning flashed and the thunder rolled over him like an avalanche. Blood seemed to seep down the sides of the sky and cackling laughter pervaded it all. Through the spinning, tumbling pandemonium, he caught a glimpse of white. And a little girl in a nightgown was tripping along the twisting ground, struggling to hold onto her bear as a hundred bloody hands reached toward her, staining her innocence with red. Severus tried to run to her, but his legs were swallowed up by the ground and she seemed ever farther away.Then she was beside him and Severus saw that she was Hermione. And she screamed at the sight of him. It was his mask. She was afraid of his mask. He tried to tell her that it was only him; that he wouldn't hurt her. But the mask wouldn't come off. This is who you are now. She was screaming and pulling away from him as he raised his wand. Mercy. It is only mercy. He tried to tell her, but she didn't understand. She couldn't understand.He was yanked away from her image by a heavy weight that jarred his senses and bit into his flesh. He was being attacked. But lashing out, his eyes flew open only to find that she was suddenly in his lap. "Bloody hell!" And he was awake. In Lucius's study. And she was here. "What are you doing here?" he heard himself ask."You're alright!" Hermione's arms wrapped around his neck and she sobbed into his robes as he came back to reality. How could she be here? His hands went to her waist as the sweet scent of her hair filled his nose. A surge of fear flashed through him when he remembered where he was. If anyone found her here…"Are you mad!?" he barked. "What could you have been thinking!? Do you know where I am?" He lurched out of his seat in a panic, flinging her to the floor.Someone could find them here.Then his heart clenched in a surge of guilt that seemed to pull him away from her. And suddenly it was painful to have her near."I was so worried!" she cried, and he saw that tears were pouring down her cheeks. Worried? About me? But she didn't know. Oh gods. She didn't know."You shouldn't have come!" he hissed, meeting her eyes. Her fright-widened cinnamon eyes.Severus's breath caught as a knife twisted in the cavity of his chest. "Go," he told her breathlessly. "Leave me!" he shouted in a panic. He couldn't bear the sight of her big innocent eyes. "GO!"She leapt to her feet, compelled to obey, turned on the spot, and was gone.For a long moment, Severus stared down at the place where Hermione had been. Then something inside of him seemed to collapse and he sank back into the chair, crushed with grief and broken by his own toxic guilt.He could still feel the warmth of her arms around him. Oh, how he had wanted her comfort. He needed it. But it was not his and it hurt to have that pressed upon him in his raw and broken state. She will never forgive me. She will never hold me like that again. Her fearful cinnamon eyes were no different than the eyes of the Minister's daughter. But that little girl was gone from this world now, because of him. He could not accept warmth while her body grew cold and he deserved to be as alone as she had been, with no one to hold her and keep her safe.But Hermione would see that soon. In the morning, everyone would know what they had done this night. Then, she would understand why he could not be with her. Then, she would be glad she hadn't held him. He was soiled and he could not allow his own wickedness to taint her innocence. What has rotten cannot live again, but what lives can begin to rot. I will not corrupt her with my guilt.And so, even as the daylight broke through the thick curtains and the fire calmed to dark embers in the hearth, Severus remained huddled in his chair, unable to move, unable to start a new day as he was plagued by memories of the last.









Chapter 38





Chapter Text
The panicked energy of the room was a mere blur around the edges of Severus's consciousness. Distantly, he watched the Order members argue angrily back and forth about what should be done. It was not yet seven a.m. and the world had gone to pieces in the night. But rather than take a deep breath and think rationally on the Headmaster's words, the angry witches and wizards had begun a shouting match, much of which was directed at Severus.It was nothing he hadn't heard a thousand times before. He was not to be trusted. He knew about this attack and failed to inform them. He was just another Death Eater and they'd be better off if someone went ahead and did him in already.But this time, Severus couldn't agree more.Finally their esteemed leader had had enough. "QUIET!" he shouted over the angry ruckus. There was a shocked silence in which each Order member individually had the same realization: this was the first time they'd actually heard Albus Dumbledore raise his voice. And perhaps the ancient wizard never fully showed the world what he was capable of. "This is an urgent matter and it requires immediate action," he continued. "Whatever squabbles the rest of you have, you may address at a later date. At present, we have but one concern. And that is the Ministry of Magic." Tension seemed to leave the room in a breath as they all recognized the truth of the old man's words. When he spoke again, his voice was low, calm, collected, but with no less authority. "Now, Kingsley, you will gather your most trusted aurors, as many as you can, and hold the Ministry for the present. I do not think that Tom will try anything daring this morning. But we must be prepared for an attempt to place one of his followers in the Minister's chair. There will be panic. It is likely that the Wizengamot will be hasty in their decision of whom to appoint in the hopes that they might regain control before another move can be made. But Tom will be prepared for this. He will have a plan."Arthur, you should report to the Ministry as usual. Remember that you do not have prior knowledge of these events. But the more eyes and ears we have inside of the Ministry the better our chances are of discovering Tom's plan. Emmeline, we may have use of your connections at the Daily Prophet. Use whatever influence you have to ensure that the inevitable articles in this morning's paper do credit to the true events without propaganda and alert me to any biased material you can beforehand. In times of crisis it is easy to place one's trust in authority. We will have our hands full repairing the damage that the Prophet is bound to do today."Elphias, Dedalus, see if your friends in the Wizengamot will listen to reason. It is essential that we postpone any decisions at present. Even an Acting Minister usually finds his way into the official position. Find out whom they are thinking to give that power and report to me. We must be sure that it is someone we can trust."As each assignment was given, the Order members hastened to obey, and soon the meeting was adjourned. Few members remained with the assignment to make themselves available should anything else be needed. And for now, there was nothing left but to wait. "If the rest of you wouldn't mind," Albus began again, "I need to speak with Severus."At the mention of his name, Severus broke out of his numb daze and met the Headmaster's chilly blue eyes. The door closed behind Molly Weasley and both men seemed to tense simultaneously. At length, the Headmaster spoke. "Severus," he murmured, and with a wave of his wand a Pensieve appeared before them. "I hope you don't mind."The words were a mere formality. They both knew exactly what was to be done. But Albus generally preferred to keep a shield of near clinical politeness, as if the use of an everyday phrase could turn the events of the previous evening into a hypothetical scenario. Severus loathed it.At least the twinkle was gone from the Headmaster's eyes today. He seemed as tired as a man his age should be, leaning slightly as he stared down at his trusted spy. "I will need some time to study it," he said as Severus withdrew his wand. "And while I do, you ought to sleep.""Don't be ridiculous, Albus. There will be time to sleep when some measure of peace is restored." Could Albus truly expect him to sleep at a time like this?"You have done much, Severus. It would best serve our cause to have you rested when the ill effects of the last several hours begin to manifest.""They've already…""Enough, Severus. You submit to my authority when my demands are unpleasant, but you must remember that I require obedience even when my orders seem trivial."Shocked and angered by the callousness of the old man's words, Severus gave no response but to withdraw the memory of the night before and let it fall into the swirling bowl."Thank you, Severus." Albus seemed almost contrite, but Severus knew the older wizard could rival his other master in the art of manipulation.With a nod to his superior, Severus swept from the room, suddenly feeling as tired as he should have been hours ago. His body ached and his mind pounded with a hollow throbbing pain where his memories of last night had been. The thoughts were still there. The use of a pensieve did not completely remove them, but only made them fade until they seemed a distant idea of something that may have happened to someone else. Severus dragged his weary body up the stairs and stopped at the first landing; the door to his little makeshift potions lab.He tried to tell himself that it was his reluctance to climb three more flights of stairs which urged him to open that door. But as he climbed into the bed, somehow he didn't feel so alone. And as he sank into a weary sleep, his hands grasped desperately at the soft sheets, and his nose pressed hungrily into the pillow so that each breath filled him with the scent of the girl he loved. And he could almost allow himself to believe that Hermione was there.The noisy chaos of a fading dream throbbed through her wakening mind as she registered the suffocating pressure of a pillow against her face. It was cold. A dull ache behind her eyes told her that she had been crying and one glance around reminded her why. She was alone. Still. And the room was now lit with filtered daylight rippling in a murky green haze around the walls. And Severus was not there.Hermione sat up in the bed. Had he come back and she just hadn't noticed? No. She would have woken, certainly. The duvet was crinkled beneath her, and her flimsy costume did little to ward off the seeping chill of October in the dungeons. But it made no matter. All she could think of was the way Severus had looked at her. The way he had pushed her away. The way he had ordered her to leave. And where had he been? She had not recognized their surroundings, but he had obviously been afraid to see her there. Could it have been Malfoy Manor? And how had she been able to Apparate directly to him like that? And when he had commanded her to leave, she had somehow found herself immediately inside his bedroom. But the Hogwarts wards should have prevented her Apparition.Hermione shook her head. There were too many questions and she had no way of answering a single one. But the most pressing concern was what she should do now. Perhaps she shouldn't wait around for him to return. There had been something more than panic in his eyes when he told her to leave. Maybe he didn't want to see her just now.She glanced at the clock. It was almost nine and he hadn't returned. By now the other students would be waking up, so she really couldn't risk taking the Floo to the Gryffindor Common Room. But she couldn't wear her costume back either, without drawing unwanted attention.Wearily, she slipped out of the bed, and padded over to Severus's wardrobe to see what she could find. It was still cracked open from last night when he had withdrawn his Death Eater robes and mask. The thought made her stomach clench anxiously. What happened last night? Maybe it had simply been a revel at Malfoy Manor. Maybe it was nothing more than a celebration. But something in her gut told her that that wasn't so.Creaking the wardrobe open, Hermione considered her options. The last time, Severus had transfigured an old shirt of his to be a pretty white dress. But she didn't want to alter any more of his clothing without permission. And yet, she didn't want to lose her costume either. Making a mental note-to-self to keep a change of clothes here for when situations like this arose, Hermione withdrew a set of old teaching robes and transfigured them into a simple, black dress. Surely he would be able to return them to their original state and there would be no harm done.The cold hard stone burns bruises into his knees as the Portrait sneers down at his trembling form. "I'm sorry!" Darkness all around. "I'm sorry!" But no one answers. "Please! Forgive me!" No one answers.
Mercy.
"It is mercy." Cinnamon eyes die as she crumples to the floor. Darkness. "It is only mercy.""Mercy!" he begs. They are going to kill Lily. "Please! Mercy!" I'm sorry. I am so sorry."Forgive me."A tattered bear gripped tight like a shield. Fire everywhere. It is mercy.She lifts his chin and gazes into his eyes. Cinnamon eyes. "I know," she tells him. And she smiles. She doesn't know."She will never forgive me."I'm sorry! I am so sorry! "I know."Darkness. Everywhere, darkness. He is sinking. He is being dragged down by a heavy weight. And all is dark.A light. A tiny light begins to grow. And it is her.She faintly glows. A ruffled white nightgown. Bare feet. And cinnamon eyes. She walks toward him and the light surrounds him, banishing shadow. Warmth. She reaches for him, but he backs away.And the darkness pushes back the light. She turns on the spot and is gone. And all is dark. And all is cold. And he is alone.Severus woke to the smell of her, but she was not there. The bed was cramped and cold and lonely and his head ached distantly. Someone was knocking on his door. And for one insane moment, his heart clenched tight in relieved excitement to think that it was her. But a second later sense returned.He pulled himself from the bed and went to let Albus in. "I don't want to disturb you, Severus. Indeed, I hope you sleep more once I've left. But I must return to Hogwarts and I wanted to leave this with you." Albus made to place the Pensieve on the dresser, but Severus shook his head."No," he murmured gruffly. "Take it with you. Albus…" he hesitated, unsure how to tell the other man. "I want Hermione to see. She needs to know."Something hardened in the older man's expression before he set the bowl upon the dresser and gestured for Severus to sit. "Severus, I am concerned," he began. "Your interference with that little girl could have been disastrous and I cannot help but think that your emotions were to blame. She is hardly the first innocent you have killed, but you have never shown such a reaction. I am concerned because it seems to me that Miss Granger may be having a powerful impact on you. And I worry that your relationship with the girl might jeopardize our mission."Severus didn't know what to say. "Don't be ridiculous, Albus," he began, stalling as he sought some better explanation. "I have given my life to the Cause. How could you think that I risk it in such a way?""You have indeed devoted a number of years to my service, Severus. But I am under no delusions about your reasons for converting to my Cause. You must forgive me, Severus, if I suggest that a man who joins a cause for one woman might leave it for another. You have loved Lily for most of your life, but can you honestly tell me that you have not developed similar feelings for Miss Granger?"Severus sputtered a moment. "I will not deny… that I have grown fond of the girl. But mere months ago I loathed the very sight of her. You cannot seriously believe that she could ever replace Lily."Albus raised an eyebrow in challenge. His eyes drifted around the little lab before settling back on Severus's face with a knowing look."No," Severus argued. "That is ludicrous, Albus. And even if it were so, I fail to see how that could be a threat to my loyalty. It's not as if she is a Death Eater!" For Merlin's sake! He had fallen in love with one of Albus's own precious Gryffindors, and the old man had the nerve to doubt his fealty because of it?"Severus, I have never doubted you. But I have always known what motivated your actions." Thanks, Albus. The old man might as well be calling him predictable. "Consider, old friend. If Harry and Hermione were both in danger and you could only save one of them from certain death, would you choose Lily's son, 'the one with the power to vanquish the dark lord'?" Those cold blue eyes studied Severus over his spectacles with an uncomfortable intensity. "Or would you choose the girl?"Hermione held her breath as she made her way through the dungeons, sighing in relief once she had passed the entrance to the Slytherin dormitories. She could do without the inevitable teasing this particular morning. But as she neared the Great Hall, there was another student headed her way. And as the distance between them shrank, Hermione caught Draco Malfoy's tired eye. He still wore his dress robes and carried a Halloween mask. There were dark smudges beneath his eyes which were red and agitated. For a moment, she thought he looked like he'd been crying. But she dismissed that idea as ridiculous and decided he just must not have slept much the night before.Amazingly, the Slytherin boy barely acknowledged her as they passed in the hall. She had expected some snarky comment from the snobby brat. And, not for the first time, she had the impression that there was more to Draco Malfoy than he let on. Perhaps he was not the predictable bully he had once been.Students were gathering in the Great Hall, but Hermione had no interest in breakfast just now. She was about to ascend the giant staircase and continue her journey to Gryffindor Tower when Professor McGonagall's voice suddenly stopped her. "Miss Granger," the elderly witch called out from the entrance to the Great Hall. Hermione turned to her professor, but could not quite meet her eyes. Had her Transfigurations teacher seen her coming from the dungeons? Did she suspect the new black dress and its scandalous origins? "I have been waiting for you. Come with me." McGonagall seized her student's elbow in a gentle grip and led her at a brisk pace toward the Headmaster's office. Immediately, a sense of terrible foreboding fell over Hermione.Harry, Ron and Ginny were already waiting for them in Professor Dumbledore's office and the Headmaster himself was pacing behind his desk. "Ah, Miss Granger," he said with a stiff cheeriness that put Hermione immediately on her guard. Her friends sat still with ashen complexions and expressions of shock upon their faces. Clearly, she had not been brought here to be given good news. "We were wondering when you'd make an appearance." There was a strange twinkle in the old man's eye that made Hermione uncomfortable."What is it, Headmaster?" She asked in a whisper. "Is there something wrong?"









Chapter 39





Chapter Text
Hermione simply stared agape up at the wizened man before her. Her mind was so abuzz with thoughts and emotions that it almost felt blank. Bit by bit the information that the Headmaster had just given her began to fall into place. And bit by bit she registered the implications. By the time Dumbledore dismissed the other students, asking to speak with her alone, Hermione was practically hyperventilating."Miss Granger," the Headmaster began in a tired voice, "I know that you are in no fit emotional state to deal with this at present, but there is something that I think you need to see." The old man produced an old, wooden bowl that Hermione quickly recognized as a Pensieve and she met his gaze with confusion. "I trust you know what a Pensieve is?" He waited for her to nod in confirmation. "Professor Snape," he continued, emphasizing Severus's formal title, "has given me his memories of last night. I want you to see them." Hermione's eyes grew wide and she opened her mouth to speak, not even truly knowing what she might say, but the Headmaster cut her off. "You may take this with you and wait until you are ready. But I want you to view them today. When you are ready, you need only lean over the Pensieve until you find yourself immersed. You will understand. And take extra care, Miss Granger. If these memories were to fall into another's hands…" He left the possibilities to Hermione's already tormented imagination and handed her the bowl."Thank you, Professor," she heard herself mumble numbly.There was a long pause and Hermione realized that the Headmaster was studying her. It made her unaccountably uncomfortable and she suddenly wished that her friends had not left her alone with him. "Miss Granger," he began again, "I feel the need to express concern about the… intimacy that has begun to develop between your professor and yourself."Hermione felt a flash of shock followed by anger at the old man's words. Their intimacy was something he had been willing to barter with for Lucius Malfoy's assistance, after all. "Sir?" was all she managed to say."Miss Granger…" he hesitated, "I did not foresee the necessity of giving you this information, but circumstances have changed. You must understand, it is quite likely that Professor Snape will not survive the coming war. He has known that and accepted it, but you are very young to be placed in the position of falling in love with a man who may very well die within the year."Hermione couldn't breathe. The thought of losing Severus, on top of the emotional trauma of the past several hours, was too much for her to bear."It is perfectly natural for you to develop feelings for him given the circumstances, but I must advise you to restrain those emotions. Severus cannot afford to be distracted now." The normally twinkling blue eyes of the headmaster bore into hers with cold accusation, and Hermione jerked backwards involuntarily. "We cannot win this war without him, Miss Granger. It is imperative that you understand that." He paused another moment, letting that thought sink in. He did not have to tell her what losing this war would mean. "That is why I have included a memory of my own. I hope that you will make use of the information I have presented to you and forgive an old man for his inability to spare your feelings in this matter."A thousand thoughts were fighting for attention in Hermione's mind, each one clambering over the other like a tumultuous sea of worry and anxiety and pain. And all she could do was nod.Severus stared down at the nauseating eggs as he scrambled them around on his plate. He had to make an appearance at breakfast this morning. It would not do to have the suspected Death Eater and Head of Slytherin house absent when the Prophet arrived to inform the school of the disastrous news. But he couldn't quite bring himself to look out at the crowd of cheery students, as yet unaware of the events of the previous night. And part of him dreaded the thought of making eye contact with her.Albus had touched on a painful truth this morning. It was terribly ironic that he would finally realize the extent of his affection for the girl the moment he was confronted with the harsh reality that he would never deserve her. And if he had had any doubts before Albus's little speech, they had been banished like the spoilt remnants of one of Longbottom's Potions disasters. As many times as he had tried to tell himself that he would always love Lily more, his answer had been immediate when the old man asked which of the two he would save; the boy with Lily's eyes or his bushy-haired friend. Hermione. And he wanted to curse Albus for making him aware of this, because the old fool had unwittingly brought about his own worst fears, and for once Severus was completely torn.For twenty years, every move Severus made had been for Lily. How many times had he put up with the Potter brat for her sake? How many times had he suffered at the hands of the dark lordfor her? And now the war was upon them and the end was near. The outcome was up in the air like a flipped Galleon and his steady purpose had just been ripped out from under his feet.And yet, that fact didn't change the way he wanted the coin to land. If anything, he had more reason to want to see the dark lord fall. If Voldemort came into power, Hermione and her kind would be in terrible danger. Her brilliant mind would be wasted. And she would likely be taken from him. I cannot allow that to happen! He might not deserve her, but he could protect her. And if he gave his life to the Cause, it would be worth it to keep her safe. It might even be better that way. With his death, she would be free again. After all, they could never truly be together. If she knew what I was… he thought. Whenshe knows what I am… she will hate me.There was a sudden flurry as the Morning Post arrived and Severus's fingers gripped tight around his fork. He listened intently to the cheerful chattering as the students opened their various packages and letters, and he found that he was holding his breath. Then he heard it: the beginnings of a wave of panic as confused gasps began to draw tension into the Great Hall. None of the students whose family members had been involved were present, as they were currently being consoled by the ever-empathetic Albus Dumbledore. Severus counted that as a blessing as the anxious murmuring grew to fearful uproar. Finally, he allowed his eyes to scan the hall, watching the cheer melt into panic, and he chanced a glimpse at the Gryffindor table.Hermione was not there. That startling realization was like a punch in his gut, but Severus berated himself for not foreseeing it. Of course Albus would have pulled his favorites aside to let them know beforehand. Even Miss Weasley was absent, which could not be excused except by the unspoken acknowledgement that Potter and his ginger side-kick included her in everything anyway. Suddenly, Albus stepped through the teachers' entrance behind the Head Table and moved forward to address the crowd.Hermione eyed the Pensieve, resting innocently atop her scarlet duvet. The curtains were drawn tight around her and wards thrown up as a precaution, but she did not yet dare look into that unassuming bowl. Does he really think I am a threat to Severus's survival? The Headmaster's words continued to replay through her mind. With everything that had happened, Hermione was drained of tears and her head ached. And on top of it all, her residual anxiety from previous experience with the Death Eaters made her dread entering into Severus's memories. There must be a reason that the Headmaster wishes me to see them. But what would Severus think? It had not occurred to her in Dumbledore's office to ask if the other wizard approved, but she couldn't exactly ask him right now. He was ignoring her messages and avoiding her entirely. So, she supposed that must mean that she would just have to do as the Headmaster commanded.Pulling her courage and what strength remained, Hermione leaned over the swirling bowl of the Pensieve. Through the rippling glimmer of the silvery substance, the image of a large house began to form and she leaned closer. Suddenly, she was flying. A stormy night sky surrounded her and several jets of black smoke shot toward the mansion. Hermione's heart leapt into her throat with sudden fear as she realized what she was about to see. Never having entered another's memory before, she had not known how vivid and personal the experience would be. Rather than watching from a distance like a Muggle picture show, she had actually been placed inside the memory itself. And she suddenly wished Severus were with her.Hermione let out a short scream as they crashed through a set of beautiful windows and landed gracefully in an extravagant ballroom. Screams were followed by laughter and Hermione was horrified to see that the party guests thought it was all a Halloween prank. Looking around she was hit with the realization that the people she was seeing were now dead, and she felt nauseous.As streams of red and green light began to flash through the crowd, laughter finally reverted to screams of terror once more. And as Hermione watched the Death Eater beside her send Killing Curses after two running witches with a practiced flick of his wrist, she finally recognized Severus. And she instinctively recoiled. Knowing that he had to play that part could not compare to actually watching him do it. But Hermione suddenly remembered that the Headmaster had commanded her to watch this. Perhaps he wanted her to see Severus in a different light. And so, she opened her eyes to her surroundings, remembering who this man really was. And she realized that his unfeeling flashes of green were nothing compared to the horrors surrounding them.Watching the screaming, helpless Ministry officials as the laughing Death Eaters tortured and dismembered them, Hermione began to hyperventilate and thought she might be sick. Her vision blurred with tears and she wanted to withdraw. She had seen enough. But then, Severus began to run and she was compelled to follow. They left the hall and she breathed a sigh of relief, silently thanking him for getting them out of there.The halls were on fire. There was smoke everywhere, and Hermione finally understood the futility of helping the people in the ballroom, even if he had been given that chance. No one would be able to escape this disaster. They were running through the halls and Severus did not stop to check any of the rooms. Was he looking for something in particular? But then there was screaming and he turned toward it. She could sense his fear.They came to the end of a hall and Severus burst through a door, standing in the entrance and blocking her view. When Hermione attempted to push past him, she went straight through. And she was suddenly able to take in the horrible scene. As her professor stood shocked, a little girl cried and screamed in the corner, clutching a bear to her chest. And there was another person in the room: a large Death Eater she could not identify with his mask on. And he was undoing the buttons of his trousers.For a moment, Hermione was confused. Had she missed something? Why would he be… But the instant comprehension fell over her with a horrified gasp, the wizard was blasted backwards and Hermione turned to see Severus's wand still pointed toward the other man. Through his mask, she could see his eyes, and they were filled with such anger and hatred that she took a step away from him. She turned to the little girl and saw her own fear magnified in those little eyes. She was so tiny. How could anyone even consider hurting her in that way?She turned back to Severus and was shocked to see his wand now trained on herself. Then she realized that she was merely standing between him and his target: the little girl. There was fear and hesitance in his eyes, and Hermione understood what he had to do. Her heart clenched horribly as she turned back to the tiny girl, sickened by the thought of what had to happen. Surely there was some way? But no, she realized. There was no escape for her. And Severus had to have known it too. Hermione glanced back at him. Sudden voices in the hall drew his attention and a hint of panic slipped into his eyes. She ached for him even as he raised his wand. And as the blast of green erupted from the tip, Hermione's heart stopped. When it passed through her chest, she felt nothing. But the world seemed to slow as she turned and watched the child crumple to the floor. And she knew the fear the girl had felt before she fell. And she saw herself in the innocent's unseeing eyes.She turned back to Severus and watched him recoil in horror. But the voices were close and she could hear men running. Glancing one last time at the fallen child, Hermione followed Severus out of the room and the vision began to dissolve.Before she had time to process what she had just witnessed, Hermione found herself standing beside Professor Dumbledore on a familiar staircase, outside a familiar room. She breathed deeply in an attempt to calm her warring emotions and brought her attention to the scene at hand. This was Dumbledore's memory, and there was something he wanted her to learn from it as well.The old man knocked on the door and as they waited she noticed the Pensieve under his arm. Was this from this morning? The door opened and there was Severus, looking so bedraggled and tired that Hermione had a sudden urge to wrap him in her arms."I don't want to disturb you, Severus," the Headmaster began. "Indeed, I hope you sleep more once I've left. But I must return to Hogwarts and I wanted to leave this with you." He moved to place the Pensieve on the dresser, where the Wolfsbane used to simmer."No," Severus told him, shaking his head. His voice was gruff with sleep and weariness and Hermione wanted to kiss him and tell him that it would all be alright. "Take it with you," the tired wizard told the older man. Albus…" he hesitated, and Hermione could see him warring with himself about something. "I want Hermione to see. She needs to know." The sound of her name on his lips made her heart clench. The fact that he had thought about her after all made something relax inside.But the Headmaster did not look pleased as he set the Pensieve on the dresser and gestured for his spy to take a seat. "Severus, I am concerned," he began. "Your interference with that little girl could have been disastrous and I cannot help but think that your emotions were to blame." Hermione was shocked. How dare he! Severus had killed the little girl, after all. And Dumbledore was practically calling him soft for keeping her from being raped! "She is hardly the first innocent you have killed, but you have never shown such a reaction." His words sent a chill down Hermione's spine. "I am concerned because it seems to me that Miss Granger may be having a powerful impact on you. And I worry that your relationship with the girl might jeopardize our mission.""Don't be ridiculous, Albus," Severus responded without hesitation. "I have given my life to the Cause. How could you think that I would risk it in such a way?""You have indeed devoted a number of years to my service, Severus. But I am under no delusions about your reasons for converting to my Cause. You must forgive me, Severus, if I suggest that a man who joins a cause for one woman might leave it for another. You have loved Lily for most of your life, but can you honestly tell me that you have not developed similar feelings for Miss Granger?" Hermione's heart constricted painfully and she realized she was holding her breath.Severus sputtered a moment. "I will not deny… that I have grown fond of the girl. But mere months ago I loathed the very sight of her." Ouch. "You cannot seriously believe that she could ever replace Lily." Something inside of Hermione seemed to break with his words. For a moment she wanted nothing more than to erase them from her mind and pretend it didn't confirm everything she had feared for so long. But she had known that was the case. Do why was it so agonizing to have it confirmed in Severus's own rich baritone?The other man did not respond."No," Severus continued. "That is ludicrous, Albus. And even if it were so, I fail to see how that could be a threat to my loyalty. It's not as if she is a Death Eater!" Hermione sobbed and suddenly realized that she was crying."Severus, I have never doubted you. But I have always known what motivated your actions. Consider, old friend. If Harry and Hermione were both in danger and you could only save one of them from certain death, would you choose Lily's son, 'the one with the power to vanquish the dark lord'? Or would you choose the girl?"Hermione didn't want to know. She didn't want to know! But the Headmaster had never told her how to remove herself from the Pensieve before the memory was ended. She spun around in a panic, tears streaming down her face, hoping against hope that she could somehow leave the scene before she heard his response. But as she reached for the doorknob, crying out when her hand went straight through it like a ghost, she couldn't drown out his answer with all the tears in the world."Of course it would be Potter!" he shouted, suddenly angry. "It is always Potter! My life is the Cause! My debt is to Lily! And that will never change. Never fear, Albus, I will die for her and her brat of a son, just as you've always expected me to do." Hermione sank to the floor, anguish giving way to breathtaking fear.The Headmaster's voice was soft. "I do not wish for you to die, Severus."That only seemed to make the other wizard angrier. "Save your sodding reassurances, Albus! I have always known the risks. Nothing has changed. So far, my worst crime in your eyes is that I kept that bloody oaf Nott from fucking a ten year old girl!""Severus…""Just take the bloody Pensieve and make Granger watch it. When she sees what I've done, maybe she'll finally see how ludicrous her infatuation is and she'll hate me like the rest of them. Isn't that what you want?"The Headmaster paused and made a show of being sad. "Very well, Severus, I will bring them to her."Then the two wizards grew farther away until she seemed to be looking down at the scene. Hermione fell back against her pillows, the Pensieve tilting dangerously atop her mattress. It was over. "Oh gods," she whispered to the curtains. And it occurred to her that the Headmaster did not think her a threat to Severus's survival. He thought her a threat to Severus's loyalty. He expected his spy to die either way. "Oh… gods." And suddenly everything that had happened and all the heartbreak those memories had caused paled in comparison to the thought that she could lose him. "I have to do something." And then, with sudden steely resolve, Hermione stopped crying and took a deep breath, pushing all of the heartache aside. "We have to win this war."









Chapter 40





Chapter Text
"It is as I feared," the Headmaster sighed as he paced his darkened office. "I warned them not to be hasty in their decision, but alas…""It could be worse," Severus assured him in a weary voice. "Thicknesse is merely Yaxley's puppet. It is easier to remove an Imperius than to persuade a Death Eater to switch sides.""To be sure," Albus replied impatiently. "But without your information we never would have known that to be the case. Removing the curse could place suspicion on your allegiance.""Everyone in the Inner Circle knows about Thicknesse. I am not the only one who would be suspect.""Ah, but you are the only one with known ties to our side. No, Severus. I cannot risk it." The old man stopped pacing to glance over at his spy. Something in his expression made Severus wary. "Get some rest," he said at length. "There is naught to be done at present but wait. I need my spy well rested, and forgive me, Severus, but you look like death."Severus merely glared at the elder wizard, but he rose from his seat before the desk, his joints protesting sorely, and turned to leave. "Send for me if you receive any more news," he told his superior. And as he turned to await Albus's acknowledgement, he did not miss the heavy concern in the old man's eyes.Not half an hour later, Severus sat stiff in an old wingback chair, staring into the golden depths of a glass of Ogden's Old. Much as his body wanted to follow Albus's advice and sleep, his mind would not allow rest just now. There was too much to consider and analyze. Namely: Hermione Granger.It made a sad sort of sense that he would find himself in this position after so many years. After all, Lily had been the only person in his life to demonstrate sincere affection for his neglected younger self. He had fallen in love with her because of her brilliance and compassion and beauty. But he had also loved her for teaching him about love. No one else had ever bothered.Until Hermione.Hermione Granger was everything that Lily was and more. Though not conventionally beautiful as Lily had been, the young brunette's dainty features glowed with life and warmth that melted him inside. And Severus could not deny that Hermione was the more intellectual of the two, though it would be difficult to compare their intelligence. As to compassion: anyone who doubted Hermione Granger's empathy for others needed only to ask the chit about House Elves.But there was something that set the insufferable seventh year apart from the ghost of his tragic past: she cared for him in return.
For now.
Severus drained the glass and poured another. By now Hermione had seen his memories. He was not sure how she would react. Either she would be blatantly angry with him—as Lily was, and with much less cause—or she would simply allow herself to grow more distant. Severus was not sure which would be worse.The worst part was he secretly hoped she would understand. And worse than that, he feared she would and he would have to do more to dissuade her. She could not be allowed to feel this way for him. After all, he would probably be dead soon. And she did not deserve to lose a lover at such an age. It's too late to change that, his traitorous mind reminded him. Severus groaned and drained the glass. He was pouring another measure of the honeyed fire when his wards alerted him to a knock on his office door. He hesitated. Could it be? He was afraid to get up and see.Hermione tried not to fidget as she waited for Severus to answer the door—that is, assuming he would deign to acknowledge her knocking. But, as she had told herself countless times during a seemingly never-ending motivational speech before heading down to the dungeons to confront him, she would not allow his childish behavior to discourage her. After all, now more than ever, they needed to focus on the war ahead. And personal feelings could not be permitted to get in the way of that.The door suddenly jerked open and Hermione's heart lurched painfully. He said nothing as he met her gaze with cold indifference—which she knew was feigned, but it hurt nonetheless. Even if he would always love Lily more, did he have to push her away entirely?"Hi," she eventually murmured. In the long moment that followed, she was afraid he might not respond."Good evening," he answered her at length with chilly formality. She pursed her lips in annoyance, which seemed to break through his unfeeling façade."May I come in?" She gave no further explanation, and he hesitated before stepping aside to allow her entrance.Ignoring the open door that led to Severus's private quarters, Hermione sat herself in the chair before his desk. Hey, if he was going to play the strictly business card, so could she. Though one glance from Severus told her that he knew her game, he said nothing as he took his seat behind the desk and waited for her to begin."We have a lot to discuss," she told him without hesitation. He seemed about to interrupt, but she held up a hand. "Right now, we only need to focus on the upcoming war. For instance, do you happen to know how I was able to Apparate right to you last night? I'm not sure where you were, but I imagine there were Anti-Apparition wards in place, am I right?"Severus seemed to relax imperceptibly. "Certainly. You found me in Lucius Malfoy's study, and you were lucky that I was alone," his voice reprimanded her. "But, as to how you managed that feat, I could not tell you. Clearly that is part of the Curse linking us together."Hermione considered this. "It seems to me that this 'Curse' has given me a lot of the liberties of a House Elf. I will look into that tomorrow." She looked up at him expectantly, wishing he would say something. When it became obvious that he was not planning to, she merely sighed. "We need to be on the same page, Professor." Her use of his title seemed to take him aback, and she briefly regretted it. "We have been neglecting that prophecy and I think it may be the key." The unintentional pun made a smile break her serious expression and she coughed over a giggle. But her professor showed no reaction to her silliness, which made her inexplicably sad."I agree," he told her at last. "We certainly need to analyze it further."Hermione nodded and brought out a wrinkled slip of parchment. Flattening it on his desk, she stood over it to read. "The dark lord now holds the key to his own demise. The one who has been taken will be released, but free no more. He who holds her chains shall have the key. Unlock victory and she shall be free." She looked back up at her professor and was startled to see him glaring angrily at the corner of the room. "Um…" she murmured instinctively, looking back down at the piece of parchment.Severus's head snapped back toward her and he began to speak as if nothing unusual had happened. "Alright, let's suppose that you are the key. The dark lord had you when the prophecy was made. You are certainly the one who was taken… no longer free… I hold your chains, so I have the key. You do technically belong to me, so that fits as well. And using you to win the war will, in effect, free you."Hermione blinked up at him. "Well… yes… that does make sense…" She was now unsure exactly what the question was."Unless it is saying that the dark lord held your chains. When the prophecy was made, he had you in his possession, and it was said in the present tense. Does that mean that he still has the key? Or does the key itself move from person to person with whoever holds your chains? Of course, it cannot mean that he will always have the key because then we would not be able to unlock victory, as it says we may."Hermione frowned. "I think you're thinking too much about it."That earned a snort from Severus. "That sounds rather odd coming from you, Hermione."At his use of her name, the room went silent and Hermione could feel herself blushing. The emotions she had been holding back began to resurface and for a moment, she wanted nothing more than to curl up in his lap and weep. But she could not allow herself to cry in front of him, however desperately she needed it. "I-I only mean… it's like Occam's razor. The least complicated solution is probably correct. Your second hypothesis has too many 'if's."Severus's lip quirked up in the tiniest semblance of amusement. "Alright, for the moment, let's assume that you are 'the key.' Is the term merely a metaphor, imagery, or is it more literal? Albus thinks it may refer to a Portkey, and we know that you are now a Conditional Portkey, but you were not such when the prophecy was made."Hermione nodded, considering. "But a prophecy concerns the future. The only reference to the presence was the mention of the dark lord 'holding' the key at the present moment. Could it not mean that he had the thing that would soon become the key?""Perhaps," Severus allowed, nodding. "So, if we are supposing that this is true, shall we suppose that your position as a Portkey will be what defeats the dark lord? And if so, how? Because we have already established that you are not able to transport other people; only objects."Hermione frowned. "What good is a Portkey that cannot transport people?" she wondered aloud. "And what object could I bring to the dark lord—something no one else could simply bring to him—which would be capable of destroying him?" they sat for a moment, simply thinking. "A vanishing cabinet?" she finally suggested.Severus considered that a moment. "The idea is not without merit. But it would open a portal that could only be traversed one at a time, and quite slowly. It would have to be brought somewhere inside Malfoy Manor, where no one would catch us in the act." He frowned. "It is a good thought, but a similar effect could be managed in other ways. I cannot imagine that that is 'the key.'"Feeling a bit disheartened, Hermione sat back in her chair. "Alright, well let's consider the other prophecy, as well." She pulled out another scrap of parchment and began to read. "The one with the power to vanquish the Dark Lord approaches. … Born to those who have thrice defied him, born as the seventh month dies … and the Dark Lord will mark him as his equal, but he will have power the Dark Lord knows not … and either must die at the hand of the other for neither can live while the other survives. … The one with the power to vanquish the Dark Lord will be born as the seventh month dies…"Severus nodded. "Albus has analyzed this prophecy for years. It mentions power three times. 'The power to vanquish the Dark Lord,' is said twice, and then 'power the Dark Lord knows not.' Albus believes these are the same. The power that will destroy him is a power that he does not understand. That is why Albus believes it is old magic; the power of love. After all, Lily's love is what saved her son, destroying the Dark Lord the first time."It hurt Hermione to hear Severus speak of Lily's love, but she said nothing. She was only being foolish. Instead she nodded her agreement. "I have been thinking the same thing. Based on several of my readings… it would be hard to explain." Severus merely quirked an eyebrow and Hermione sighed and reached into her bag, withdrawing the Mythology text. "Well," she began, sitting up in her seat and preparing for a long explanation, "one of the first hints at this particular theme was the mention of Love and Chaos at the beginning of the Universe. I know it is only Mythology, but you have to understand… I have been led to read these books by a strange series of events that I have reason to believe may have shaped the course of the war." She laughed. "I know it sounds crazy, but, after all, the prophecy was made about me after I was captured attempting to acquire one of these very texts." She hesitated, glancing up at Severus, as if for permission to continue."It sounds as if this is going to be a long speech," he growled impatiently. But a glimmer of something akin to amusement danced in the light of his eyes. "Perhaps we should relocate to my more comfortable sitting room?"Hermione's pulse leapt at the prospect of being invited into his private quarters. She swallowed in an attempt to relieve her suddenly dry throat and nodded her agreement as she packed her books and parchment back into her bag.Severus silently berated himself for inviting her into his rooms, but it had seemed a good idea at the time. After all, he was likely to be sitting for quite a while, listening to Hermione ramble on about her research, and he might as well be sitting comfortably and sipping on his whiskey while he did.Hermione took a seat on the couch beside his wingback chair and began emptying her bag of its contents. He did not miss her notice of his half-empty glass as he reached for it across the table. "You don't mind, do you?" he asked her, gesturing to the drink. She shook her head and he hid a smirk behind the rim of the glass. She didn't honestly think he was going to allow himself to become drunk around her, did she? He sipped at his glass as she began to explain.Eventually, Severus offered Hermione a glass of the soothing liquor, and she hesitantly accepted. He wasn't sure why he did it, except that he didn't like the feeling of drinking while she remained sober. But as the tonic relaxed them into comfortable conversation, Severus began to doubt the wisdom of giving the girl alcohol.Two hours and a bottle of Ogden's later, they had finally exhausted their opinions about her research and sat in silence, sipping quietly at their glasses. It was an unspoken concern that the curfew was long since ended, and that had never been such an issue before. But it was also silently accepted that Hermione would certainly not be sleeping here tonight. And yet, neither of them made a move to end their pleasant evening and soon the silence became heavy."Dumbledore showed me your memories," she admitted at last. Severus's hand tightened around his glass, but he showed no reaction to her statement. The alcohol may have made her forget for a time, but it was better that she remembered that now. Or so he told himself. He would be hesitant to admit how excited he had been when he realized that she was not angry with him, and it had been wonderful to allow the illusion that nothing had changed to seep into the atmosphere around them. But now, they had to face the present, and it was not nearly as pleasant."Good," was all he said.She took a fortifying breath. "I don't know how you do it."He only scowled. "I am a killer, Hermione," he told her, "that was merely routine."From the corner of his eye, he could see that she was watching him, but he dared not meet her gaze. "You can only numb yourself to it so much, Severus," she whispered. Her use of his name sent a shock of emotions through him, making him sad and angry and ecstatic all at once. How dare she!"You know nothing," he told her brusquely, but she was not deterred."I saw everything," she argued, emotion tingeing her weak voice. "I saw the regret in your eyes. And I know you had no choice. But it could have been much worse, if you hadn't intervened."As much as Severus wanted to buy into her persuasion and believe that what she said was true, he couldn't allow her to think him some sort of hero. He would never live up to that pedestal. "Granger, do you have any idea what it takes to murder someone? It is more than just the movement of a wand and a muttered incantation…""I know!" she shouted, more vehemently than he could have expected, especially considering the former weakness of her voice. "It is Intent! You taught me that. You have to mean it, I know. Especially with the Unforgivables. I know. But you can't fool me, Severus…""Open your eyes, Granger! I am a tainted soul! You cannot understand that because you are still so innocent, but I am not. I am so full of hate that I can no longer love. I am irrevocably damaged by my own evil past."To his horror, the girl stood and began to walk toward him. "You only think that. But it is your choice." She stumbled slightly as she slipped around the coffee table and Severus wanted to scream at her not to be naïve. Didn't she know how vulnerable a target she made herself? Didn't she realize how easy it would be to take advantage of her weakened state? Why the bloody hell did she trust him so much!? "Don't you see?" she was saying. "It's just like the Philosopher's Stone. Nigredo comes before Albedo. Corruption can be cleansed. You don't have to let your past drag you down forever. You can move beyond it." She closed the distance between them and straddled his lap. Severus didn't know how to react. But as her soft lips came into contact with his own, his body took over. Even as the sweet, vulnerable tenderness blossomed inside of him, an anger he could not justify overtook it. She didn't understand. He couldn't just be saved like that. Real life wasn't as easy as that. And he could not allow himself to buy into the irrational hope that she offered. All at once, he just wanted to show her that she was wrong. So, with Firewhiskey and anger pounding through his veins, Severus Snape pushed the girl off of his lap, following her out of his chair and shoving her onto the couch where he proceeded to cover her body with his own.You deserve this, a voice seemed to whisper in the back of his mind. After all, this was exactly what he would have had if things hadn't gone sour the night before. And this was what the girl wanted, anyway, if her moans of approval were any indication. He bit her lip as he ground his pelvis against her, but she only whimpered with pleasure. Frustrated and furious, Severus roughly stripped her of her clothes, ripping where he could and being careful to hurt her in the process. She should know that he was not a good man. But as he released his throbbing erection from the confines of his heavily buttoned trousers, she met his eyes with her own soft, cinnamon orbs, and Severus wilted with a pang of guilt and self-loathing. The reaction was so abrupt that he could not suppress a startled sob as he yanked away from her and made his way to the small kitchenette at the other end of the room.As he leaned against the counter, two soft hands gripped his upper arms and he felt the warmth of her cheek against his back. "Are you alright?" she asked him in a soft, sweet voice that made him want to cry. He did not respond, so she took his hand and led him slowly toward the bedroom. He did not protest as she pulled him onto the bed and laid him out on his back. He did not stop her from stripping him gently until he was completely bared to her. And he said nothing as he watched her tender eyes roaming lovingly over his pale flesh. Then she met his eyes again, and he did not look away. Somehow, the anger had gone, leaving an empty ache in his chest that longed to be filled with something. He knew what it desired, but could not allow himself to acquiesce. He had never been very good at making himself vulnerable.Hermione slowly climbed on top of him and leaned over to kiss him on the mouth, keeping her eyes trained on his as she did so. But as their lips touched, her lashes fluttered closed and Severus reveled in the sensation of her soft mouth on his as she poured her sentiments into the embrace. Of their own accord, his hands came around to tangle in her hair, holding her to him with quiet desperation. And she lowered her body to his until they were melted together. Somehow, with her in control, he did not feel so guilty allowing this moment of bliss.When Hermione began to move against him, Severus shuddered with need. His erection throbbed in time with his heart as she slowly positioned herself over him and allowed him to slip inside. "Oh gods," she murmured, and Severus could stand it no longer. Rolling them over, he pressed his face into her hair, kissing her temple as his hand came up to cup her breast. He moaned into her ear and kissed the soft flesh beneath it as he made slow love to her.Her hands wrapped around his neck, tangling in his hair and scratching gentle circles in his shoulder as she pulled her knees up and linked ankles behind his back. His mouth met hers, wet and yielding, tasting, touching, exploring and expressing what he could not tell her in words. And she conveyed his message back with a passionate ardor that rivaled the fire in his groin. "Please," she whimpered into his mouth and the last of Severus's restraint dissolved as he thrust ardently against her. For a moment, he let the world fall away, and it was just the two of them. But he realized that he was going to finish soon and he didn't want to leave her unsatisfied, so he suddenly slowed and rocked gently against her, reaching a hand down to where their bodies met. And as he teased her there, she began to writhe beneath him, whimpering in agony and ecstasy as he brought her to climax. He knew when she was about to come because her back arched and her breathing hitched and she clawed at his shoulders. "Oh, yes," she begged the air desperately as she approached the precipice. "Oh, Severus," she whimpered with abandon and he met her mouth as she came, shaking violently beneath him and whimpering painfully into his mouth. He felt so close to her; so full and triumphant as he rocked against her for a few more frantic moments before bursting apart deep inside. And as they came down, he continued to rock, as if he could keep them there forever. He never wanted to let her go.There were tears pressed between their cheeks and she gave a soft sob before he realized that some of those tears belonged to him as well. His reflex at this realization was to hide his face in her hair, but she only wrapped her arms tighter around him and kissed his ear. "Shhh," she told him and he heard himself sob as the emotional toll of the past 24 hours slowly released from his body like the seed of his loins. It was strange and somehow beautiful to feel free enough with someone to cry where they could see. "Don't ever let me go," she whispered in a tiny, shaking voice. Somehow, the fact that she was weeping too made him feel less vulnerable.And he remembered his dream from the other night, and the way the darkness had consumed him when he pushed her away. He clung tighter to her small, fragile body, and silently promised to do as she said. I love you, he wanted to whisper. But he knew that would be rash. And after all, she couldn't know.Not now.
Never.










Chapter 41





Chapter Text
Hermione chewed on her bottom lip as she stared at the classroom door, waiting for it to bang open and admit a certain dark professor. It had been a little while since they had had an Occlumency lesson, and she was reasonably concerned. Even though she had come to terms with the fact that Severus Snape would probably always love Lily Potter (and would, therefore, never be free to love Hermione), she didn't want him to know how much that sad truth pained her. Halloween had been a horrible disaster, but it had taught her that it didn't really matter if her feelings were reciprocated. She loved the man whether he liked it or not and she would be whatever he needed her to be, regardless of her secret desire to have him return the sentiment.Almost a week had passed since she had taken him into his bed, but she had only known about this lesson for three days. In that time, she had been reading and practicing with an unprecedented fervor. When he called on her, she had a false memory ready to distract him and a game plan to convince him that was the true secret. But the biggest challenge would be hiding the twisted knife of emotional torment from his prying eyes. Fortunately, the billowing warmth of her affection for him was strong enough to conceal that secret agony. Although, she didn't exactly want him to see that, either."Alright there, 'Mione?" Ron's voice startled her out of her reverie."Yeah, fine," she told him absentmindedly. Anxiety was twisting her stomach into knots and she just didn't have the patience for excuses at the moment."Come off it, Ron," she heard Ginny murmur quietly to her brother. "You know what's probably bothering her."Hermione's curiosity was piqued by that remark, but she didn't have the energy to confront the other girl."What? Halloween?" Ron whispered back too loudly. His sister shushed him, but Hermione pretended not to notice. "Can't be. That was more than a week ago."A tense silence befell the little group and Harry fidgeted uncomfortably in Hermione's peripheral. After a long moment, the door swung open and the four friends took a collective breath as if to brace themselves, then relaxed simultaneously when it was only Malfoy. The arrogant brat eyed them disdainfully as he crossed the room, but no one said a word.Another long moment passed before Ron suddenly gasped and leaned in closer to Harry, cupping his hand to his mouth as if to tell a secret. "You don't think Snape was there, do you?"Hermione had the urge to smack the daft boy over the head with something, but refrained from doing so, settling for a patronizing glare in his direction. Apparently, however, Ginny Weasley had had the same inclination and did not bother to restrain her reaction."Ow!" Ron yelped, turning to his sister. "What? I was just thinking!""Apparently," began a deep timbre that caused them all to jump and turn back to the door, "that feat surpasses your meager capabilities, Mr. Weasley."Hermione's mouth went dry and her heart began to beat wildly as she stared up at the dark wizard hovering over their little group. His gaze was still directed at Ron with a patronizing sneer to match, and Hermione suddenly had the impression that he was trying not to look at her. Draco snickered wickedly as Harry and Ginny suppressed Ron's angry reaction. Then the moment was past and their professor moved further into the room. For the barest of instants, his gaze slid to Hermione and their eyes connected. But before she could even register the expression in those dark depths he had turned away. Her brow furrowed and she turned her eyes to her desk in contemplation. Was that wariness she had seen? It shouldn't have hurt as much as it did, but Hermione couldn't help the feeling that something had come between them."Potter," Snape snapped, "perhaps you would like to go first." It was not a request and Harry bristled as he stood to face the older wizard. "Ready?" Snape asked him. Harry opened his mouth to speak, but never got the chance. "Legilimens!"Hermione was startled to hear herself laugh at their professor's cruel treatment. Perhaps she really was losing her mind.For a long moment Severus and Harry were frozen in place, staring into each other's eyes. It struck her as funny. If anyone were to walk in, not knowing what was going on, they would find it rather absurd. She began to giggle again and it occurred to her that perhaps this was nervous laughter.Suddenly, Harry stumbled backwards and Severus straightened his posture as the younger wizard glared up at him. "Have you no pride, Potter? Have you no secrets from the world? Your most private thoughts jump so readily to the forefront of your mind. One begins to think you want me to see them.""What!?" Harry shouted back, incredulous. "That's ridiculous! Just because I'm not ashamed of my memories!"Hermione gasped as Severus swept down upon the boy and grasped him roughly by the front of his robes. "You insolent, arrogant…""You've only just said I had no pride!" Harry cut in. "And now I'm arrogant?"Severus's grip tightened menacingly and he looked ready to erupt with fury. Hermione was so tense watching that she had scooted to the very edge of her seat and was leaning forward as if to pull one of them back. Then the dark wizard's shoulders tensed as if for attack and Hermione couldn't hold back a whimpered "Don't!"It was as if a shadow had vanished under a sudden light. The fluster was gone from their professor as he dropped the boy and stalked several paces away, wearily pinching the bridge of his nose. He looked far more fatigued than he had only moments before, as if a glamour had been lifted. "Take a seat, Potter," he spat, not so much as glancing to see if the boy obeyed. "Granger," he growled, "you're up."Hermione flinched to obey, her face draining of color as she approached the front of the room. These lessons had become fairly regular and routine by now, and she had noticed a pattern with the order in which their professor called them for their turns. After they had gotten into the rhythm of the lessons, he had begun to call on them in order from the one he dreaded most to the one he dreaded least. Harry was usually first, therefore, and it did not bode well that he had called on her second this time. What is he afraid he might see? Sudden doubt crept into Hermione's mind. Perhaps her plan was not a wise one. He was clearly feeling touchy today, and the memory she had concocted was not designed to please him.But it was too late now. The temporary damage it might do to his attitude was worth protecting him from the terrible truth hiding beneath her ruse. He cannot know.And so she stepped forward, turning toward the man around whom her life now seemed to revolve, lifting her chin in brave resolve, and watching in horror as he turned his wand on her. The image brought to mind the carefully suppressed memory of standing between him and a little girl in a nightgown. Unbidden emotion flashed through her body as her heart began to hammer painfully in her chest and her throat constricted with fear. No. No! He cannot see that either!"Legilimens!"Severus knew before entering Hermione's mind that she was dreading it as much as he was. Nevertheless, he pressed onward, immersing himself in her thoughts.It was a whirlwind of conflicting emotions that he could not sort out. But one thing was clear: her Occlumency shields were cracked and crumbling before an onslaught of unstoppable thoughts, like a broken dam yielding to a stormy river. One image surfaced above the others and he could feel her panic. There he was, standing before her by a doorway that looked startlingly familiar. His wand came up, pointing directly at her chest and he knew what the memory was. 'Avada Kedavra!'he heard himself shout and inwardly he winced at the sound of the curse on his tongue. A wave of pure fear washed over him as the green jet shot straight through her heart. The memory began to fade, but Severus could not bring himself to slip out of her mind. A vile self-loathing and anger had befallen him and he could not stand the thought of gazing into her cinnamon eyes.Another memory surfaced as he contemplated the scene he had just witnessed, wondering what else she hadn't told him about that night. His attention was caught, however, when he realized where they were. It was a Gryffindor bed, by the looks of it, red curtains closing off three of the four sides. Hermione sat in the middle with a Muggle notebook, scribbling away as she scanned the page of a large textbook on her lap. The sudden appearance of Weasley caught him off guard, but before he had a chance to realize that male students were not able to climb the stairs to the girls' dorms, Weasley was climbing into her bed and all rational thought was lost to a blaze of jealous fury."Hey 'Mione," the orange fool murmured in what was surely supposed to be a suggestive tone. Severus ignited with anger. Then the boy was closing the open curtain, shutting the two of them alone together in her bed. When Severus realized that the boy was drunk, a sudden flash of another emotion shocked his system, and it took him a moment to realize that it was fear. Had he hurt her? "I was thinkin'…' the boy began again, shoving her books onto the floor.'Ron!' the girl shrieked angrily. 'What are you doing!?' Severus could feel Hermione attempting to pull away and keep him from seeing the rest of the memory. It was, admittedly, a good effort on her part. But he was stronger.Weasley put his hand on Hermione's knee. 'I jus' thought… y' know… we might not live for that much longer with th' war an' all. An' I thought… well… you don't want Snape t' be the only man you ever sleep with, do you?" If this weren't a memory, Severus would have hexed the boy right then and there. Hermione redoubled her efforts to sway his attention, impressively trying to alter the story as it played. But Severus knew this trick, and he knew how to focus back on the most concrete thread of thought.'Ron! Don't be stupid!' Hermione shouted, but it was no use. The drunken adolescent lurched forward, tackling her to the pillows. His body pressed against the length of hers, pushing her legs to either side as one hand found her breast. And Severus couldn't take it anymore.Withdrawing from her mind, his eyes locked onto the gangly boy; and before he knew what he was doing, his hands were clasped tightly around Weasley's neck as he pinned the idiot to his chair. "You conniving, backhanded, impertinent fool!" he hissed.Somewhere in the back of his mind, he heard Hermione shouting. "No! Stop! Please!" But every ounce of his energy was focused on his anger at the Weasley boy, and he had none to spare for her."Did you think I would never know?!""Please Severus!""I? An accomplished Legilimens who has spent a lifetime uncovering secrets?""Let him go! You're hurting him!""She sleeps in my bed, Weasley! How could you possibly think I would not find out?""Severus, it's not what you think!""She belongs to me! Don't you understand what that means!? I own her. She has no secrets from me!""It's a fake, Severus! I made it up!""If you think for one minute that you can deceive me…""I made it up, Severus!"Finally her words and her fingers clawing at his arm broke through his consciousness and gave him pause.Hermione quickly took advantage of his hesitation. "Please. It was supposed to be a distraction. I made it up to cover the other memory. The one that you saw first."His chest seemed to cave in on itself with a pang as comprehension began to dawn. A sinking, aching, throbbing remorse constricted his heart and he suddenly found it difficult to breath. "What?" he breathed, the single word surfacing from a well of livid disbelief."It never happened," she whispered, and there were tears in her voice. "None of it. I didn't think… I didn't know…" She seemed unable to finish the thought.Slowly, Severus's head turned from Weasley to the sobbing girl beside him. Tears swept down Hermione's face and there was fear in her cinnamon eyes. Another pang of disgust and self-loathing rippled through him like an icy lake in a hail storm. Dropping his hands from the Weasley boy, he withdrew from them, stepping away as he studied the scene before him in horror. He remembered the fear she had felt as the Killing Curse erupted from his wand, and in that moment he saw in himself the vile monster that he truly was.He couldn't take it. Suddenly, he needed to get away from her; from them. With one last glare he swept from the room, not risking a moment to turn around as he made a hasty retreat to his dungeon dwelling."Bloody hell!" Ron shouted, rubbing his neck. "What the hell!?"Hermione was halfway to the door, ready to chase after Severus, before Harry caught her shoulder and swung her around. "What are you doing?" he hissed angrily. "Are you seriously going to follow him after what he just did?""Harry," she begged softly, "please. Let me speak with him. This is my fault.""Your fault?!" Harry shouted. She was surprised by his vehemence. "Hermione, I don't care what you made him believe. He just attacked Ron! He could have killed him! And didn't you hear what he said about you?""Yes, Harry. I know. Please. I need to go with him. He shouldn't be alone right now." Tears still tickled her cheeks."So you're just going to ditch us?" Ron cut in.That brought her up short. "No… Ron…" She had no answer. "I'm not ditching you… it's just…" But she sort of was ditching him… in order to comfort the man who had just attacked him… which had been her fault in the first place."Merlin," Harry murmured, staring off into space. "I've never seen Snape so angry."Ron turned to his best friend. "You think so? I thought I was going to die!""Don't be absurd," Hermione told them. "You know he'd never really hurt you.""Tell that to my neck!" Ron retorted. "What did you tell him Hermione?""I…" Hermione blushed hotly and turned her eyes away from them.Ron grabbed her arm, turning her toward him. "Come on! You owe me that much!""I'm sorry, Ron. I really am. I just needed something that I knew would distract him. I never imagined it would have this strong of an effect…""Get on with it," Ron growled."Alright. Alright. I'm so sorry Ron. I—I told him… that is… the memory I showed him… well I made it up and… well it had to do with you… and… that is… I made him think… that you had… come onto me.""Is that it?!" Ron shrieked."Well, alright. You came on rather strong...""What, did we have sex or something?" Suddenly Ron's eyes unfocused and his anger died away as he seemed to marvel at the idea of her creating such a scene in her mind."Not exactly.""Granger," a sudden voice startled the trio. They had completely forgotten that Malfoy was even there. "Loathe as I am to agree with the likes of these two, I don't think you ought to chase him down." His expression seemed almost sympathetic, but then she remembered he was Malfoy. "You're probably the last person he wants to see right now."Hermione knew from the painful wrench of her heart that he was right. He needed to cool off and think things over before he spoke to her. Perhaps she would wait until tonight. And then… she would go to him.Severus stared blankly down at the essay on his desk, rubbing the heels of his palms into his aching temples. It would be easy to Summon a Headache Potion, but part of him felt that he didn't deserve the reprieve. Hours of self-hatred and busying himself with grading had tempered the fire of his anger. Now all that remained was a dull aching chasm of regret, and dread for the inevitable meeting to come.He had not gone to the Great Hall for supper, and that hour was long past when finally a knock at his door cracked the delicate quiescence of his emotions. Immediately, his heart began to pound painfully and a lump formed in his throat. Hours of considering excuses had left him with nothing to say to her when she came. "Come in," he called out, not lifting his eyes from the parchment before him. The door opened and closed, but she said not a word. And when he looked up, it was not the girl he had expected."Severus." The elegant blonde lifted a corner of her mouth in some secret amusement and Severus scowled uncertainly."Narcissa." He belatedly offered her the chair before his desk with a gesture of his hand. "What are you doing here?" he asked her, foregoing the subtlety of politeness and formality. If Narcissa Malfoy was at his door at this hour, it was not good news."I see I've caught you at your wits end, Severus," she teased. It was apparent that she was enjoying herself very much, and he didn't like the triumphant gleam in those crystal blue eyes."It has been a trying day.""No doubt." There was a long moment in which they both considered one another. "I must say," she finally continued, "I would expect a man spying for two opposing masterminds to hide his secrets rather better than you have."Severus's face became a mask. She knows something."As it happens," she began again, her eyes glinting with victory and malice, "you have not." She smirked openly at him like a chess opponent about to declare checkmate. "And with very little effort, I have discovered yours."









Chapter 42





Chapter Text
"If you don't leave now, it'll be too late," Ginny whispered over the gentle crackle of the fire."I know, I know," Hermione groaned. It was already past curfew and into the time of night when only prefects were allowed to roam the halls. This gave Hermione the perfect opportunity to go to him… if only she could work up the nerve."Don't worry so much, 'Mione." The younger witch rubbed soothing circles into her friend's shoulder in an effort to comfort her."Ginny, he very well could have killed Ron, he was so angry. How the bloody hell am I going to convince him to forgive me?""He cares about you, 'Mione. Even Harry can't deny that's the truth. It's just that obvious.""Ron doesn't think so.""Ron's a twit. You can't honestly be taking him seriously."Hermione groaned. "No, I guess not. But that doesn't make this any easier.""Nope. You're right. It doesn't. I won't lie to you, 'Mione, you've gotten yourself into a right pickle, and it's not going to be easy to fix." She paused, letting her harsh words sink in. When she spoke again, her voice was soft and reassuring. "But you still have to do it. He deserves an apology."Hermione was shamed by the other girl's words. He does deserve an apology. "You're right, Ginny. I just have to be brave and get on with it." And so, with reluctance, Hermione rose from the comfortable warmth of the Gryffindor hearth and soon found herself shivering in the dark corridors of the castle, making her way slowly down to the Slytherin dungeons.Winter was encroaching upon the castle and the dungeons were mercilessly cold this time of year. Hermione idly wondered if the Slytherin dormitories were colder than those in Gryffindor, and she felt a moment's pity for them. She had almost reached her professor's office when the sound of a door wrenching open sent her instinctively into a darkened alcove. The murmur of voices reached her ears, but she could not make out any words. And then… was that…? Yes. That smooth baritone was unmistakable. Severus.Curious, Hermione slipped quietly around a marble pillar for a peek, and just barely caught sight of the Defense Instructor's robe as the door to his office slammed shut and the blonde beauty before him smiled sensuously and turned away. Narcissa Malfoy?! But what could Narcissa Malfoy be doing here? And at this hour?Hermione's heart was beating wildly as she pressed back against the wall and watched the Malfoy Matriarch depart. Surely Severus was not so spiteful as to seek out revenge? Don't be ridiculous, Hermione. I'm sure there is a logical explanation. But this rationale did not calm her already frayed nerves and Hermione paced the length of the alcove a solid ten minutes before working up the courage to approach his door. When she had, and the hollow sound of her knocking rang through the empty halls, all thoughts of Narcissa Malfoy flew from her mind. What had transpired earlier that day was inexcusable. And she was here to offer excuses.Not excuses, Hermione. You only need to apologize. Whether he forgives you or not is irrelevant. He deserves an apology. She bit her lip as she waited an eternity for him to answer. And gods did she want him to forgive her anyway.Finally the door flew open and there was her angry professor in the doorway. "Ten points from Gryffindor for being out past curfew," he spat. Hermione's jaw fell open. But before she could respond to this unprecedented animosity, he was ushering her inside. "So," he began in an acid voice when she had seated herself in front of his desk, "I suppose you are here to discuss my behavior this afternoon."Hermione was taken aback. "Not at all. I wanted to apologize for my foolishness in choosing such an inflammatory scenario to distract you."Severus's eyes narrowed. Immediately he seemed to change tactics. "How could you have possibly expected me to react calmly to that? Surely your little tryst with Black is not so easily forgotten."He had a point. She wasn't even bothered by the seeming insinuation that she had been complacent in that incident, because she was so shamed by the obviousness of her error. He had been ready to kill Sirius. She should have expected something similar with Ron. "You are right," she told him. "I really wasn't thinking. I suppose I never fully considered the effect my fake memory would have because I never seriously believed that it would be good enough to trick you."Severus scowled at that. "You wanted to provoke me in order to prove my jealousy over you.""No! I just knew that I would need something big to distract you from the true secret I wanted to hide. I knew that if you saw my fear in that moment from your memories where I stood between you and that little girl, you would never understand that I was merely taken aback and that I really do trust that you would never do anything to harm me."He only stared at her for a long moment, and when he spoke, his voice was low and dangerous. "Do you take me for a fool, Miss Granger?"His formal address made her grind her teeth, but his words had her second guessing herself. "Of course not," she managed in a weak voice, breathy like a whisper. Her heart seemed to sink in her chest and lurch painfully into a quick rhythm that left her breathless. What does he mean?"It would have been pointless to show me a falsified memory after I had discovered the true one. No. You showed me your carefully constructed lie in order to conceal from me something much more important. The truth now, Miss Granger, or you will regret it."Hermione could only stare, dumbstruck, as blood pounded in her ears. She should have known not to lie to a Legilimens. "I…" she began, but she could not force herself to say the words. How could she tell him the truth? That more disturbing than his own traumatic memories of Halloween had been Dumbledore's inclusion of his words the very next day. How could she admit such a secret at such a time? He could not know how she had reacted to his admission that he would never love her as he loved Lily. The truth would only complicate the matter further, and Hermione couldn't allow that to happen. His recent emotional distress had been through the roof, and mollifying that tumult within him was her top priority. "Forgive me, professor," she heard herself saying, "I just… I had been practicing for several days and I didn't want to miss my opportunity to use it. I guess I… I wanted to know if it was good. I wanted to hear your feedback." It was a clever lie, she admitted to herself. He constantly teased her for seeking his approval and prizing grades and praise above everything else.But he only stared at her, and Hermione knew better than to hold his gaze. She feigned embarrassment and cast her glance to the desktop, wishing to Merlin that he would say something. Finally, his resonant anger made itself known in a slow, dangerous tone. "Don't. Lie. To me."She caught his gaze in surprise and could see the fury building there. It shocked her so violently that she was choked with fear. Having seen him so gentle and kind, it was hard to reconcile that man with the one before her, emanating power and rage so formidably that she had to resist the urge to pull away from him. He was treating her like… like… an enemy. And the truth of that hurt so acutely that tears sprang to her eyes. Didn't he know that she was on his side? That she was only lying to protect him? That she would do anything for him? That was something that Lily had never given him, but he loved her, not Hermione. And the injustice of that stung with a fiery strength that made her sob involuntarily as tears escaped her eyes and fled away across her cheeks. She ducked her face, hiding her hurt from his sight, and wiped away the tears. But they continued to spring forth like a broken tap that she could not seem to staunch."Granger…" he grumbled in a grudgingly consoling tone. He was clearly impatient with her tears, but she could not seem to stop the sudden fit of sobs that wracked her weakened body. After all, the last few weeks had taken a toll on her as well. "You should not be afraid to speak to me," he continued in a low, gentle voice, "whatever it is." He sighed. "I will try not to be angry."A bitter laugh escaped Hermione's hysterical weeping. Then he was quiet, but Hermione could feel the tension of his impatience in the room. She wanted to give him an answer; any answer. But when she lifted her face to his, a fresh bout of tears welled up and she brushed desperately at the sides of her face in an attempt to banish them. "I…" she sobbed, "I…" she could not catch her breath. Helplessly, she collapsed back into the safety of her palms and dropped the shield of her resolve, allowing the tears to come freely and not bothering to hold back her sobs."Hermione," he murmured softly, but that only made her cry harder. There was a creek of wood and soon a hand was upon her shoulder. She simultaneously wanted to pull away and lean into it. Then the cold tips of his fingers slid under her chin, lifting her face to his. The unreadable mask he used to conceal emotion was hammered in place, but there was something akin to regret in his eyes. He reached for her hand and slowly pulled her up out of the chair, led her into his personal quarters, and sat her on the couch.Somehow, the change of surroundings helped to calm Hermione, as if he was admitting that she was not merely his student. He was letting her in, which she knew was difficult for him. And even if this gesture was only a millionth of what she craved, it was a step in the right direction.Severus left her there, slipping over to his small kitchenette, where he seemed to be going through the motions of preparing tea by hand. She shouldn't have been surprised to learn that the Potions Master brewed his own tea.Slowly, her eyes exhausted their stores, the lump in her throat eased, the ache in her chest grew numb, and her sobs dwindled down to mere hitches of breath in an otherwise steady rhythm. She kept her eyes on his weary form, noting the fatigue evident in his slow movements and hunched posture. He clearly had not slept much over the past couple of weeks, and she bit her lip in worry over that thought.Finally, Severus carried two mismatched mugs over to the couch and handed one to Hermione as he took his place beside her. Her first sip was a bit of a shock. He had sweetened it the way she used to back at Grimmauld Place. Usually, her tea matched her mood, and at a time like this she would have drunk it black. But somehow the sweetness and the fact that he had done it in order to comfort her seemed to have a medicinal effect on her emotionally wrought body. The heat seeped into her very blood as the sugar lifted the corners of her mouth in appreciation and pleasure.They sipped the hot tea in silence for a moment or two, before the Potions Master turned to look at her. "Better?" he asked.She nodded. "Much." His lip twitched infinitesimally and he hid his mouth behind another sip of tea. Comprehension flashed in a flush across her cheeks. "What did you give me?" she murmured in a neutral tone.He met her eyes. "Calming Draught," he admitted, not glancing away.She met the challenge in his gaze by nodding and lifting her mug to her lips. That brought an outright smirk to his lips and Hermione couldn't hold back a smile. It was better this way, she told herself."Now, what were you trying to hide from me?"Hermione was suddenly struck with fear that he had laced the tea with Veritaserum as well, but she was not compelled to respond to him. With relief and resignation, she dipped her head and studied the weave of the upholstery beneath her. "I…" she took a deep, fortifying breath. "The truth is, I didn't want you to know that… when Professor Dumbledore showed me your memories… he included one of his own." She looked up at that and caught an expression of alarm before his mask fell back into place. "It was nothing dramatic, really, just a conversation the two of you had the morning after Halloween.""The morning after…?" He broke off, lost in thought, and Hermione turned her eyes back to her lap. A long swallow of the hot, sweet tea calmed her frazzled nerves, and helped to soothe the ache in her chest. Severus did not seem to have spiked his own tea with the potion. "He showed you that?" Oh yes, he was definitely angry.That meddling old son-of-a-banshee! Severus fumed silently as he replayed the conversation he had had with Albus. So for the past couple of weeks, she has believed… Fuck! He thought back to her aloof behavior ever since Halloween. And then… Oh gods, and when she made love to me… Severus jumped up from the couch and began to pace. Albus had gone too far this time. Of all the manipulative, selfish… But, of course, everything the Headmaster did was in the best interests of the Cause. He had confronted Severus about just that, and Severus… Gods, I gave him all the ammunition he needed to exact his own agenda. He stopped pacing. Well I'm not going to allow that.And yet… if he were to contradict the Headmaster's words, he would have to admit certain feelings that he harbored for the girl, and wasn't that exactly what he had been trying to avoid? After all, none of this changed the fact that he would probably die in the coming months and he couldn't bear the thought of her mourning him as a lost lover. We've passed that point, he reminded himself. On the one hand, he did not think it was fair to lure her into a more substantial relationship with him; a man so badly damaged from his own evil past that he hadn't believed himself capable of love. On the other hand…He looked at the girl. She had never seemed so small. It was evident that her belief that he did not care for her had taken quite a toll on her emotional wellbeing. She looked weak and torn and… broken. No. He had hurt her enough already. She deserved to know the truth.And yet… wasn't that a selfish motive? Wouldn't he be discounting the needs of the Order and the priority of the Cause in order to assuage a more selfish worry? Couldn't a deeper relationship with the girl endanger the Cause? And which is a higher priority? He bristled at the dangerous question. It was something he had not allowed himself to consider. But he realized, though he had always been willing to sacrifice himself to the Cause, he was not willing to sacrifice her. No. Not Hermione. The force of that realization left him light-headed. His priority had been the Order for the better part of two decades. To have that change at such a crucial time… could have disastrous consequences.So then, the question was, if Hermione's wellbeing was his top priority, what was the best course of action? It was clear that she was not well at the moment, believing what Albus had shown her. But wouldn't she be better off in the long run, believing that he did not love her, when he was not likely to live much longer? She was young and strong. She would survive. And she would be able to find new love; more appropriate love. She would move on and have a healthy life without him. Without me. But Severus could barely stand the thought. A selfish part of him wanted her to love him back; wanted to have her for the rest of his life, however short that might be.And then… what was to say that he needed to die after all. Perhaps he could survive. The thought made him stop his pacing, and stare down at the rug. A shudder trembled down his frame. He had never contemplated life after the war. What if… what if I could be with her when it is all over? The idea was too good to fully comprehend. Wave after wave of heady emotion fell over him at the thought. But it almost felt gratuitous and unrealistic. If Hermione Granger had been given a choice, she never would have chosen the dark professor. Once they were released from the Curse that forced them together, she would see the other options around her, and probably change her mind about Severus.He turned to look at the girl, watching him with frightened eyes, biting her lip and holding her knees close to her chest. And he loved her. He loved her so much that, while part of him only wanted to wrap her in his arms and keep her there forever, as a whole he only wanted her to live the best life that she possibly could. But doesn't she deserve to make that choice? It would be unfair not to give her the option of remaining with himself.But that was the hardest part for Severus. That meant that he would have to leave himself vulnerable to the possibility of rejection. Again. Was he strong enough to go through with that? Could he put her best interests above his own? He had done as much for Lily, and Lily had never given him anything in return. Hermione deserved so much more than what he had offered her so far. She deserved everything the world had to give, and he wanted to be the one to give it to her.Moving back to the couch, Severus sat down beside the worried girl, turning his body to face her. "Hermione," he began at last, realizing that he had no idea what he was about to say, "I want you to understand. My love for Lily has made me who I am." He watched a tear trickle down her cheek and knew that he was right to confide in her. "And she will always be an important part of my past." The girl nodded rapidly, to convey her understanding, but Severus shook his head. "But what I said to Albus… I said because I need for him not to doubt me. He is a master manipulator, and it can be dangerous to give him too much information. Hermione," he purred, reveling in the way she shivered at the sound of her name and turned those cinnamon eyes to his. "What I could not allow him to know is that… though you are not a threat to my loyalty to the Cause, for I will fight for you, to keep you from suffering the fate you undoubtedly would should dark lord prevail… you are a threat to my promise to protect the Potter boy. Because the truth is, if I were given a choice between the two of you, I wouldn't save him. But I would die for you."Her shocked eyes latched onto his as her lips parted and he could see the fear in the way she held his gaze. But he did not back down. He did not look away. She deserved to know the truth of the matter, however harsh a truth that might be. Severus was certain the girl was frightened by the admission that he would not save Potter, but he would not lie to her. Not now. She inhaled lightly, in preparation to speak, and he braced himself for what she might say. "I don't want you to die for me," she whispered. It was not what he had expected and the simple truth of it made him melt inside. That was all he wanted. Then she turned toward him, moving into the space between them and sitting back on her heels. "Severus," she whispered breathlessly, and another tear slipped across her cheek. She raised a hand to his face and met his eyes with a stern resolve. "I want you to live for me."Something inside of him seemed to be breaking apart as she leaned toward him and placed a soft kiss against his mouth. He reached for her with abandon, pulling her across his lap so that she straddled him and crushing her soft breasts to his chest. She opened her mouth to him, letting him in, and he realized that the part of him dissolving in her kisses was his shield. He was letting her in and that thought terrified and excited him all at once. He wanted nothing more than to be with her.Hermione cried into their embrace, but they were happy tears. He had as much as told her that she didn't need to worry about Lily, and that thought was so liberating that she could hardly express her elation. One of his arms wrapped around her waist, pulling her against him, and the other tangled in her hair possessively as his mouth met hers. She moaned as he slipped his tongue inside and her hands drifted up from his shoulders to cup his face. He was as good as hers, and she wanted to show him just how happy she was to have him.Well, he had apparently said something right for once, because the little temptress was gasping into his mouth and rubbing her body against his in ecstasy. He was in heaven. Emotionally drained or no, his body quickly made the switch to desperate arousal and soon an aching erection was straining against the barrier of his trousers. Hermione rubbed against it and moaned so sensually that it made him lightheaded. Growling back into her mouth he relished her answering whimper and the way she moved restlessly against him, desperation emanating from her like a glow off a candle.Hermione could feel his hardness beneath her; proof of his arousal. He wants me, she thought to herself. He wants me! She was suddenly overwhelmed by the need to be closer to him, to feel his skin on hers, to rock against him in passion. She began frantically unbuttoning his many layers without once breaking her mouth away from his.When Hermione began undoing his many buttons, Severus groaned with need. He wanted her so badly and here she was. Nothing was holding them back or stepping between them. And the thought of doing exactly this once lord Voldemort had been vanquished nearly brought tears to his eyes. "Mmmm Hermione," he murmured against her mouth. She whimpered in response and slipped her tongue between his lips to taste his own. As she peeled off his layers, he slid two icy hands beneath her sweater, brushing them up and down her back before moving around to the front and cupping her pert breasts through a lacy bra. That caught his interest as he hadn't known that she even owned a lacy bra, and soon her sweater was tossed to the floor.Hermione pulled back as Severus admired the black lace that Ginny had given her for her birthday. She hadn't had a chance to wear it yet, and was pleased by the hungry expression her professor wore as he studied the garment. "Mmmmm," he moaned as he filled his hands, running thumbs over nipples. Then he leaned forward and kissed the soft skin of her neck as he kneaded her breasts. She moaned as his teeth scraped her tender flesh and he responded by devouring the spot with fervor. She gasped at the sensation and began to grind her body against his, eliciting a savage growl from the Potions Master.The little witch was driving him crazy, and her skin tasted so sweet and clean that he couldn't seem to get enough of it. He dipped his head to nibble the curve from her neck to her shoulder before slipping down to nuzzle the swells of her breasts. When she wrapped her fingers in his hair and pulled him tighter against her, he groaned with arousal and maneuvered their twisting bodies until she was beneath him on the couch. He wanted to taste her more, and he began by ridding her of that pretty lace.Hermione gasped in pleasure when the flat of Severus's tongue found a nipple, teasing it into a pert knot. She could not keep herself from arching against him, begging him to take her right there. But he made a slow show of devouring her breasts before moving down her torso to taste the skin of her stomach and leave love bites on her sides. This possessive and assertive behavior was fueling the fire of electric desire within her and Hermione strained to rub against him, needing some sort of relief. She unbuttoned the front of his trousers and slid a hand inside, grasping his rigid staff and communicating her need to him. But he only growled and pushed her hand away. Then he was unbuttoning her jeans and Hermione whimpered impatiently.Severus took a brief moment to admire the matching black panties hiding her sex before ridding her of them as well. Then he met her eyes and smirked as she reached for him. In time, my dear, he thought. But not yet. He kissed the tops of her knees before sinking into the gap between her legs, tasting her thighs all the way. Her gasp of shock made his cock jump excitedly, but there would be time for that later. For the moment, he opened his mouth over the swell of her inner thigh and laved his tongue across her tender flesh. When she moaned, he bit down, scraping his teeth against her skin and leaving a feral mark. Then her hands were in his hair and she was gasping with pain and need. "Please," she whimpered in a voice breathless with arousal, and he could barely restrain himself.Hermione felt hot breath against her sex and looked down to meet those mischievous black eyes as his tongue darted out to flick the swollen nub exposed by his two hands between her legs. The wet heat of his tongue made her arch against him in a heady moan and his devious dark chuckle made her whimper helplessly. A couple more teasing flicks and he had to restrain her with two rough hands on her thighs to keep her from bucking against his face. Then his tongue returned, easing between her folds and Hermione groaned from the sensation. The heat and wet softness of his mouth between her legs coupled with the pressure of his tongue against the tender flesh of her opening, sent shudders of hot pleasure through her veins. "Oooooh Severus," she murmured.Severus growled deep in his throat. She was reacting so beautifully to his soft torture and he savored every whimper and hitch of breath, building his own insurmountable desire and anticipating what would come after this tender foreplay. Gods she tasted good, so sweet and almost floral in a marvelously feminine way. And she was so wet already that he could only think how wonderful she would feel when finally he allowed himself to enter her. For now, he simply relished the way she reacted to every move he made, and he knew that she was close.Severus's crafty tongue took turns probing her depths and flicking the sensitive bud of fire that had her clenching the upholstery in desperation. "Oh, gods, Severus," she whimpered, "I want you so bad. Please. Please take me." He did not pull away but only moaned against her core, sending baritone vibrations deep inside of her. She gasped. "Oh please, Severus!"Severus pulled away from her hot sex for a bare moment. "Oh, I will," he growled in a voice deep with promise before returning his mouth to her flesh. She arched off the couch, moaning in frustrated desire. So he took her little bundle of nerves into his mouth and sucked gently on it, sliding one of his hands down to probe her with a finger. He curved it around to the sensitive place he knew would drive her wild and slipped in a second finger before slowly beginning thrust his hand against her.Hermione marveled that she had never imagined this could be so amazing, and that was her last coherent thought. The pleasurable pressure within her was becoming so overwhelming that she felt like she might burst. She looked down to catch Severus's eyes and he growled against her, sending sparks of electricity through her core. And she realized for the first time that he was hers. And with that epiphany the sensations inside of her crested and she cried out as she exploded inside, electric pleasure bursting in rapid waves of fire as she gasped for air.As Hermione came against his mouth, Severus groaned from the agony of his need for her. He drank her sweet essence as she shuddered beneath him and patiently waited until she had come down before covering her body with his own and seeking her heat with his aching cock. When he pushed inside of her, she cried out in pleasure and tears slipped down her face and into her riotous hair. As much as he wanted to pound into her until he found release, he felt that she might need something gentler tonight. So he moved slowly against her, savoring each sensation as they made love."Please," Hermione whispered. He was driving her mad with this slow pace. Inviting him with her eyes, she pulled her legs up to wrap around his torso and his resolve seemed to snap. Suddenly he was thrusting against her urgently and Hermione felt hot coils in her belly at the thought that he wanted her so desperately.Gods, she felt so good! In her arms, she invited him to release his inhibitions and hold nothing back from her. And he complied. Gone was his control and discerning judgment. He trusted her in this moment and wanted nothing more than to give her everything. And she was so tight and so hot and so wet that he finally allowed himself to focus on nothing but her and the mounting pleasure of the friction between their slick bodies. "Oh gods, Hermione," he groaned."Yes, please Severus!" She whispered urgently. "I'm going to come."Severus knew he was done for with those words, but he dipped a hand between her legs and felt her clench around him in a quaking orgasm just as he finally burst with pleasure, spilling his seed deep inside of her and letting out a shuddering moan. Then all at once, they collapsed into the cushions and panted into each other's ears. After a moment, she pressed her lips to his cheek in the simplest, sweetest gesture. And he wrapped his arms around her and nuzzled into her neck, content never to leave this couch and this woman. Desperately trying to hold onto this moment forever.Hermione was overcome with love as Severus held her close. Deep inside, she knew that tomorrow they would be separated once more by their roles of teacher and student. But for tonight, he was pressed against her, on top of her, and she strove to memorize every sensation as his sweat-soaked body rose and fell with every breath, and his black hair tickled her cheek. She ran her fingernails across his shoulder blade and kissed the pale curve of his neck. After a little while, the heat of their bodies ceased to ward off the winter cold which slowly began to fall over them and seep into their skin. Hermione watched the gooseflesh manifest across the professor's ashen skin and finally suggested that they move to his bed. It wasn't until then that she realized he had fallen asleep and groggily he led them both to bed.Moments later, buried beneath his heavy duvet, Severus slumbered against Hermione's shoulder. And she brushed his hair with her fingertips as she thought back on the night. It wasn't until then, in the afterglow of his lovemaking, that Hermione remembered Narcissa Malfoy. But she supposed it didn't matter. She trusted him not to go behind her back that way. Instinctively she knew that he would never do anything to hurt her.Disheveled and out of breath, Hermione finally made it to the Defense classroom. Harry and Ron said nothing, but gave her judging glances that were full of disapproval."What?" she demanded."Out all night?" Ron hissed in an angry whisper so that the Slytherins on the other side of the hall wouldn't hear.Hermione glared back at him. "We'll discuss this later," she growled through clenched teeth.A fit of giggles caused the boys to turn around, and Ron snapped back around to face Hermione when he caught sight of Lavender and Parvati making their way toward them. "Blood hell," he groaned, "she's not looking at me, is she?" Ron had been avoiding Lavender ever since the Halloween Masquerade, much to Hermione's amusement. Apparently the other girl was a clingy pain in his arse, and Ron didn't know how to tactfully explain to her that he wasn't interested—that it had just been a drunken snogging session to celebrate All Hallows' Eve.Hermione gave him a sympathetic look, but the two girls passed right by him and came to harass her instead."Hermione!" Lavender squealed excitedly. Hermione didn't buy it. "You've been so busy lately, we haven't had a chance to catch up!" That was true. Hermione had been avoiding them all week.Parvati leaned against the stone wall conspiratorially. "We've been dying to ask you about your handsome escort last Saturday."The pair leered at their prey and Hermione was disgusted that they could still be so interested in that after everything that had happened. "Ron was my escort," she told them, "You know that.""Don't play coy with us," Lavender reprimanded. "You know very well who we're talking about.""Whom," Hermione corrected, earning herself a pair of glares from the other two girls.Across the hall, the Slytherins began to snicker."We were so scared when you went off by yourself with a vampire!" Parvati continued, ignoring the other students. "Weren't you afraid he might bite you?" the other girl's expression communicated a very different emotion than fear.Hermione could hear muffled remarks from the Slytherins and sought some way of discouraging this line of conversation.Lavender took up the baton. "How far did you go with him? Did his fangs get in the way? Did he rake them across your skin? Ooooo, if I were with a vampire, I'd want him to…""Nothing happened!" Hermione shouted over her litany, desperate to shut the other girls up. They didn't look convinced."We saw you sneak off and he was right behind you," Parvati whined."Oh gods, is that a hickey!?" Lavender shrieked excitedly, reaching forward to brush Hermione's hair to the side.Pansy Parkinson couldn't seem to contain her enthusiasm. "Well, look at that!" she shouted, pointing at Hermione. "The Gryffindor Bookworm turns out to be a freak! Tell us, Granger, does it hurt when he bites you?" She laughed maliciously. "Oooo, does he tie you to his bed?" The Slytherins began to hoot with laughter and the Gryffindors glared back at them in confusion, loyally defending one of their own despite ignorance of the situation.At that moment Professor Snape swept around the corner and the laughter increased tenfold. "Enough of this foolishness," he intoned in that deep sexy voice that had Hermione's heart racing. She had missed breakfast and very nearly been late after enjoying an early-morning shag, yet she still felt nervous in his presence. "As fascinating as I'm sure your sexual exploits are, Miss Granger, perhaps you and your giggling friends can discuss the pluses and minuses of being mauled mid-copulation after my class?"Hermione's jaw dropped. So he had heard the whole thing? Well, if his intent had been to inflame the situation, his words certainly had the desired effect. The Slytherins were breathless with choked laughter and the Gryffindors were staring at her as if they'd never seen her before. Only Harry and Ron sent hateful glares at their professor, to which he lifted an eyebrow in challenge.And then she noticed. One of the Slytherins was not taking part in the malicious mirth: Draco Malfoy. He was leaned against the wall beyond the others, affecting a bored expression and ignoring the chaos around him. He seemed somehow distracted, as if there was something bothering him that no one else knew. It made her uneasy, and she met Severus's eye. His amusement vanished in a blink and he followed her gaze, frowning. Then his eyes snapped to hers as something seemed to dawn on him. But he brushed it away and ushered the students into his classroom.









Chapter 43





Chapter Text
The daunting silhouette of the castle stood out prominently against the eerie glow of twilit sky as she approached the iron gates. They were locked. And so, with a swish a whispered missive swept off on a silver swan to the Keeper of the Keys. She resigned herself to wait. But in the frozen silence of the night, the still weight of solitude drifted over her like snow. And for once secure in her own privacy, she allowed herself to breathe deep this secret liberation.The towers of the school were a warm and welcome sight for a woman so long deprived of the comfort that is home. This had been her home. Many many years ago, she had come to know its walls and halls. Years and years ago, this place had been her solace.The Noble and Most Ancient House of Black was never famous for its wealth of affection. As a girl, she had been afraid to leave home, having no reason to believe that the world beyond could be any better. Her older sisters had only ever told her of the terrors of the castle and the forest, hoping perhaps to frighten her. It had taken some time, after her Sorting, for her to acclimate herself to the new environment, and the relative freedom that came with it.It was this freedom that called to her weary soul like a well of fresh water to one dying of thirst. It pulled her to the gate where flawless fingers intertwined with soiled and rusted iron. For a moment she could imagine that the past twenty years were only a horrible dream. And she was back at Hogwarts once again."Oo's there?" called a voice and she withdrew with a gasp as a lantern bobbed into view. There was no welcome in the big oaf's eyes when he caught sight of her beyond. "Wha' 're you doin' 'ere?" he asked, sounding more than a little hostile. She turned up her nose, instinctively. Who was he to speak to her in such a way?"It was my understanding that parents and relatives of students had a right to visit the school," she replied coolly."We've 'ad ter tighten ther sercurity 'round 'ere. 'Specially after wha' happened on Halloween.""I understand that, but I need to speak with Severus Snape. Surely you are not suggesting that I pose a threat?""Well… er… that is…""I am only one concerned mother.""I'm under strict orders not ter let anybody through.""Well I am certain that the Board of Governors would be quite interested to know that parents are being forcibly barred from visiting their children.""Now wai' jus' a minute…""I already have been waiting quite a while, now. And the night is only growing colder. Let me through to the castle and I will forgive this insolent behavior.""Alrigh', alrigh'. Seein' as there's only one o' you, I s'pose it'll be alright'."The hinges squealed like a dungeon door and a light wind fell like freedom across her face. It is safe here.The dungeons were nearly as cold as the grounds, but she had no desire to hurry back to the warmth of her own house. The damp chill here was infinitely more comfortable than the evil dwelling there. And as she stood before his office door, she questioned once again the wisdom of this decision. And once again she told herself that it must be done. And it is time."Come in," his voice called out in answer to her knocking. She complied, brushing all doubts to the back of her mind where he could not see them.He was bent over his desk, marking a bit of parchment that must have been an essay, and she waited for him to finish. When, finally, he glanced up at his visitor, she smiled at the surprise evident in those inky, black eyes. "Severus," she purred, delighted to have caught him off guard. It was not hard to imagine which other visitor he may have been expecting at this hour."Narcissa," he answered in a scowl, offering her the chair before his desk. She had made him uncomfortable. Perfect. "What are you doing here?" he asked her. Well, well. Straight and to the point. It was unlike Severus Snape to be so direct. She bit back a laugh. For once, she had the upper hand."I see I've caught you at your wit's end, Severus," she teased."It has been a trying day.""No doubt," she agreed. Draco had written her after his Occlumency lesson that afternoon, and his story had been… intriguing. For a long moment, she met Severus's calculating stare. Her visit made him nervous. It was her pleasure to draw it out. "I must say," she continued when the silence grew lengthy, "I would expect a man spying for two opposing masterminds to hide his secrets rather better than you have." Ah, yes, that remark had the desired effect. He hid the fear well, but it was apparent nonetheless. "As it happens, you have not. And with very little effort, I have found yours out."Severus was still as a cornered cat; she knew better than to underestimate him. "Your husband knows me better than anyone else in the world. What secrets I may have from you could easily be learned from him."Narcissa narrowed her eyes. A perfectly calculated response: exactly what she should expect from this master spy; the Head of Slytherin House. She would need to step lightly. This was a dangerous game. "I have been watching you, Severus," she began again, ignoring his attempt to dissuade her. "You have been careless."At this the professor sighed with apparent tedium "Narcissa," he began in a condescending tone, "these are troubling times. It is easy to become suspicious. It seems your isolation from your family has given credence to your wild imagination…""I have not been isolated from them," she interrupted. "Au contraire, I have been in constant communication with my son. It is he who has given credence to these… imaginings… of mine.""I see, and of what exactly do you mean to accuse me?" His voice was almost playful in its nonchalance, but Narcissa knew better. This was a man who had secrets to hide. Revealing them now would have disastrous consequences. Unveiling the truth could tip the scale for the outcome of the war.She couldn't resist the opportunity to tease him."It seems you have grown over-fond of this Granger girl." She smirked as he stiffened almost imperceptively. "I would go so far as to say that you may love her.""Ridiculous." But his tone was far too angry."You are far too jealous over her and certainly too openly affectionate toward her. It seems you danced with her in front of all of your students at the Masquerade Ball and soon slipped away to be with her alone.""She belongs to me, Narcissa. I know that it is hard for you to understand, as a woman, but the girl is nothing more than an object that, yes, brings me pleasure. I will admit that I have found enjoyment with her company as well as her body and that having an escort was an unfamiliar pleasure for me, but that is the limit of my involvement with the girl. To assume that I could love her…""But enjoying her company, for a man like you with so few close acquaintances, is really only a few steps away from sincere affection. You are far too intelligent to allow the synthetic and trivial boundaries between you to prevent a deeper attachment. If you were anyone else, I would accept the excuse that she is a mudblood." She watched his reaction to the word and was gratified by the tiniest hint of a tightening in his jaw. "But you have fallen for someone like her before, haven't you, Severus?""I was much younger and far more naïve when I betrayed my brothers for Lily Potter. I am not the sort of man to make the same mistake twice.""No," she intoned in a victorious voice, "No, I quite agree. That you are not." Check mate. "In fact, I believe that you always regretted the mistakes you made with that Evans girl. I believe you never forgave yourself for that. I think that you have every reason to seek out that which you lost in your first love with Hermione Granger. In fact, I understand she is completely besotted with you. To listen to Draco, it seems she may even love you."There was a long pause. It was clear that Severus did not know how to respond to her accusations. Finally, his eyes slanted and he approached the argument from a different angle. "Are you trying to persuade me to abandon the Cause, Narcissa?"At that, she had to laugh. He certainly had a knack for manipulating an argument. "Not at all, Severus, I assure you," she confessed in such a way that took him completely aback. "In fact, I am not suggesting that you have abandoned your Cause, or that you plan to. But now that I have expressed my reasons for believing that you will not pursue the dark lord's interests, let me explain how I already knew that you were unfaithful to him before the girl even came into your life."There was a heavy moment of silence before Severus spoke. "Those are dangerous accusations, Narcissa," he breathed. But he wisely waited to hear her evidence before attempting to contradict her."I have known for certain ever since the day you came to visit me, telling me of Draco's accidental slip of tongue." She expected a smirk, but none came. This was a man who knew not to tease his captor. "You explained to me that the Potter boy and his friends had been told a crafty lie to cover up the truth of your involvement with the Granger girl. You told them that Albus Dumbledore was aware of the situation and that you were using it to feed the dark lord lies. But I soon realized that that could not be true. Draco tells me much of what happens at Hogwarts. I know that Potter spends a great deal of time alone with the Headmaster. I know that the Gryffindors hate and mistrust you. It is not likely, therefore, that they would believe your word and not question the Headmaster about it." She let that sink in a moment. "Thus, the only plausible explanation is that your supposed lie to the children is actually the truth.Albus Dumbledore knows of your connection to the girl. In fact, I wouldn't be surprised if you were acting under his orders. You see, Severus, I have discovered your secret. I know now, without a doubt, which side you truly are spying for."For a long minute, neither said a word. Her old friend seemed to be debating with himself, presumably about whether or not to continue arguing with her or concede defeat. But she knew that too much lay at stake for him to give in without a fight. And with that realization, the first tingle of fear slipped down her spine. Surely he was not the sort of man to react rashly."I suppose you wish to blackmail me," he murmured in a hesitant tone, clearly stalling for time."No, Severus. That's not it at all.""Then what is it?" He was growing impatient with her, and Narcissa could feel the dangerous energy of his magic filling the room. It put her on edge."I-" she began, but the confession was terrifying. She had never imagined it would be so difficult to make. "That is…" She gulped around a tight knot that had formed in her throat. Her future and her family rested on her conviction. She had to be perfectly certain. And taking a deep breath, she knew that she was. And she took that leap. "I want to help."









Chapter 44





Chapter Text
"This is quite a predicament," the Headmaster understated. "I am hesitant to rely on the Malfoy family in any capacity, but their assistance would be useful.""The Malfoy family is not on our side. Only Narcissa has expressed any interest in our Cause. I do not believe she has confided in Lucius, or he would have come to me, himself. But Narcissa has good reason to wish for our success. It seems she is unhappy with the effect the dark lord's reign has had on her family. And I know Narcissa well enough to know that Lucius and Draco will always be her first priority.""You trust her word?""I do not trust the word of anyone." Except, perhaps, that of a particular bushy-haired know-it-all. "But I believe she is telling the truth.""In any case, we may use her maternal devotion as leverage against her. As long as she fears for her son's life, she will not risk jeopardizing it. Perhaps you should let slip the fact that I know of Draco's transgression, and will be more than happy to inform Tom should anything happen to my spy.""You forget, Albus, that Narcissa Malfoy is a Slytherin. As am I. Such an obvious threat will not merely put her on her guard, but will be viewed as antagonism. She has already surmised that I am your informant and that Potter would have come to you for confirmation following Draco's mishap. I am certain that she is already aware of your knowledge of these events.""Very well, Severus, but I do not like it. This is a completely unforeseen complication and I do not want you any more vulnerable than you already are. It seems that everything has gone steadily downhill since Miss Granger's abduction and I am not happy with this new turn of events."A surge of inexplicable anger swelled inside of Severus at the old man's words. "This 'new turn of events' might very well have given us an advantage we never would have secured without the complications of the past few months. Have you forgotten the prophecy? Perhaps Narcissa is the key for which we have been searching. After all, if she is to be trusted, that gives us not only another informant but a wand inside of Malfoy Manor; sleeping under the same roof as the dark lord, himself.""I hope you are right, Severus. For the sake of the Cause, I truly hope you are. If only there was some way to know for sure…""Well there isn't.""No matter," the old man shrugged with deceptive nonchalance, "for now we must pay careful attention. She is not to be given any more information than she already has. We will play it by ear, but we must proceed with caution.""Naturally," Severus drawled ironically. "Well, if that is all, I had better return to my lab. A certain werewolf friend of yours needs his fix.""Yes, yes, off you go," Albus replied with a dismissive wave of his hand. The dark professor bowed his head and turned to leave. "Oh, and Severus," the old man called, "when is your next Occlumency lesson?""Saturday evening. After the Hogsmeade trip.""Good. That will be a convenient opportunity to glean information from the Malfoy boy. It may be he has some insight into his mother's true intentions."…*~*J*~*…"Are you certain that we can trust her?""No."Hermione bit her lip anxiously, but caught the reassuring glint in Severus's eye when he glanced up at her over the cauldron he was stirring. Lupin was due for another dose, but tonight's brewing did not require as much concentration."Well, what about Malfoy? I mean… Draco? Do you think he can be trusted?"Severus snorted softly and mumbled something about Gryffindors always wanting to trust everybody. "As anxious as I am sure you are to have Mister Malfoy spend the holidays at Grimmauld Place, it may be advisable to wait a little bit longer before giving him the secret password. There is still that remote possibility that he is actually loyal to the dark lord."Hermione smirked at him, but resisted the urge to punch his arm, as that would interfere with his brewing. "Alright… so… we may or may not have contacts within Malfoy Manor. I'd say that counts as progress." It warmed her heart to see his lips quirk up in amusement at her words. Then she remembered something and chewed her lip. "Severus?""Hmm?""I suppose I'll have to spend Christmas at Grimmauld, won't I? I mean, I won't be able to visit my parents?"Severus's brow furrowed and he hesitated. "Actually, I have been thinking about your family lately, and I have come to the conclusion that it may not be safe for them to remain in Britain for the duration of the War. I wanted to talk to you about the possibility of sending them into hiding elsewhere; just until the War is over. Of course, there is no guarantee that that will be any time soon."Hermione considered this thoughtfully. It was terribly frightening to consider that her parents might be in danger, but she had to admit that he had a point. It would be safest for them if they slipped away for a little while, especially considering her increased involvement in the War to come."In any case, unfortunately, I believe you will have to spend Christmas with Potter in that hellhole."Hermione nodded absently. With everything that had been going on in her life, not to mention following the new appointments of witches and wizards to key Ministry positions (so far, it was estimated that about 60% of the new officials were loyal to Voldemort), the winter holidays had crept up unnoticed. Thankfully there was a Hogsmeade trip this weekend, because she hadn't had time to find presents for anyone.And that brought to mind an entirely different concern. What on earth was she going to get for Severus?…*~*J*~*…Saturday dawned with a dry chill that crept through the castle and sank into the very bones of her inhabitants. It seemed the very last sort of day that a large group of students would want to venture outside and make the long trek to Hogmeade through the snow. And yet, as they all lined up to show their permission slips to Filch, the crowd was just as large and cheery as always."So here's the plan," Harry was saying. "We'll all split off for a bit of Christmas shopping at first, and meet in an hour at the Three Broomsticks.""I may need a bit more than an hour," Hermione confessed. It always took her the longest to find her presents (and a good deal more thought went into them, thank you very much), but this year would be even worse."Really?" Ron was incredulous. "I'll be done in ten minutes, and then what am I to do?""Well Fred and George said they might pop in for a bit," suggested Ginny.Hermione frowned. "They aren't thinking of bringing more Firewhiskey, are they?" At the others' guilty expressions, she had to roll her eyes. Well, that was one celebration she would not be joining.Just then, Draco Malfoy pushed past them to hand his slip to Filch, knocking Ginny into Harry in the process. "Watch it, Weasley!"Ron wouldn't stand for that. "You'll be sorry, Malfoy!" He made as if to grab the blond as Harry restrained an angry Ginny and withdrew his wand."No!" Hermione shouted. "You'll just make it worse!" Merlin, didn't they understand that Draco wanted them to respond to his provocations?But before she could grab onto Ron's arm, an imposing figure stepped between the two quarrelling boys. "Starting fights, Mr. Weasley? Ten points from Gryffindor. And Potter; threatening an unarmed student with your wand. Fifteen points from Gryffindor. Let us see if we can survive this little excursion without incident, shall we?"Hermione stared up into the derisive sneer of Professor Snape and her heart lurched at his expression of disapproval. She had to actively tell herself that it was all just an act; that he didn't mean any of it. Then he swept past their little group and made his way off toward the little village. What on earth is he doing here? He told me he didn't have to chaperone.Malfoy sent a wicked smirk back in her direction as he followed his Head of House, and his laughter made her blush guiltily. I really need to get better at hiding my feelings."Come on, then," Ron grumbled," and soon they were through the gates and tromping through the snow on their way to Hogsmeade. "Snotty, arrogant prick. Who does he think he is?"Hermione blew out a breath. "He was just trying to make you angry. And it worked, didn't it?""Of course it bloody worked! He shoved my sister! That's no way to treat a girl!""Hey!" Ginny was offended by his assertion that she was somehow weaker than he was. After all, they all knew she could teach his scrawny arse a lesson or two, and no one was a match for her jinxes."Alright, alright," Harry cut in sounding far more exhausted and unhappy than he had ten minutes prior, "let's just split up and I'll see you in an hour."And so, grumbling and moody, they went their separate ways. And Hermione's feet, of course, took her straight to Tomes and Scrolls. She may have been the only one in their group to truly appreciate a good read, but she was still of the opinion that there was a book for everyone.Ronald. Ronald. Wizarding Sports? Ah, they have an extensive Quidditch collection. Ha. The sport has even infiltrated the publishing industry. Hmm, let's see… Hermione scanned the titles. But as she glanced over them, she suddenly realized that she had not read a single word. Her mind was focused uncontrollably on the prospect of bumping into Severus here. He was here the last time I came. But the place was a maze. She would have to actively search for him to see if he were here.It wasn't that she was looking for him, per say. It was just that her friends were all very different and the sections she wanted to search for books for them in were in very different parts of the shop. So what if her heart sank every time she passed a shelf and didn't find him? That still didn't mean she was actually searching for him.Alright. She was searching for him. And he wasn't here. Unless he had somehow managed to elude her… perhaps by stepping past a shelf at the exact same moment she did, but on the other side and going the opposite direction…Oh, come on, Hermione! You are being completely pathetic!Finding a book for each friend was turning out to be harder than she had expected. So far, she had Quidditch: A History for Ron and An Auror's Anecdotesfor Harry. Ginny had been particularly hard, as Hermione realized that she still didn't know very much about the other girl. That bothered her. She had thought that they were making progress.But if Ginny was difficult, Severus was impossible. First of all, she knew that he had an extensive book collection, and had no idea what books he already had. Second of all, she didn't want to give him something he read all the time, nor something he had no interest in reading. Needless to say, nothing so far seemed to suit.Eventually, she gave up and made her way to the cashier. Maybe the other shops would have something appropriate.Luna was up at the front when she got there. "Hello, Hermione.""Hello, Luna." Displays had been set up by the door and catalogues advertising 'Presents by Post' caught Hermione's eye. She reached for one with pictures of jewelry on the cover. Maybe Ginny would like some pretty earrings?"It's pretty remarkable, isn't it?" Luna asked her in that dreamy voice. "You write down your order and send the right amount of money. Then, when your owl comes back, it has a present."Hermione mumbled her agreement as she flipped through the pages. There were plenty of pretty earrings, but nothing that really caught her eye. She was just about to give up on the catalogue when one image jumped out at her and she had to flip back to get a better look. It was a locket in the form of a Golden Snitch. Perfect!"Do you think Draco would enjoy a model dragon?"It took Hermione a moment to switch from excitement over her find to processing Luna's question. And then it took another moment of stunned silence for that question to sink in. "Draco?" she heard herself repeating in an incredulous voice."Yes. It means 'dragon', you know. I always thought they were neat.""Er, I don't know, Luna. I… I don't really know him very well.""No one does, really. Not even his parents." Luna continued her scrutiny of the model in question with a curious expression."You know…" Hermione began, feeling uncomfortable, "I don't know that Malfoy… or… er… Draco, that is, really likes presents." And he'd probably react horribly to receiving one from you."It depends on the present," came Luna's dreamy matter-of-fact response. "Have you found anything for Professor Snape?"Hermione was, once again, completely taken aback. "I—uh…" For a long moment, she couldn't come up with an appropriate answer. But finally she conceded defeat and decided that she could be frank with Luna. What harm could it do? "Not yet," she confessed in a slump. Then her eyes jumped to Luna's face, considering. "Do you have any ideas?"To her astonishment, Luna laughed. "He doesn't want a present from me, silly. He wants it to come from you."…*~*J*~*…Ginny and the boys had already secured a table when Luna and Hermione entered The Three Broomsticks a short while later. Soon, they each had a hot Butterbeer in hand and were sipping happily, enjoying the warmth of the cozy pub."Guess we don't have that many Hogsmeade trips left," Ron realized. "Pretty soon, we won't be students anymore.""If we're lucky," murmured Harry."Well I still have another whole year after this," Ginny teased, poking her tongue out playfully at her older brother."Oh, bugger that!" cried George."The real world's much more fun!" agreed Fred."Albeit a bit more dangerous," George admitted."Unless you count that Basilisk.""Yeah. And the werewolf.""Nah, we've still got that one.""The spiders, then, we haven't got them.""Don't forget about Peeves.""Ah, yes, good ol' Peeves.""Wonder what he's doin' these days.""We had our share of dragons, too.""And Umbridge. Can we count Umbridge?""Nah. That's a joke.""What about the three-headed dog, then? What was its name?""Fluffy.""Now, that's a joke.""Are you feeling well, Harry?" Luna startled them all from the sudden bout of happy laughter.With those words, everyone's eyes turned to the Chosen One, in time to see his grimace of pain. He jerked his hand from his forehead, but it was too late. "I'm fine," he told Luna, but none of them believed him."It's alright," Luna replied, "you don't have to tell me what's wrong. I just hope you get better soon.""Thanks, Luna."The table was suddenly quiet and the cheery mood was tainted by an air of concern and confusion. Hermione met Ron's eye, and they seemed to silently agree that there would be a discussion later. Then she glanced over at Ginny and caught her biting her lip with worry. The tenderness in her expression went much deeper than Ginny ever allowed anyone to see."Well anyway, the real world's loads worse," Fred continued in an effort to sweep that little exchange under the rug."Yeah, you got bills and taxes.""Customers.""Scary thing, those.""And all sorts of laws you gotta watch out for.""And Voldemort," Luna added helpfully. "You can't forget about him." Once again, the table fell into an uncomfortable silence, which the pretty blonde didn't seem to notice.Just then, the door to the pub opened, and Severus Snape stepped through. Hermione's heart gave a jolt and she must have flushed because Ginny met her eye with a smirk. Suddenly she didn't know how to act; if she should pretend she hadn't seen him, or glance casually in his direction, or acknowledge his arrival. She watched him approach the bar and began to fidget, unconsciously shifting her position in the chair and drawing more than one curious eye."You alright there, Hermione?" George asked her, sounding amused.Luna was the first to speak up. "She's just nervous because Professor Snape is here."The twins' expressions were identically incredulous. But before they could think too much about it, Ginny cut in. "She skipped his class today." Then she blushed—apparently realizing that it was Saturday—and hurried to correct herself. "Our Occlumency lesson."The knot in Hermione's chest seemed to collapse in relief at the other girl's words.But that didn't stop Ron from almost ruining his sister's quick thinking. "But that's not… Ow!" Good thing Ginny's feet were pretty quick, too.Unfortunately, the twins were shrewd. "Hermione Granger, skipping class?" Fred marveled."Are we missing something?" asked George."Occlumency is a very useful science," Luna told them. "People think it keeps you safe from mind-readers. But they're wrong. It's supposed to repel the Wrackspurts, really."The others just smiled and nodded at Luna, meanwhile meeting each other's eyes across the table and conveying their true opinions. The awkwardness in the group finally seemed to dissipate just as Professor Snape swept over to their table."Miss Granger," he growled in that lovely deep voice that sent a spiral of fire to her core, "foolish as it may be to remove the only thinking member of your party, I have need of you… elsewhere."Hermione's lips parted and then she slammed her jaw shut as a table of Slytherin boys nearby began to snicker. Her face began to heat as she turned hesitantly toward her friends. Ron already looked angry enough to start a fight with the Slytherins, but Harry's scowl was directed at his professor. "Don't do anything stupid," she murmured before meeting Ginny's gaze. The other girl lifted a teasing eyebrow, but otherwise said nothing. Fred and George looked even more suspicious than before."Hello, Professor," Luna sang."Good afternoon," Severus replied in a patronizing voice to which Luna was apparently immune."I'll see you later," Hermione told her friends. At the lesson, she almost added.Then the professor led his student from the pub and through a little alley to the back where the bins were kept. "We cannot speak here," he told her, grabbing her wrist.And they Disapparated.









Chapter 45





Chapter Text

It was one of those days. The rain had brought his father indoors with a bottle of dark liquor, and the consequent yelling had driven Severus outside. The park was cold and wet, but that was decidedly preferable to Tobias Snape's drunken rage. And so, forsaking the shelter of the trees which only would have prolonged the drenching process and been entirely more pitiful, Severus took to the swings.

Higher and higher he flew through the air. Unnaturally high. But there were no Muggles to witness this fracture in the Laws of Physics. Not today. And the thrill it gave him pushed thoughts of his father from his mind. Adrenalin rushed through his veins, replacing his anger; and his helplessness was washed away by the feeling of power.
"Sev-er-us!" a young voice reprimanded, and the boy glanced down at a small girl standing below. Lily. Her fiery hair was the only color on this dismal day, and his heart skipped at the worried look upon her face as she peaked out from beneath her umbrella. "Stop that! You're going to fall!"
Oh how he loved to frighten her. "No I won't!" he answered back. Then he smirked as a devious thought leapt into his mind. "I'm going to fly!"

Lily's gasp of horror made his heart soar. It was refreshing to have someone worry about him the way she did. "Oh no you don't Severus Snape! Get down here this instant!"
"Right now?" he called down, smirking. "Alright. If you insist."
Lily screamed as he leapt from the highest height. And for a moment he was flying.

The landing was softer than he had expected, but he still ended up on his knees, scraping a hole through one trouser leg and exposing broken skin beneath. Lily dropped her umbrella as she ran to him. "You're crazy, Sev! You could have broken your neck!"
"I didn't though.""Come on. Let's go to my house. It's too wet out here. Then my mum can clean that up and give you a bandage."
Severus hesitated. He had never met Lily's parents before. "What's a bandage?" What if they didn't like him?
"You don't know what a bandage is?!"
Severus shrugged, but inside, he was beginning to feel anxious. What if Lily's parents saw how worthless he was and she started to see it too?
"Come on, I'll show you."
He hesitated. He couldn't lose Lily. She was all he had.
"Seeevvv," she pleaded, "Come on. We're already soaked through." Before he knew it, she was helping him to his feet and pulling him in the direction of her house. Oh, no! What if they hate me? What if they tell her she can't see me anymore?
But then they were on her doorstep and through the door and in the kitchen. And a woman with Lily's hair smiled down at them pitifully. "You two are quite a sight!" she remarked with a small chuckle.
"Severus hurt his knee, Mummy. Can you help him?"
The kindly woman leaned down toward him. "So this is Severus, is it?" His heart gave a jolt at the tone of recognition in her voice and he tensed in anticipation of reproof. But when he looked up into her eyes, there was only warmth there. And somehow he knew it was going to be alright. For once in his life, there was no need to worry. Lily's mother smiled reassuringly, and he found himself smiling back. "Well, Severus, it is a pleasure to finally make your acquaintance. Lily has told us so much about you."
…*~*J*~*…Her body seemed to twist in two different directions at once and compress in a spasm into one little knot at her navel. There, the tug of Apparition yanked her away from the little alley with an elastic pop. When she came to, lightheaded with expansion and dizzy from spinning, they were standing on a vaguely familiar street corner."Are you alright?" Severus asked her. Hermione could only nod as she gripped his arm to steady herself and focused on breathing. She had become accustomed to the easier form of Apparition that her Curse allowed. And normal Apparition—especially of the side-along variety—was far more uncomfortable.Eventually the nausea dissipated and Hermione lifted her eyes to her surroundings. It only took a moment for her to realize where they were."I apologize for not discussing this with you prior to departure, but I decided this morning that today would be the most convenient day to visit your parents."Hermione nodded vaguely as they headed off down the street, but her heart was racing at the prospect of her parents meeting Severus for the first time. She hadn't told them anything about her involvement with him, thankfully, but it would still be strange to watch them interact. Her stomach sank painfully. Then again, there were a few things she had told her parents about the Potions Master over the years. Oh, Merlin. This was going to be rough.…*~*J*~*…As they made their way toward Hermione's childhood home, Severus finally began to have doubts about the meeting to come. He couldn't remember being this anxious to meet anyone since Lily's parents, and that had been when he was ten years old. Already, all of his old worries came flooding back into his mind, and he found himself irrationally convinced that their inevitable disapproval would change Hermione's mind about him. Ridiculous, he had to tell himself. Miss Granger was a very intelligent, willful, logically minded young woman. And she was a Gryffindor. Her feelings—whatever those might be (and he preferred not to think about that too much right now)—weren't going to be affected by anyone's opinions on the matter.At least, he desperately hoped not.And then he had to remind himself how terribly pathetic it was to hope for her to continue caring for him when he had been trying to persuade her otherwise for weeks.They continued the remaining blocks in silence, but a nervous tension had fallen and neither seemed to want to arrive any sooner than they had to. It could not be helped, however, and soon they found themselves on the Granger's doorstep, and Severus raised his fist to knock."Wait," Hermione suddenly told him, reaching for his hand. "Before we go in there… I just want you to know that they don't know anything. At all."Well, that was certainly useful information. Perhaps they should have discussed this more thoroughly beforehand. "I see," was all he said."And if you don't mind," Hermione bit her lip, "I'd rather they didn't know anything just yet.""That… is agreeable.""Alright," the girl agreed with an air of finality, "I'm ready."And so Severus knocked on the door.Several minutes seemed to pass before a thin, tidy-looking man came into view. Severus noted with relief that Hermione's father was a good bit older than him, if a few inches shorter. His graying sandy-colored hair and brown eyes were as nondescript as his grey sweater-vest and kakis."Hermione?" The man was clearly shocked to see his daughter on his doorstep. But before Severus could speak up, Hermione had thrown herself into her father's arms and was suddenly weeping into his shoulder. "Hermione, what has happened?""Nothing. I just missed you so much!" the girl cried. At that the two men made eye contact and concern was etched into Mr. Granger's collected façade."Perhaps you had better come in," he told the odd couple, pulling his daughter aside to allow the Potions Master entrance. Severus marveled at the trust he had just been shown by a man so obviously unaccustomed to having traditionally-garbed wizards on his doorstep."Thank you," Severus replied. The words were rusty on his tongue and tangled clumsily from his mouth, but he was certain no one noticed. The other man was far too busy seeing to his distressed daughter."Harriet!" he called when he had closed the door. Severus was dismayed to see that he had not bothered with the lock. "We have a surprise visitor!" They were standing in a tidy living room, sparsely decorated but for the frozen pictures of their little family that dotted the various bookshelves and side tables. To their left was an open doorway leading, it seemed, to a kitchen. To their right was a set of stairs at the top of which a dainty, poised woman suddenly appeared. Her dark hair was pulled back in a tight bun, but frizzy wisps were already escaping around the edges."What…" she began, but then her eyes landed on her daughter and a hand leapt to her chest as if to steady her frazzled heart."Mum!" Hermione cried, tears springing to her cheeks. Severus had not counted on this being as emotional an affair as it was turning out to be."Hermione," her mother gasped as all composure fled and she stumbled hastily down the stairs. "What on earth are you doing here?" she wondered in amazement, her arms wrapped around the girl."It's a long story," her daughter told her, pulling away at last. Suddenly three pairs of eyes turned to him at once, as if on cue. Years of learning to control his impulses kept Severus from stepping backward in response. "Sorry," Hermione dried her eyes, smiling apologetically, "Mum, Dad, this is Severus—SNAPE. Professor Snape, my Potions Professor. Or, er, rather, he was the Potions Professor, but this year he's teaching Defense Against the Dark Arts."There was only a slight awkward pause before Mr. Granger stepped forward with his hand outstretched. "Pleasure to make your acquaintance, Professor, I'm Rodney Granger, and this is my wife, Harriet."Severus could only nod as he shook their hands. If they knew what I have done to their precious daughter…There was another awkward pause. "Let's sit down, shall we," Mrs. Granger immediately jumped into Hostess Mode, leading them to the couches in the living room. Severus instinctively took his place beside Hermione as her father chose the couch directly opposite. "Would you care for some tea?" Mrs. Granger continued, heading toward the kitchen."Yes, please," her daughter answered, "that would be lovely." The remaining three shifted uncomfortably in their seats."So," Mr. Granger began eventually, "what is this little visit about?"At that, Severus finally spoke up, "I think it would be best to wait for your wife to return before discussing the purpose of our meeting.""Oh," said the other man, simply. There was another moment of silence in which they could hear china clinking in the other room. "So…" Hermione's father began again, "You're Professor Snape, eh?""I am.""Hermione's told us a lot about you." The older man's voice had begun to take on the slightest edge and Severus tensed warily. "In fact, if it weren't for the rules in place banning non-magical people from your campus I would have gone up there by now to have a word with you.""Dad, don't," Hermione whispered. Too late."Is it true you punish my daughter for raising her hand?"Hermione groaned.Severus gritted his teeth in annoyance. "I have, on occasion, found it necessary to deduct points for her failure to follow my directions.""Your directions not to answer questions you yourself posed to the class as a whole?""Indeed.""Why?""To discourage her incessant need for attention.""Her other professors have done nothing but encourage Hermione's intelligence and talent…""Her other professors have inflated her ego."Mr. Granger scoffed angrily. "Hermione is the 'brightest witch of her age.' Everyone says so." So she had been writing home about that. Unsurprising."Dad, please,""And you never award her full marks for her work. But it is my understanding that you show favoritism toward your own House and punish Hermione and her friends for being Gryffindors." Oh Merlin, here we go. "That seems rather foolish to me, as a fourth of your students are Gryffindors.""Yes, and they are a lazy bunch of self-righteous…""Hermione isn't! Hermione is an exemplary student…""Who has a constant need to flaunt the fact that she is the only member of Gryffindor House capable of fulfilling reading assignments prior to coming to class.""What's going on in here?" Mrs. Granger suddenly appeared in the doorway. Her voice was stronger than Severus could have expected from the tiny woman. But then, was he really surprised?Mr. Granger cleared his throat and composed himself. "I was just bringing to light a few grievances we've had about the Professor's teaching strategies.""Not now," his wife replied icily, setting the tea tray on the table separating the two couches. "They have not come all this way for a parent-teacher conference." Would that it were so simple. If only they knew... "Now, Mr. Snape, how do you take your tea?""Severus," he corrected her gently; unsure what made him do it. "And I prefer my tea black, thank you."She smiled as she handed it to him and set about preparing the remaining cups without another word. Severus was surprised when she added nothing to Hermione's, but the girl just thanked her and brought the little cup to her mouth with a sigh of relief. Well, this certainly wasn't going as expected, but the tea did seem to have a calming effect on the group."Now then," Mrs. Granger continued from her place beside her husband when everyone had a cup, "what is this all about?" Severus was concerned for a moment that she was asking them about their argument. "What are you doing here?" she clarified, to his relief.When Hermione did not immediately reply, Severus cleared his throat. "There is a matter that we must discuss with you immediately. I suppose you are aware that the Wizarding world is at war?" They merely nodded in response, looking frightened. "Well, the dark lord is gaining in power and his spies have infiltrated our government. They have gotten bolder in their attacks, and it is impossible to know who may be targeted next." He took a moment to let that sink in. "I do not know how much your daughter has told you about her friend, Harry Potter, but her connection to him, among other things, makes her a target." The couple shared a concerned—but unsurprised—glance. "I can assure you that I will do everything in my power to protect her, and that the Headmaster is working to keep them safe as well, but the same cannot be said of you. I am afraid, as her parents, you have also become a target. I have spoken with Albus Dumbledore and we all agree that it would be wise for you to disappear for a time; to go into hiding." For a moment, there was silence."Impossible."Severus gritted his teeth as he met the eyes of the other man. "I assure you, this is necessary.""What about our work? What about our lives? Everything will be uprooted. As far as anyone else is concerned, this is a time of peace. There will be searches for us and legal inquiries…""You will construct an elaborate ruse.""How long?" Mrs. Granger cut in.Severus met her eye. "I do not know. Maybe until the summer. Maybe years.""God.""Mum, I know that this is hard, but people are already going missing. Muggle families have already been killed. It's too dangerous.""How do we know that she will be safe?" her mother asked him."You don't," Severus answered honestly."Then she is coming with us."That thought hung in the air between them for a moment, before Severus spoke up incredulously. "No.""Why not?" Mrs. Granger wanted to know. "You cannot guarantee her safety. We have a right to take her with us.""She is our daughter," her husband agreed. "We will decide where she goes.""Hermione is far too valuable in this war. We cannot afford to lose her.""Ridiculous! She isn't even of age.""Mum, Dad, I can't go with you. You don't understand. This is my war. I have to fight.""You are a child!" Mrs. Granger's eyes welled up with panicked tears. "They can get on well enough without you."Severus was becoming impatient. "Your daughter is more important to this war than you realize."""Bugger you war!" her father put in. "She's too valuable to us, and we aren't going to let you take her from us.""Hermione is not going with you," Severus declared with an air of finality. "I will not allow it.""Oh really?" Mr. Granger was livid. "And who are you to allow it? Her professor? Recruiting students for your army? If you are that desperate, there cannot be a hope in hell that you will win, and my daughter will not be a part of that sinking ship!" Severus wanted to ask him how exactly he planned to stop that from happening."Dad, you don't understand…""No. You don't understand, Hermione. This man is taking advantage of your naiveté…""No, he isn't!" Hermione argued. Severus's heart clenched painfully with guilt at the man's accusation. He's not far wrong. "You don't know what you're talking about! Won't you just listen? You're in danger. You have to get away, and I can't go with you. They need me here. I know it's hard for you to accept, but you don't really have a choice."The room was silent for a long moment as the powerlessness of their situation seemed to fall over the Grangers at last. Severus pitied them for it. "I promise you," he heard himself saying, "that I will do everything in my power to protect your daughter."Mrs. Granger's face collapsed into her palms as she began to weep. "Oh my God! Oh my God! I knew this would happen. I knew that one day you would be forced to make a choice; us or them. And…" she sobbed desperately, "it's them!""No, Mum, that's not it at all. You don't understand.""I do understand, Hermione. I understand more than you know.""The war will be over soon and I'll be with you again, I promise. But I can't turn my back on the Wizarding World. It's part of who I am. A part of me that I cannot sacrifice." Tears were rolling down Hermione's cheeks, but she refused to give in. "I'm sorry."A long, tearful moment followed before Severus cleared his throat. "Albus Dumbledore has made arrangements for you to stay in one of our safe houses; a cottage by the sea. There are already a few inhabitants, but it is a large enough house that you will not be sacrificing much privacy. And it has the added benefit of the Headmaster's magical defenses. As long as you are there, no one will ever be able to find you." Severus waited for some response from the broken couple, but neither said a word. He sighed. "It would be advisable for you to bring any important documents or possessions with you, as it is entirely likely that your home will be raided and burned by Death Eaters. Deliveries are made to the safe house, but it would be unwise to make withdrawals from your Muggle bank account once you have left, so you will need to plan for that in advance. You will be able to send letters to your daughter, but there are strict rules regarding what can and cannot be said in case a letter of yours falls into the wrong hands."You have until Monday to settle your affairs. You have had a family emergency and have packed off for Australia for an indefinite period of time. At precisely noon on Monday your escort will arrive; a colorful character by the name of Nymphadora Tonks. She will double-check to see that everything has been taken care of before bringing you to your temporary residence." He inwardly cringed at the twin stricken expressions on the Grangers' faces. "Do you have any questions?""How much can we bring with us?" Mrs. Granger's voice was soft and weak."Only as much as you need. If you can part with something, leave it behind."She nodded absently. "Rodney, darling, could you take Hermione upstairs to look through her things? I want to talk to the Professor."The pit of Severus's stomach sank with her words, but he showed no outer reaction. Whatever it was, it could not be good.Mr. Granger hesitated before standing abruptly and gesturing to his daughter. "S-sure," he agreed, leading Hermione from the room.When they were alone, Mrs. Granger couldn't seem to meet his eye, preferring instead to focus on the fidgeting hands in her lap. "I know my daughter," she told him with a wary voice that made his heart lurch. "And I know that there is nothing I can say to change her mind. If this were a few years ago, perhaps I could have convinced her to come with us. But she is a young woman now, and I know her mind." At that, her tear-filled eyes lifted to meet his, and Severus could see distrust and anger buried behind her grief. "I also know that there is something you are not telling me." Fear burst inside of him, but he didn't so much as blink. "You will take care of my daughter, won't you?"Severus found it difficult to speak. "Of course I will.""Because, you know, she may be important to your war and your people. And maybe she's even important to you." She let that thought hang in the air for a moment, but before Severus could respond, she continued. "But just remember that we will always be her parents. And I will never forgive you for taking her from us today."









Chapter 46





Chapter Text
A sullen blanket of clouds brooded angrily over the Forbidden Forest, churning with pent up rage. The threat of a downpour hung over the castle like the Sword of Damocles, but Severus only bade it come. He watched the approaching tempest with disdain from the seclusion of a library alcove and wondered idly if the Hogwarts Express would outrun the rain.The past few days had been long and difficult for the Defense Instructor. Not only was he concerned for his godson, Draco, in whose mind he had seen the loneliness and confusion that he had experienced, himself, as a boy. But he had also been carefully avoiding Miss Hermione Granger and the emotions that came with her. They had hardly even had a proper 'farewell,' as he had not been present at breakfast that morning. Of course, that wasn't enough to stop a Gryffindor. No, she found him in his office and offered him a timid 'goodbye.' Thankfully, his coldness toward her had been enough to discourage any more affectionate advances.He was both thankful for and regretful about that.His meeting with the Granger family had put the situation into a new perspective for Severus. Her parents may have been a bit older than he was, but that didn't change the fact that they were more of an age with him than Hermione. Hell, it had practically been a parent-teacher conference. Merlin. It brought home the fact that anything more substantial with Granger—and therefore any highly-suppressed fantasy of life with her after the war—was completely out of the question. Her parents would always be her parents, as Mrs. Granger had said. And they would never accept him into their little family. He did not delude himself on that. Even if they had fallen in love under normal circumstances and minus all of the horror that condemned him already, Rodney and Harriet Granger would never ever believe that what they had was anything more than a pervert in a position of power taking advantage of the naivety of his beautiful protégé. Maybe that is all I am, after all.Severus shook his head. He cared for Hermione. He respected her—and that was really saying something, as Severus Snape did not have much respect for much of anyone these days. But maybe it was not such a bad thing that they were to be apart for a time. He needed to clear his head, in any case.And then there was the question of his godson. The boy was clearly not in on his Mother's plot, if the confusion he'd seen during their Occlumency lesson was any indication. Probably she had a hard enough time admitting the plan to herself. After all, life with Lord Voldemort bred paranoia, and Narcissa Malfoy had always been the cautious sort. But Draco was an intelligent boy—despite his tendency to let his arrogance cloud his better judgment—and he had caught on to his mother's strange behavior, and worried about it. On top of that, her questions had begun to make him think about his godfather and the Gryffindors in a different way. The tiniest seed of a dangerous idea had been planted in his mind: the idea that it was possible to be friends with the Gryffindors. After all, if the Head of Slytherin House could fall in love with one of them, the possibilities were endless."Hello Professor."Severus swirled around to see the dreamy visage of Luna Lovegood gazing up at him. "Good afternoon," he responded automatically."It's rather frightening, isn't it?""I… beg your pardon?""The clouds. Of course, they're really just air and water when it comes down to it. Not much to be afraid of, really."Severus gawked down at the odd girl. What was she doing here and how could he make her go away?"You are too, you know," she continued when he made no reply. "Mostly water, that is. People get scared of you sometimes. But I don't." She gave her professor a tiny smile and returned her gaze to the window behind him."And what are you afraid of, Miss Lovegood?" he heard himself ask. Some sort of make-believe creature, to be sure."Oh, I dunno," she sang. "I guess I'm afraid for my father, sometimes. We're each other's only family, now, but he didn't want me to come home for Christmas because it's dangerous. Some people don't like what he writes in the Quibbler, you see, but it's not his fault if the truth isn't happy.""No," her astounded professor answered, "I suppose not.""And I suppose I worry about Draco, too." She met his eyes again and Severus held his breath in confused shock at her words. "I just hope he chooses right. Don't you, Professor?""I… suppose.""What about you?"Severus's chest clenched anxiously. "I beg your pardon?""What are you afraid of?"
Oh.
He didn't know how to answer her."Other than Hermione, that is."What!? For a moment, Severus couldn't breathe as his heart seemed to slowly plummet and his ears pounded with his own heartbeat. "What about Miss Granger?" he heard himself ask."You worry about her. It's perfectly ordinary. The more you love someone, the more you worry about them, usually."Panic was welling up inside of him. How does Lovegood know about that? "What are you talking about?" His voice came out a lot weaker than he had meant for it to be."It's alright, Professor. You don't have to pretend. When you look at her, something changes in your eyes. It's the same way my father looks when he looks at me." Oh GREAT. "You don't have to worry, though. She loves you too.""Did she tell you that?""No. But she worries about you a lot." Well why doesn't she just tell the whole bloody school?Severus could feel panic rising inside of him at his lack of control over the situation. This was supposed to be a secret. "Miss Granger makes it her prerogative to worry about everyone.""Yes, she cares about everyone. But especially you." Her words made emotion swell up in his chest, but he quickly suppressed it."Miss Granger is my student and I am her Professor. There is nothing more to it than that."The girl shrugged infuriatingly. "Draco is your student, too." And just what the hell is that supposed to prove!? "People don't mind if you love Draco, because he's a boy. But men can't just love girls." The thought sank in for a moment as thunder resounded somewhere in the back of his mind. "Hermione's different, though. She doesn't just follow along." Severus's brow wrinkled, unsure of her insinuation. "She can keep up with you, I think. And she leads for herself." Severus was too stunned to answer, so the girl just smiled and turned to go. "Have you decided what to get her for Christmas?""Get her?" he repeated, indignantly."As a present, silly. She's getting one for you."
Did she just call me 'silly'?
"It was hard to decide with Draco. He's very complicated, you see. But Mum always said 'It's more about letting them know you care.'""And what did you get for him?" It was natural to be curious, he told himself."Oh, I can't tell you." She leaned closer, conspiratorially. "That would ruin the surprise." Then she smiled and stepped back from him. "See you at dinner, Professor." And with that, she skipped away, leaving Severus to turn back to the window and think on her strange words.And as he let her meaning wash over him, the clouds roiled toward them, and the storm began. And the cloudy glass was slowly shaken by the soft pitter patter of the rain.…*~*J*~*…Raindrops trickled across the window in crooked lines, covering the foggy glass with stripes of clarity as Hermione watched. It would be lovely to spend some time with her friends over the next few weeks, but she was already missing the comfort of the castle and the reliable consistency of homework every night and school during the day. And Severus. She missed him, too.Their meeting with her parents had been a complete disaster. Never would she have predicted that her father would use the opportunity to attack the man. Nor could she have imagined the extent to which her parents would rebel. She was lucky they hadn't had to explain the whole bloody prophecy. And thatwould have been a true catastrophe.Her parents' reaction even to having the man in their living room was enough to make Hermione glad of her decision not to include them in any more of the grisly details. It made her feel guilty inside, like she was lying. Of course, it was hardly the first time something had happened in the Wizarding World and she had not seen fit to include her parents. But this—more so than risking her life at the end of term every year—was very personal. And it felt wrong not to include her parents in this aspect of her life. It made her wonder how something could be right if she could not even tell her parents about it. And was it shame that drove her into secrecy? Was she merely afraid of their reaction? Or did she fear that they would change her mind about him, somehow? But that was preposterous.If things were to continue with Severus after the end of the War—assuming they both survived—they would eventually have to tell her parents. Of course, there was still no need to tell them the whole story of how they came together, but it might be bad enough as it stood. Her parents already hated Severus, no thanks to her endless stories about him cutting her down in class over the years. They would be outraged. They would see all of the bad and be disbelieving of the good. They would likely call out every insecurity Hermione had ever had in the relationship and tear apart the very connection she had nurtured. Hermione wasn't ready for that, and she knew Severus certainly wasn't either.He had been cold to her during their 'goodbye' earlier that day. She knew he was unhappy about the horrible first meeting with her parents, but there was something more. He had been avoiding her ever since, and Hermione worried that he had been thinking too much about her parents' words to him, or the lack of welcome he had been given into their little world. Didn't they understand that he was trying to protect them, at great personal risk? No. Of course they didn't. Because the Grangers had never been told about her professor's precarious position or her role in the War, at all. And yes, it did make her feel rather guilty.At the Station, a group of Aurors were waiting to transport them to Grimmauld Place. Hermione recognized Tonks and her pink hair at the front of the group, smiling and waving excitedly. The older witch beside her looked on with disdain, but said nothing as the students approached."Wotcher?" she exclaimed, grabbing Harry in a bear hug as Molly Weasley reached for Ron. "Hermione," she began again when hugs had been exchanged and they were finally headed off, "met your parents the other day. Handsome man, your dad. Not that you need to worry. Remus is all the man I need." She winked happily at the other girls and Ginny laughed."Have you two finally gone public with that?""Well first I had to persuade the man, you silly goose. But he finally got tired of my pestering and agreed to go out with me. Now, of course, he can't take his hands off me. Not that I've asked him, mind you. I'm content never to let him let go.""That's great!" Hermione told her, sincerely. She only wished she could be as publicly in love as the older witch, but there would be time for that when the dark lord was dead. Hopefully.They found Grimmauld Place as dark and dank as they had left it, and Hermione hurried to put her things away before the other inhabitants came out to greet the new arrivals. She hadn't really considered how she would treat Sirius Black when she saw him, but time had only made that incident seem worse and worse.The episode with Sirius had taken place during a very dark time for Hermione. At the time, what he had done had really seemed like nothing compared to the atrocities she had witnessed. And her emotions had already been in turmoil over her blossoming affection for the Potions Master, so the anger and indignation Sirius caused were like drops in the proverbial bucket. Now, of course, she was horrified to remember what had occurred between them, and amazed that she hadn't hexed his bits off by now. For the moment, she was safe. He was downstairs chatting excitedly with Harry and the others. But at some point during the weeks to come, she would have to have a talk with him, and it would not be easy."Oh Crooks," she sighed, scratching the orange cat behind the ears, "I don't know what to do."…*~*J*~*…Relief stripped some anxiety away when Severus realized that the dark lord was not present this evening. The Malfoys had summoned him to dinner, presumably to celebrate the holidays. They had often spent such occasions together, before Lord Voldemort's return. Of course, the dark lord's presence still seemed to linger like an omen over the dinner party, if only in thought. But he could relax a little in the knowledge that his every move was not being analyzed by their Master, himself. And although Bellatrix was present and would be watching him closely, she was not nearly as perceptive as the dark lord.Lucius sat at the head of the table; an honor he had not had in his own household in some time. Curiously, Narcissa—who traditionally took the chair at her husband's right hand—was seated to Lucius's left, while Draco Malfoy took the place to his right. Severus was next to him, which placed him directly across the table from Narcissa's darling sister, Bella."All alone, are we—Sevvy-rus?" Bellatrix teased. "Didn't want to bring your ittle girlfriend?"Severus merely met her eyes in a cold stare and took a sip of his wine. I would never bring her here. She will never belong here. He was very aware of Draco's inquisitive gaze and the way Narcissa's eyes warmed with laughter that never reached her lips. Lucius, himself, seemed oblivious enough, but Severus knew not to underestimate the man."Must be peaceful, having that castle to yourself, Severus," his old friend remarked bitterly."I am not alone. There are many professors who chose to remain during the break; and a larger group of students than years past. Even when I sought the peaceful refuge of the library, I was accosted by one Luna Lovegood. I suppose you remember Xenophilius.""Ah, yes. The crackpot editor of that ridiculous magazine. I imagine she wanted to recruit you for help against the Bogeyman?" Lucius laughed icily, but Severus noticed a telltale tinge in his godson's cheeks as he clenched his fists suspiciously."An eerily perceptive girl, that one," Severus remarked. "She had the nerve to compare me to the storm outside. Brewing, as it was."Narcissa laughed at the quip, but Draco's face was ashen and his shoulders were tense as if with fear. This is who I am. This is where I belong. "A brave girl, then," the Malfoy matriarch noted, "to approach such a dark and dangerous wizard as yourself, Severus." Narcissa winked at him across the table, but no one else seemed to notice her mocking tone."A fool!" Bellatrix replied. "If she knew whom you serve, she would never dare speak to you that way!""Alas, that is a carefully guarded secret, Bella," Lucius reminded her. "And the girl is young and naïve." But that was an oversimplification. Miss Lovegood was young, but she wasn't exactly naïve. While she may have acted ignorant, she seemed to know things that others never caught on to. She was no mere girl of seventeen."As is the little Mudblood, right Sevvy? Quite taken with you, isn't she?" Bellatrix's sneer was evil, but Draco seemed to relax at the turn in conversation. How is it that everyone seems to know about that?"They will learn," he responded. "In time."…*~*J*~*…"Hermione!" Sirius stood from his place beside Harry at the table when she entered the small basement kitchen, at last. "We were beginning to worry about you!" He made as if to come to her, so Hermione quickly took a seat across from them."Sorry. I wasn't feeling well.""Oh, so sorry. Would you care for a pick-me-up?" He gestured to a pot on the stove; presumably the source of the spicy scent in the air. "Mulled apple cider. Come, it's not very strong. Even Molly's given her consent.""Alright, I suppose," she conceded. It was sweet and hot with a nice tang on her tongue and spices in the back of her throat. And there was something else; something subtle beneath the bursts of flavor; a deep, smooth, heavy taste. She found herself wondering if Severus would have liked to try it."It's so good to have company again," Sirius was saying. "Remus and Tonks visit now and then, but mostly it's just me and Buckbeak in between Order meetings.""How is Buckbeak?" Ron wanted to know. More likely he was wondering when the next feeding would be."He's alright. Been a bit depressed. Cooped up in here all the time and never allowed to fly." He wasn't just talking about the Hippogriff, was he?Harry seemed to sense the other man's bitterness and set a hand on his godfather's arm. "Don't worry, Sirius. It's not much longer. When the War is over, we'll take him out into the country where he can fly and hunt all day long, if he chooses.""I think he'd like that," Sirius replied with a sad smile.There was a sudden, loud crack and the group yelped collectively as a pair of red-haired, befreckled faces popped into view. "We're here!""Fred! George!" Ginny leapt up to embrace her brothers. "I was afraid you'd be too busy for us this year.""Don't be ridiculous," said George."It wouldn't be a holiday without the two of us!""Yeah. Someone has to start the mischief.""And we've got loads of ideas about that." Fred winked at his brother."Do you?" came a voice from the doorway and they all turned to see Mrs. Weasley standing there with her arms crossed. "Well I'm afraid it will have to wait until after dinner."Dinner was an exciting affair; gathering the whole bunch together into one room and asking them to sit down nicely and eat their supper. Ha. Remus and Tonks had come back for the evening and even Mad-Eye Moody had shown up for a bit of holiday cheer. The only one who seemed to be missing—besides Fleur and Bill, but most people were content to let the two over-amorous lovebirds spend the holiday elsewhere—was Severus. In her heart, Hermione knew that he wouldn't fit right in and laugh along with the rest of them the way she wanted to picture him, but it still felt like the scene was somehow incomplete without him.Sirius kept catching her eye over the course of the meal and she knew right away that he wanted to speak to her. It made her stomach twist in knots of dread because she still hadn't decided what she was going to say to the misguided son-of-a-bitch. He had been of the impression, before the incident, that she returned his… feelings… whatever they were. And when she had last seen him, she had just taken him up to Professor Dumbledore, presumably of her own free will. There was no telling what he would say to her when the time came. And she just wasn't ready for it.Pudding was served and the party slowly broke apart. Remus and Tonks said 'goodnight,' Madeye and Mr. Weasley began discussing the various suspect Ministry appointees, Mrs. Weasley was already lecturing the twins about behaving themselves this holiday, and Ginny was watching Harry and Ron play Wizard's Chess. She met Sirius's eye across the table and it suddenly seemed as if everything else was background noise. His focus was entirely on her and she knew what he was about to do. Dread and embarrassment leapt up into her throat and her cheeks caught fire as he stood from his place.She nearly stumbled over her chair in her haste to leave the room.









Chapter 47





Chapter Text

Dearest Hermione,

We have finally unpacked and made ourselves at home in the little cottage. It is a pretty place. Maybe before this War is over you will be able to visit and see for yourself. Our bedroom looks out on the sand dunes and the Sea. It is quiet, for the most part. Our housemates, Bill and Fleur, are very kind and keep mostly to themselves. I felt awful when I learned that they were newlyweds and we were tromping in on their peace and solitude. But Bill maintains that this house is a safehouse first and foremost, and they don't mind the company. I hope he's telling the truth.

We miss you, of course. I know you don't want to hear that. After all, we never see you this time of year anymore, anyway. But it is sad being without you at the holidays and now we are completely isolated. Of course, I don't blame you. I know that this is for our safety, but that does not put my mind at ease. I hate to imagine that you are out there, in danger, while we are safely tucked away in this little paradise. Will we be able to see you at all?

Don't be angry with me, but I worry about that professor of yours. I know that the two of you are keeping something from us, and I knew better than to try talking it out of you. But I worry that his intentions may not be entirely selfless. You are very smart, Hermione, and I do trust your judgment. In most cases. I only worry because I remember what it's like to be your age, and it must be a thousand times worse with a war going on around you. It concerns me that he called you by your first name. In your stories, it was always 'Miss Granger.' Of course, I can allow that he would not refer to you that way to your own parents, perhaps, only it seemed to come so naturally to him. You may scorn my words, Hermione, but I know you, and I was uncomfortable with the way the two of you moved around each other. You sat awfully close for a professor and a student, and you seemed to draw off of each other like a team.

One of the sacrifices we have had to make in sending you to boarding school is that we have not been as involved in your life as I would like. For one thing, we have never really discussed sex with you. I know you don't want to hear it and I know you are rolling your eyes at me, but there is no reason to be embarrassed. You are a maturing young woman and I am sure you are curious. But I just want you to be patient. Sex is not something to jump into lightly. I wish I were having this conversation with you in person. I would not consider myself a prude, and you know we don't hold you to any strict religious standpoint on the subject, but I do worry that you have been put into a position where you might feel pressured. I can tell that you have feelings for this professor of yours, and it is completely natural. You are of an age where your hormones are beginning to make themselves known and I know your curious mind is always impatient to learn new things.

But he is your Profess or, Hermione. You cannot forget that. It is easy to let such things fall by the way when there's a war at hand, but it does make a difference. He is far too old for you and far too cunning. That is not to say that you are not intelligent enough, my dear, but that men often take advantage of the naiveté of young women and I don't want that to happen to you. I know this from experience, Hermione, so I hope you will consider what I say. Please, do not get involved with your professor. Have patience. When this war is over, you will find a suitable young man who is your equal and who is worthy of you. I only want what is best for you, darling. I hope you understand that.

As always, with all my love, and Daddy's too,

Mum
Hermione stared down at the paper, horrified. Was it really that obvious? She groaned aloud and fell back against the mattress. "Merlin." Well, in any case, her fears were confirmed. Her mother believed exactly what Hermione had expected her to believe about Severus, and that was unlikely to change. Of course, when the War is over, everything will be different, she told herself. But was that really true? This War was just short of fantasy to her parents. It might as well not exist, but for the fear they felt for their daughter. Would anything really change when it was over?A sudden angry yell made Hermione jump out of bed, wand in hand. "Fred!" she heard Ron scream. "George! I'll kill you for this one!"She dashed out of her room and down the stairs to find Ron standing on the last step and a ring of Weasleys before him, laughing. "What happened?" she demanded."Hermione!" Ron saw her at last. "Thank the gods! You'll have to do it. You're the only girl here that isn't family.""Do what?" she muttered, confused."Ah Ronny," said one of the twins, "It figures you would be the first victim.""And a lively spectacle you're making of it, too.""We did say there'd be mischief.""But then again, there's always mischief with us, isn't there?""You really can't call yourself surprised."Ron's face was red with fury. "Take it down!""Not a chance." The twins answered together.Hermione followed their gaze to the ceiling and comprehension finally fell over her. Mistletoe. And not just any mistletoe; Fred-and-George-tampered mistletoe. Oh no. "I can't," she heard herself saying. "Let… I dunno… Ginny…""Are you crazy!? I'm not going to kiss my sister!""Ronald, you know I can't," she whispered."It's alright," George told her, "he can stay there for a bit.""Yeah," agreed Fred, "he could be a Christmas decoration with the red he's turning and that green sweater.""You're not really going to leave me here?" Ron met her eyes, and Hermione's heart sank. She supposed she really would have to kiss him, but it would only be a very little kiss. And anyway, Severus could hardly reproach her for that, especially considering the way he'd been treating her."Fine. Alright. I'll do it. But you lot have to go away first.""Not a chance," echoed the Weasley twins, folding their arms across their chest. Ginny grinned wickedly up at her and even Harry was content to watch, cruel satisfaction dancing on his lips.Hermione gave them each a hard glare, but realized that resistance was futile at this point. "Fine." Gathering her courage about her, she stepped under the mistletoe with Ron. In his eyes, she could see that he was already past panic and looking rather smug. This had better not be a set up. Finally, taking a deep breath, she reached up on her tiptoes and planted a light kiss against his mouth. The magic released them immediately and they stumbled off the stair. But other than that, she felt nothing.The group cheered as Hermione wiped her mouth off on her sleeve and Ron looked somehow triumphant. She glared at him. Didn't he recall Severus's reaction the last time he'd suspected something between the two of them?The group began to head toward the kitchen and Hermione followed. But just as she was about to cross over the threshold, Sirius Black emerged. Her heart leapt up into her throat at his sudden appearance and then sank with dread as he put a hand on her shoulder. "Hermione," he said, "may I have a word?"Damn. She'd been avoiding him for days; fairly successfully, too. But he was determined. Oh gods, she didn't know what to say to him. She wasn't ready for this. "S-Sure…" she heard herself answer, for want of any excuse. He smiled down at her; a warm smile that made her sad somehow.Sirius led her into the Study and closed the door, warding it behind them. Even that was enough to put Hermione on edge, but she felt safer for having her wand. "I'm sure you can imagine what this is about," he remarked drily in an attempt at humor. She didn't as much as smile. "Look," he began again, gesturing for them to sit down on the long couch, "I just want you to know that I don't blame you at all for turning me in to Albus." What? "I feel terrible about… what happened. And I want to apologize to you. There is no excuse for what I did. But I do want to explain myself because I'd hate for you to go on thinking that I simply took advantage of you. Which I did," he hastened to clarify in answer to her raised eyebrow. "But… I just want you to understand."He took a deep breath, seeming to brace himself for what he had to say. "I've thought a lot about that morning and what went wrong. And my first error was in forgetting how young and inexperienced you are. It is hard for me, having been shut away for more than a decade, to remember how innocent you lot are. And that I am not really part of your little group. Hell, I still call Harry 'James' from time to time." He laughed softly and some of the tension seemed to ease from his shoulders. "But that is still no excuse. No excuse at all. I wanted to treat you right and show you what a beautiful experience sex can be, but that all went out the window when you started moaning into my mouth. Merlin, I can't imagine how I must have scared you. I completely lost control, partially because I never expected anything to happen at all. It had been over a decade since I'd had any… contact… with a woman… at all. And even now, I'm locked away, with Tonks as my only regular female visitor, and she's my cousin. And anyway, you are a very attractive young woman, and so smart that it's easy to forget how young you are.""Even if I were older, you should have backed away the moment I told you to stop."Sirius blanched. "Yes, I know. I know. You're right. I know I should have. It was just… I was… incoherent… and the night before... you seemed so affectionate. You didn't push me away when I touched you. And when I woke up with you in my arms, I just… It was like sensory overload. I never should have kissed you." There was an awkward moment in which Hermione was not sure how to respond. "But then you kissed me back. And you… well you were… quite enthusiastic. You seemed so… eager." The flash of lust in his eyes made Hermione shiver."Sirius…" she hesitated, unsure of what to say. "I wasn't even fully awake, yet.""I know, but it wasn't as if you were asleep. I mean… Hermione… you were… very actively involved with what was going on."Hermione huffed in frustration. "I realize that. But I hadn't even registered… what was going on… I mean I still sort of thought it was a dream.""Do you usually have such vivid dreams?" His voice was part skepticism, part vulgar curiosity."I… not exactly…"Sirius scoffed disbelievingly. "Anyway, I was so overwhelmed and completely convinced that you were eager to… reciprocate… and again, not even thinking about how young and innocent you are… that I just… lost control. But Hermione, I really am truly sorry. I have wished that I could take it back, because I hate to think that I have hurt you, somehow. You know, Harry isn't the only one of you I care about. And especially after everything you've done for me… I owe you my life, Hermione. It kills me to think I may have… broken our friendship, as it were."Hermione let out a frustrated sigh. "Don't think that, Sirius." That was not what she wanted. And having heard his apology, she realized that she would be able to forgive the old Marauder, given everything they'd been through. He was a good man, at the end of the day, and it could have been far worse, after all. "I am glad that you apologized. I do understand why you did what you did, but I am glad that you recognize now that it was still wrong.""Yes. I do. I really, really do."She sighed again. An apology didn't erase the fact that it had happened, but she did feel better knowing that he realized his mistake. "Good," she told him, wearily. "Then I really think I would prefer for us just to put this whole thing behind us."Sirius let out a relieved breath and smiled down at her. "Thank you," he told her, affectionately. "You are remarkably mature for your age, you know."She just smiled back, unsure how to respond."Perhaps we should return to the others." Sirius stood with a grunt and held out a hand to help Hermione to her feet. "Do you suppose a hug would be inappropriate?"Hermione hesitated, glancing between his welcoming arms. Maybe it would do no harm. "I suppose not," she told him, stepping into his embrace. There was something so avuncular about the gesture that the rest of Hermione's doubts fell away. He simply cared about her. And, truth be told, she cared about him too.…*~*J*~*…"Yaxley's appointment is certainly a bad omen.""A bad omen?" Severus glared his frustration at Albus. "If this were a Chess match, our King would be in Check.""Oh, I do not think it is as serious as that, Severus. He is only the Head of Magical Law Enforcement, after all. As long as our Minister is merely Imperiused and not truly a follower of Voldemort, there is hope for the recovery of our government."Severus pinched the bridge of his nose. "Might I ask how exactly we are planning to accomplish that?""By destroying Voldemort. Of course." He wished the old man would stop using that name."It is heartening to see that we have a plan.""There is enough negativity in this world, Severus, without your bitter assessments." The Headmaster peered over his eyeglasses at the younger man with something akin to accusation glittering in his eyes. "I have dispatched Hagrid to reunite with his kin and Horace has promised to put me in touch with the Vampires, but Remus insists he has made no progress with the Werewolves and Firenze tells me that the Centaurs are not likely to choose sides.""So we're assembling an army. It will not be enough, Albus, you know that. What are we doing to prepare the boy? And what of—Granger? Clearly she has some part to play as well. We need to discover what exactly that might be.""I understand your concern, Severus, but we are doing all we can. In the meantime, it would be best if you used this holiday to distance yourself from the girl. Perhaps that will help you to remember that she is not our Cause, and sometimes what you want is not necessarily the best overall."…*~*J*~*…It was getting dark when Severus emerged from the Headmaster's office, fuming with barely-constricted rage. Clearly it wasn't enough that he risked his life for the Order every day. No, he must needs sacrifice his every joy to the Cause, and be interrogated along the way. Was his dedication not obvious enough as it was?His nearly silent footfalls were consumed by the aching emptiness of the castle as he swept away in anger. Suddenly the solitude was stifling. All the vast hollow halls of Hogwarts could not liberate him from the fire of his fury and he found himself desperate for freedom. So he took a different turn toward a familiar escape and soon burst forth into the gusty evening air atop the Astronomy Tower.But he was not alone. No sooner had he taken much needed gulps of air than a head of blonde hair suddenly appeared in his peripheral. "Miss Lovegood," he blurted out, taken off guard, "shouldn't you be headed back to your Common Room by now? It's nearly curfew."The petite blonde brought her eye from the telescope she had been using and looked at her Professor. "Sorry, sir," she told him, dreamily, "I wasn't looking at a clock. Time has a funny way of changing, doesn't it?"Severus was not sure what to say, but the girl had a knack for making him uncomfortably off balance. "One would think you might notice the lateness of the hour, given that you were staring into the darkening sky.""One would think," she agreed. "But it's like my Mum always used to say, sometimes it's hardest to see what's right in front of us. Your nose for instance.""My… nose?" He was immediately alerted to a possible offense."Yes. You can always see it, you know. Only, you usually don't."Oh. "I see.""Sometimes you need a little help." She turned back toward the telescope and brought it to her eye. "They use mirrors, you know. The telescopes." Huh?"It's funny isn't it? The thing we use to look at planets that are very far away is the same as the one we use to look at our own faces. As the Universe, so the Soul." She stepped down and smiled up at him. "And we wouldn't be able to see either one of them without it."…*~*J*~*…Hermione stared across the room where a cauldron of Wolfsbane once sat steaming on the dresser. Severus had slept here the morning after Halloween, she recalled. She'd seen it in his memories. Why had he chosen this room, when he had a bedroom of his own here? Perhaps it was only to avoid dragging himself up three more flights of stairs. Or perhaps…Ginny had asked her to move into this room for the night, so that she could be with Harry. To be honest, Hermione was happy to have an excuse to do so. She preferred the solitude, but she also took comfort from the memory of Severus brewing potions in here. It was almost as if this was their room.But he wasn't here.Sighing deeply, Hermione pulled herself out of bed and made her way down to the kitchen. It was early; too early for the peaceful inhabitants of Grimmauld Place to be waking. But Hermione had always been a restless soul. She was cracking eggs into a frying pan when a soft "Morning," met her ears. She had not heard him come in."Good morning," she returned sleepily. Harry poured himself a glass of pumpkin juice and took a place at the table facing the stove. "Couldn't sleep?""Nightmares," he admitted after a fractional hesitation.Hermione looked around in time to see him rubbing his scar. "What about?"It was immediately apparent that he did not want to tell her."Come on, Harry," she encouraged softly, starting a pot of water for tea, "you don't need to keep all of that to yourself, you know. We're a team.""I know." He sighed with deep frustration. "Right, well, it was about Voldemort. Actually, it was about the first time I saw him; in the Mirror of Erised. Only, then I was looking through his eyes into the Mirror. And I wasn't in it anymore." He paused in thought and met her eyes. "He saw me gone."Hermione hid her concern by turning back to the eggs she was tending, but his words struck a chord somewhere deep inside her. It felt like fear."Actually, Hermione," he began again, after a moment, "I've been wanting to talk to you about something. It's hard to get a moment alone here. I noticed you stopped avoiding Sirius."Hermione spun around to face her friend in surprise. "What—what do you mean?"He only smirked half-heartedly up at her. "You know, I haven't forgotten that comment you made about sleeping with him. Ginny told us that you only meant you had fallen asleep together, but that's not really the whole truth, is it?"There was a moment of silence in which Harry stared at her accusingly and Hermione tried not to give anything away as she sought an answer to his impossible question. "I-I haven't had sex with him, if that's what you mean." She waited for him to respond, but he kept his penetrating gaze focused on her in silence. "It-it is true that he fell asleep with me. It was a complete accident." Oh gods, she really didn't want him to know the full story. Sirius was something of a role model for Harry, and his only family. Much as the man deserved it, she couldn't bring herself to be the one to snatch off Harry's rose-colored glasses and show him that his godfather wasn't perfect.Just then, the door burst open and two bedraggled Weasley twins immediately filled the little room with their chatter."We're bound to get somebody.""D'you reckon it'll be the whole Order, or just a few?""Even if it's not, the ones that matter will come for sure.""The ones that matter to you. I want to see somebody kiss Snape."Harry snorted pumpkin juice all over the table, causing a round of ruckus laughter from the other boys."See? Harry here thinks it's funny.""Oi, Hermione, are you going to be the one to kiss him, too?" George buckled over in fits of giggles as Fred swaggered over to her side."No, Hermione's already got herself somebody, isn't that so?"His words made her heart leap up into her throat with panic and she didn't know how to respond. "W-what?""Ooohoo," George chuckled, "is it supposed to be a secret?""We aren't as dumb as we look.""We catch onto certain… things.""Like… why is it you couldn't kiss Ronnikins?""You told him yourself that he knew why you couldn't.""Yeah, so unless you've got some sort of allergy to men…""Which we know you don't, since you kissed our brother…""Which, come to think of it, doesn't actually rule that out…""You must've got yourself a boyfriend.""I do not have a boyfriend," Hermione reassured them."Well then, I hope you have a really good excuse, because otherwise… we're not buying it."Just then, Mrs. Weasley burst through the door and all talk of boyfriends dissolved into one little whispered 'We'll talk later.'…*~*J*~*…Severus hated to admit that he was looking forward to the Order meeting, if only for the chance to see Granger. But it was true. They'd only been apart about a week, but already her absence had become tangible. It was remarkable what a difference one girl could make in the life of a sour old Potions Master. And yet, he'd never underestimate Hermione's power over anything where he was concerned. He imagined the look on her face when she saw him; imagined getting her alone and holding her tight against him. Not in any sort of perverted way, although he did have to admit to latent sexual energy devoted to the girl regardless of his repression. Honestly, he just wanted to hold her close and know that she was safe and in his arms. He never wanted to let her go.…*~*J*~*…Hermione had been sitting on the steps that led down to the basement kitchen for three quarters of an hour, and still no sign of him. The Trio had been excluded, naturally, but she would be damned if she'd miss Severus's visit entirely.In her earlier years, Hermione had discovered that spending time with the Weasleys inevitably made her miss her own family. The cheery and loving atmosphere was almost stifling, and though she was always included, Hermione always longed for more. Her parents had never been as ostentatious in their affection, but she always knew it to be sincere and as deeply rooted as one could possibly ask for. It was for that reason that she began to crave their company every holiday she spent in the Wizarding World.But this year was different. She missed her parents, to be sure, but there was something different. Spending time with her friends had been lovely, of course, but she felt incomplete, as she used to feel. This time, however, she longed for the company of someone entirely different. To be honest, she felt alone without him.Suddenly, the door banged open, and Hermione jumped to her feet as Order members began lazily filtering out of the kitchen. She was two feet away from the door when Severus emerged, meeting her eye for a fraction of a second. And then he was gone, sweeping down the hallway before she could as much as call his name.And the door to Grimmauld Place opened and closed. And that was that. She was alone, once more.









Chapter 48





Chapter Text
The End. That was his goal. To his left was the Light. To his right was the Darkness. And all he had to do was keep his balance on the narrow path until he reached the end.But that was all he could see; staring straight ahead at that ultimate goal; the only thing that gave him hope. It didn't matter what happened when he reached that end. It would all be over. He would finally be able to rest.But the streaming light on his left seemed to push him away and the darkness seemed to pull him towards it. And he soon became disoriented and unsure which way was up and down. He began to stagger, losing his balance. But just as his weight left his feet and his arms flailed helplessly, his focus on the end finally broke. And he saw her there beside him, glowing faintly. Reaching for him with a secret smile.He reached for her. And she pulled him back onto the path.And they continued on together, hand in hand.Finally, he felt grounded.And he knew he would not fall.…*~*J*~*…
Dear Mum,
Hermione stared down at those two words; her mind as blank as the parchment. Reluctantly, she dipped her quill in the ink well.
I am glad to hear that you like the house. Bill and Fleur are really nice.
She scoffed down at the parchment and promptly smashed it into a ball, tossing it into the bin with the others.
Dear Mum,
She cracked her knuckles and let out a long sigh.
Thank you for being so understanding about this difficult situation. I know it was really short notice, but it really is for the best. It sounds like he found a nice place for you to stay, though, so that is a positive I suppose.
Hermione took a deep breath. Well, that was the easy part. "Now I just have to reassure her that she's completely wrong about everything she got completely right. No problem." She chewed her lip for a minute before putting her quill back to the paper.
I know that you want what is best for me, Mum, and I appreciate your advice. Professor Snape and I are partners, of a sort. Believe me, neither of us chose to be paired together, but it has turned out better than I imagined. There are a lot of things that I cannot tell you because of strict (and magically enforced) confidentiality, but I have every reason to believe that he has no malicious intentions towards me. He has shown me a great deal of respect since we began working together, and it was actually his idea to send you into hiding. He had reason to believe you were in danger.

Do not worry about me, Mum. My first priority is the War and the survival of my loved ones. My second is school and my upcoming N.E.W.T.S. I have no time to pursue anyone romantically or welcome any more complications into my life. Besides, you know how I feel about rule-breaking.
She supposed it was pointless to deny having feelings for Severus. Her mother knew her far too well.
I will ask about possibly visiting you, but I cannot promise that they will let me. It is complicated. Please try to enjoy your stay there, though. It sounds really nice. Just look at it like a long vacation.

All my love,

Hermione.
…*~*J*~*…Severus methodically chopped the sausages with his fork until they were tiny little pieces and then listlessly stirred them into his eggs, more concerned with distributing them evenly than with actually eating his breakfast. He had never really gotten into the holiday spirit, so to say, but he used to enjoy the peace and quiet that came with the departure of 95% of the student population. This year, however, it was different. Something was wrong. The solitude felt heavy as if something were dragging him down and siphoning away his spirit.Not that he worried about such things as spirits."Are you breaking your fast or brewing a potion?" Minerva's knowing eyes met his and he set his fork down in defiance."I've had enough of these Hogwarts sausages to last me a lifetime," he returned with disdain.Her answering smile unnerved him. "I quite agree with you, Severus. And these eggs cannot compare to, say, Molly Weasley's, for example."Severus narrowed his eyes at the older woman. He'd been a spy too long not to sense her trap. "Is that so?""Oh, Severus, relax," she teased, batting his arm. "Do you truly suppose that I am so far out of the loop?" A glance down the table assured him that no one was close enough to overhear their conversation. As usual, Albus had felt the need to bring everyone (teachers and dunderheads alike) together at one big table in the middle of the Great Hall. Thankfully, however, most Hogwarts residents liked to sleep in during their holiday. Of course, Severus would have slept later, himself, but he hadn't been able to get back to sleep after the eerie dream he'd had last night."I didn't realize you and the Weasley Matriarch were such close acquaintances.""Don't be daft. Naturally, we've had correspondence over the years. After all, every one of her children has been in my House. The twins alone were reason enough to confer with her. She makes a delicious apple tart." She paused, her eyes slanting to his. "I imagine Grimmauld Place will be full of desserts."Severus was momentarily taken aback, and then suspicious. "Tell me, Minerva, are you harboring some holiday nostalgia? Do you really think that pushing me into that dingy doghouse with Black at Christmas will give me a chance to make amends?"She had the nerve to laugh at that. "Don't be ridiculous.""Well, I can see no other reason for your unsubtle hints in that direction."Minerva suddenly became very serious and met his eye. "Can't you?"He didn't know how to answer that."Severus," she began again, hesitantly, "you are unhappy."Severus snorted ironically."Don't you undermine me, Severus Snape. Do you honestly believe that I do not know what is happening? That Albus has not felt the need to fill me in?"Severus's patience was wearing thin. "To what, precisely, are you referring, Minerva?" he growled.Apparently, the older witch's patience was equally depleted, if the sudden set of her jaw was any indication. "I am referring…" she huffed, "to Hermione Granger."
What.
When he did not respond, his colleague placed a hand on his wrist. "Severus," she implored gently as he snatched his arm away, "You may think I'm not exactly the voice of experience, when it comes to love." Love?! Bloody hell! "But I assure you, my experience is the reason I felt I must speak with you about her. Love is a terrible thing to lose. Cherish it. As long as you have it. Circumstances may be difficult, but if you can overcome them, you must find a way to do so."The practiced spy could only stare agape at the woman seated next to him. For once, he was completely caught off guard."You should not be alone this holiday, Severus," Minerva told him. "We are at war." She patted him on the wrist again as she stood to leave. "And time is precious."…*~*J*~*…
The contract may be transferred to another by means of a complex ceremonial procedure (description below). The cost may be determined by the two negotiating parties completely independent of the original payment. However, a slave wishing to purchase his or her freedom must pay the original price.
Hermione stared down at the page. Using her word search spell, she'd found a section describing her own Curse in a book about magical contracts. Until now, she'd been convinced that defeating the dark lord would free her. This new information came as a dull, heavy shock. If that was the case, she would never be free. The original price had been her life."Hey!"Hermione's head jerked up at Tonks' voice out in the hallway. She'd been waiting for the other witch all day."What's the meaning of this?"Sticking her head out of the library, Hermione saw that Tonks had been snared by another of Fred and George's Mischievous Mistletoes and was currently engaged in an epic struggle with the magical bonds gluing her feet to the floor."Well, this is a new one, no denying. Though, it usually is my feet that cause the trouble.""Tonks!" Ginny laughed, stopping herself from running to the pink-haired witch. "Uh oh, Fred! George! You're in for it, now!""Shoulda known this was their doing," Tonks said, twisting her torso the best she could to look at the others. Hermione wondered how she'd gotten stuck facing toward the door, if she'd just arrived.Just then, Fred and George barreled into the hallway, laughing. Ron and Harry were right behind them. "Tonks!""Tripped into our trap, have you?""Well that's one accident that won't land you on your arse.""Depending who you kiss, of course."Tonks smirked deviously at them. "Remus is going to murder the two of you. You're lucky it's his time of the month, or I'd bring him with me to dinner tonight." She raised an eyebrow in reproach, before allowing her devious smirk to return. "Right then, over here, one of you, and pucker up."Fred and George immediately turned toward each other and held out their fists. "Cauldron, parchment, sword," they said together."Damn," George groaned as Fred swaggered over to Tonks."Alright," she told him, 'but you've got to close your eyes." And as he did so, her mouth became a pig snout and she gave him a sloppy nuzzle before he yelped and jerked away. The others burst into laughter as poor Fred wiped his mouth off and Tonks happily stepped free of the twins' trap. "Thought you were the only sneaky devils 'round here?" She shook her head and made for the exit. "Well, I'd best be going. Just had to make a delivery, but I've got more errands to run before they let me eat. See you in a bit.""Wait!" Hermione hurried to her side, withdrawing the letter she had written to her mother. "I was hoping you could give this to my mom when you see her next," she said in a whisper. "And don't let my dad see.""A-okay," Tonks told her with a smile, "That's my next stop, as it happens.""Thank you so much.""No problemo. See you at dinner." Facing the others, Tonks waved enthusiastically before winking at Hermione and turning back toward the door. She made it three more stepped before it flew open with a bang and Severus Snape stood there in the doorway. There may have been a collective gasp. Or it may have only been Hermione. But suddenly her heart was pounding hard in her throat and she met his eye."You're late, Snape," Tonks told him, after a moment. "Two minutes earlier and you coulda kissed me."Severus's lip turned up in cruel disdain. "How very unfortunate," he drawled. Hermione was frozen to the spot, suddenly noticing a suitcase in his hand. She couldn't breathe.For an awkward moment, everything seemed to stand still. Then Tonks stepped aside, gesturing for the tall wizard to pass, and Severus gave her the tiniest nod as he did so, sweeping past Hermione and the others and ascending the stairs before Tonks had even turned to leave. "Welp," she said, breaking the awkward silence, "better be off. See you at dinner." With that, she spun around and promptly tripped over the umbrella stand and right out the door. "I'm okay!" she shouted as an afterthought before the door closed behind her."Whatya reckon Snape's doing here," George asked."Suitcase and everything," Fred added.Hermione was silent, but felt the solid weight of her friends' gaze on her as she hoped she knew exactly why he'd come.…*~*J*~*…"What am I doing?" Severus paced the little room on the third floor. This had been a huge mistake. He didn't belong here. He wasn't part of this group. He was an outsider. And the only reason he had come here at all had been for her.Hermione. Oh gods. She looked so beautiful, even in a simple jumper and Muggle jeans, with her riotous curls dancing about in disarray and those perfect lips parted in sudden shock."Ridiculous!" She was a schoolgirl and her feelings for him did not change that fact. Nor did it redeem his actions when it was obvious that he was nothing more than a desperate old man, clinging to the one person who had ever shown him human affection (or at least, in the past twenty years).But that wasn't true. She wasn't the only person in the world who cared for him. Minerva had shown him affection just that morning, and several of the other Hogwarts professors would likely call themselves his friends. And it wasn't just the fact that she was young and beautiful. After all, as Miss Parkinson had proved, there were young and beautiful women out there who would make themselves available to him if that was what he wanted. So, was this just the combination of the two? Was she merely a friend who showed him deep affection and gratified his sexual desires?No.Hermione Granger was much more than that and the mere suggestion repulsed him. He was letting the conversation with her parents bother him far too much. And he'd told himself all of this several times already. But seeing her with her little friends made him feel so out of place, and Severus had to convince himself once more that this was what he wanted. Determined, once again, he pushed open the door to his bedroom and flew down the stairs.He found them in the kitchen, picking at a plate of tarts. Severus immediately remembered Minerva's comment about Molly's tarts and had a sudden desire to taste one, purely out of curiosity. Only, the plate of tarts somehow seemed out of reach, as if they weren't his to try."I am sure you are all wondering why I am here," he began in his most authoritative tone. Potter and the four Weasleys simply stared up at him, chewing. But Hermione seemed intent on catching his eye; the intensity of her gaze apparent even from his peripheral. "Loathe as I am to disturb your holiday with lessons, I am of the audacious opinion that furthering your Occlumency training is of greater import than growing fat on Christmas treats." Potter and his favorite Weasley boy exchanged a look, and Severus was afraid even to see Hermione's reaction. "Come," he told them, "we will begin at once.""Now?" Weasley sputtered around the tart he'd just stuffed into his mouth."Did you have some prior engagement?" Severus countered. The boys looked at each other in terror before turning back to him with no defense. "Yes, now. You've wasted enough of my time."…*~*J*~*…Hermione headed determinedly toward the stairs; then turned at the last moment, full of doubt. Their Occlumency lesson had been brutal. None of them had done their meditations and all of them had been caught off guard. Luckily, Severus hadn't seen Hermione's memory of her mother's letter. That would have been devastating. I should go to him, she told herself again, turning back towards the stairs. But what will I say? She turned away again. I could show him the book I found. That was a perfect excuse! And Hermione seized onto it and darted toward the stairs. But… she hesitated, that's not likely to put him in a good mood. Hermione bit her lip and headed away from the stairs once more. I'll see him at dinner, anyway, she thought. But I won't be able to talk to him, alone. We really ought to talk this out. Decided, she turned back to the stairs and marched stubbornly towards them."Hermione," Harry's voice called softly.With a sigh, she halted her steps and turned to the boy, ignoring the look of contrition upon his face. "What?" she demanded. It was clear from his shy expression that he knew what she was up to, but he made no mention of it."Dinner's ready," he told her. "I'm supposed to tell Snape, too, but… maybe you want to do that, instead?"Hermione blinked at him. "Sure," she told him, the bluster gone from her tone, and he gave her shoulder a squeeze before heading back down to the kitchen.Hermione took a deep breath and turned finally to climb the stairs.She stared at his door for a long moment, wondering if he would treat her differently once they were alone, and fearing that he would not. Stuffing away her doubts, Hermione raised her fist and knocked."What?" his angry voice rang out.Hermione was suddenly very glad she hadn't come just to talk to him. "Dinner's ready," she murmured through the door, sliding her finger along the crack and imagining the man on the other side.The door opened abruptly and Hermione took a step backward in surprise. "Oh," was all he said.For a long moment, the two studied each other in silence. Something needed to be said, but neither seemed sure how to proceed. Then, suddenly, Hermione was overcome with happiness just to have him there with her again. It had been creeping up on her all day, but now that they were alone, her loneliness seemed to be lifted away. And before she knew what she was doing, she'd closed the distance between them and slipped her arms around his waist. He stumbled backwards, clutching onto her in surprise, but responded with nothing more than a gasp of shock. "I missed you," she told him sincerely, pressing her cheek against his chest. And there was a long moment in which he seemed like to pull away, but she refused to let him.Then, in a breath, his arms were tight around her; one twisting in her hair, the other curving around her waist and crushing her against his powerful frame. But the strength in his embrace was at odds with the tenderness with which his fingers stroked her scalp. And she felt his nose nuzzle into her hair, breathing in her scent. "Hermione," he moaned softly and she whimpered, turning her face to his. There was such depth of feeling in those dark eyes, and Hermione felt herself melting against him as, with smoldering reverence, he brought his lips to her forehead. She had never felt so cherished."Oh. Sorry."The pair immediately broke apart in shock and spun around to see Ron Weasley at the top of the stairs. The air itself seemed to freeze as they all calculated each others' responses, and nobody seemed to move."Did you have news to impart?" Severus asked the boy in his most derisive tone."I…Um," Ron sputtered, "dinner's ready… We've been waiting."...*~*J*~*…Remus Lupin's absence had thrown off the regular seating arrangements, leaving Hermione awkwardly placed between Ron and Severus. Sirius had taken his usual place at the head of the table, with Harry and Ginny to his right, but Mr. Weasley had taken Remus's place to his left and Mrs. Weasley sat next to him. Ron was beside his sister and across from Tonks. Fred and George had taken their places next to the metamorphmagus (and who knows what they might have been plotting with that move). And that left Hermione squished between Severus and Ron and across from the too-keen twins.Ron's interruption earlier had undone all of the good Hermione had accomplished with her bold step into Severus's arms. The man was just as moody and aloof as ever, responding to any comments with the barest noncommittal grunts he could muster. It was infuriating.It was for this reason that she got the idea to see just how far she could push him with the Weasley twins there to discourage any outward reaction. She began very simply, by bumping her knee against his. He stilled immediately, but only for the barest instant. Then, he was attacking his potatoes with the same calculated disinterest as before, and she might have imagined his reaction entirely.She brought her knee back to his and rubbed it up and down in a lazy, sensual gesture. Severus cleared his throat and rolled his shoulders, subtly bumping her with his elbow in a not-so-subtle hint to cease and desist. She couldn't help the wide smirk that spread across her face when he crossed his legs, effectively taking his knee out of her reach. Well, two could play at that game.Slowly, carefully, she slid her left foot out of her shoe and crossed her legs. Focusing very hard on finishing the last of her buttered bread, she brought her toes to the inside of his right ankle and slowly trailed a line up his calf. When she reached his inner thigh, he knocked her away by uncrossing his legs and met her eye with a sharp glare. She covered her laugh with a cough, but the others didn't seem to have noticed. They were all intently listening to Tonks as she relayed a personal account of Auror training that Hermione was sure must be hilarious. She didn't care. She took advantage of their distraction to boldly uncross her legs and swing the right one over Severus's knee. His nearly silent intake of breath was worth every effort she had made thus far, as she could tell that she had finally broken through his shield."Stop," he told her in a low voice that drew no attention. Before she could even register surprise or annoyance at that response, her leg had returned to its original position beside the other, where it belonged. For a moment, she believed he hadn't meant to command her, but as the silence drew longer, she knew that wasn't true. The gentle clicking of his fork against the porcelain dish was cruel disinterest. And she resented the casual way with which he threw her off. Why was he ruining this? Why was he being so cold toward her? And how could she make it stop?…*~*J*~*…That night, Hermione couldn't seem to get comfortable in her little bed. The memories of him were so much more vivid while he was in this very house. It would be so easy to creep out of bed and go to him. Imagining that, she realized that she had never seen the inside of his bedroom, here. They had always met here, in the room she now occupied. And it was here that he first came to her.She rolled onto her back, remembering his hesitance that first time. They had both been so nervous, but she hadn't realized until later just how much he'd hated himself for it. Maybe he'd never quite gotten over that.Hermione rubbed her knees together. She couldn't sleep. Her body was humming with energy at the mere thought of his proximity. Somehow, she knew that only he could help her find peace.Maybe I should go to him. It was tempting. But then she remembered how he had answered her earlier; angrily. And then he had held her close and kissed her on the forehead. And wasn't that worth the risk that he would be mean?But then… what if he was asleep? Severus Snape was a busy man, and stressed out enough as it was. He needed his sleep, and it was selfish of her to want to take it away from him. Then again… she did have a nifty ring that let her send him messages. She could just send him one itsy, bitsy message.
Are you asleep?
Sudden excitement coursed through her veins, making her back arch against the mattress with impatient enthusiasm. Her heart fluttered desperately in her chest as she waited for his response.And waited for his response.And waited for his response.Maybe he would surprise her and just come straight down to her bedroom. Maybe he would throw open the door and cover her with his enormous frame. She clung to that image and slipped a hand between her legs, rubbing away the tension that was building there. Severus knew how to coax that tension into flames and have it explode. He was an artist with his hands. But Hermione had no experience bringing herself to orgasm, and her clumsy fumbling between her legs did nothing to assuage her increasing frustration.She was helpless without him.









Chapter 49





Chapter Text
When Severus finally decided that he could not hide away in his room any longer, the only person left in the basement kitchen was Black. His immediate reaction was the familiar twisting dread of being cornered alone with his arch nemesis, but then he remembered the memory he'd seen in Hermione's mind and rage welled up inside him.But he could not attack Black. He had no excuse without exposing his connection to the girl and he'd be damned if he'd open that topic up for the ex-con's scrutiny. Fuck! The man deserved to be beaten senseless for what he'd done to Hermione. He deserved to die.And if Black ever gave him a reason, he'd be happy to oblige.Instead, he merely poured himself a mug of tea and filled a plate with cold leftovers, seating himself at the opposite end of the table from the mutt and withdrawing a parchment, quill and ink. He was so absorbed with his scribbling that he did not immediately notice her arrival."Hermione!" Black exclaimed, causing Severus's head to snap up to the girl in the doorway."Morning Sirius," she murmured sleepily, skirting her way around the table to the stove as the other man made as if to go to her. "Morning, Professor." She was wearing a soft, Muggle tee and sweat pants of a sort beneath a scarlet dressing gown, and it was all too apparent that she had not bothered wearing undergarments. Severus felt himself immediately grow hard and anger filled him at the thought that Black was likely having a similar reaction."Miss Granger," he acknowledged in a sour voice as she slipped out of her dressing gown and draped it over the chair across from him. "Are you not cold?" He gestured to her bare feet, but the question was actually prompted by the sharp points of her nipples pressing through the thin fabric of her night shirt.She gave him a funny look. "It feels pretty toasty in here to me."He met her eyes and watched with satisfaction as her face flushed. Ah. So that was it. Severus adjusted his position, now quite uncomfortably erect. Perhaps he should have responded to her message the night before.As Hermione filled a plate with food, Severus caught himself staring at her and turned, abashed, only to see Black gaping equally intently at the soft swell of her little arse. He bit back a growl. When the girl set her plate directly across from him, he felt a flash of triumph and glanced at the head of the table to see Black's reaction. But the man was far too busy staring at Hermione's pert breasts to register the slight. Severus glared. "Put your robe back on," he told her in a low growl, and though she glared at him in vexation, she did not hesitate to obey."What are you writing?" she asked when he returned his attention to the parchment, satisfied that Black could no longer see her soft, young body."Instructions."She huffed impatiently and he had to suppress a smirk. "Instructions for what?"He met her gaze intently. "Wolfsbane."Her little mouth fell open in shock. "You're writing it out from memory?" He did not dignify that question with a response, choosing instead to turn back to his writing with a sneer. "But if you know it from memory," she began again in a hesitant voice, seeming to understand at last, "why do you need to write it down?"He looked up at her again, relishing this moment of holding exciting information just out of her reach. "For you, of course."The girl practically lit up with excitement. "You're going to teach me to brew Wolfsbane!?""Obviously." And she was probably the only person he knew who would be excited by that.Hermione took her now empty plate to the sink and moved to sit beside him, sipping her tea and staring down at the instructions as he wrote them. Her nearness made his concentration waver. He could smell her shampoo and the scent of sleep on her skin as the warmth of her soft body fell hot against his woolen clothes. Her legs were beneath her in the chair and she leant forward, uncomfortably close. The muscles in his arms weren't the only parts of him to tense at her nearness. But he continued to write, never once allowing such weakness to be seen."Why is it that sometimes a potion is stirred clockwise and sometimes counter-clockwise?" she asked him, pointing to the parchment. "And why is it sometimes you add one stir in the opposite direction?""A good question." He was rewarded for his praise with a beautiful smile that made his heart leap up into his throat, and he had to swallow before he could continue. "Traditionally, counter-clockwise stirring has been reserved for dark magic or potions that involve dark ingredients. Aconite, for example, is a poison. Clockwise stirring is the default for harmless ingredients. Although, I must add that there have been studies attempting to disprove this distinction (asserting that the choice in direction is based only in tradition with no true magical correlation), but no findings have been conclusive thus far."As for adding a stir in the opposite direction; I have found that many potions may be improved by doing this. Here, let me show you why." With a lazy gesture of his hand, a clear glass drifted over to the table and he filled it at once with cool water. Then, Summoning the sugar dish and a spoon, he poured a generous amount of sugar into the glass and began to stir it slowly clockwise. "Do you see how the sugar begins to swirl together at the bottom? The sugar particles conform to the repetition due to the Physics principle of Inertia. Over time, they will dissolve into the solution this way, but it is far more effective to isolate them, exposing more of their individual surface area. Watch." One counter-clockwise stir shook the surface of the water as the swirling sugar exploded in a puff, dancing chaotically within the solution. Then, separated and vulnerable, when he began to stir clockwise again, the sugar disappeared."Brilliant," she whispered in such a breathy voice that the cavity of Severus's chest swelled with pride. "That is so perfectly logical. It's such a simple solution."Severus smirked over at her. "It is the very definition of a simple solution," he said, clinking the spoon against the glass. Her answering laughter made his chest warm. How remarkable it was to have someone there who understood his jokes.A groan of boredom interrupted their jesting as Black pulled himself out of his seat and cracked his back before swaggering out of the room. They watched him go, suddenly very aware that they were finally alone together, and it was with a mixture of reluctance and excitement that Severus turned back to Hermione.She took a deep breath and he knew that this was it. The conversation he had been avoiding for weeks was on the verge of bursting from her lips. "Severus," she began in the softest, sweetest voice, and with the sound of his name on her lips all of his dread fled from him in a breath. It was foolish for him to distance himself from Hermione. She wasn't some naïve schoolgirl helplessly in love with the first man to show her physical pleasure. She was a brilliant, complex, mature, beautiful woman.She was his partner.Just then, the kitchen door swung open and Albus Dumbledore was there. Oh bloody buggering bollocks, could he not catch a break?"Severus," the old man began in an icily polite tone. "Miss Granger," he nodded to the girl who seemed just as guiltily thrown off guard, "I wonder if I might have a moment alone with your… professor."Hermione was out of her chair in a heartbeat, scattered like sugar beneath the Headmaster's powerful, accusing gaze. "Certainly, Professor," she told him in a soft voice that would have seemed meek if not for the stubborn defiance in her cinnamon eyes.The two men watched the girl leave; then Albus closed and warded the door behind her. "I have been searching everywhere for you." His accusation was clear."I told Minerva where I'd be.""Ah, but you neglected to inform me.""You were preoccupied with more important matters than worrying where I spent my holiday.""In a game of chess, one does not simply misplace his bishop," the old man bit back, angrily."Maybe you should consider yourself lucky that your chess pieces have minds of their own and are capable of furthering your strategy without your involvement in every minute detail," Severus seethed. "I have continued with their Occlumency lessons and plan to teach Hermione to brew the Wolfsbane.""Hermione?" The old man's voice was weary with disbelief and his gaze was pointed and accusing."Yes," Severus answered in an acid voice, drawing the word out with simmering anger. "Surely you remember the young witch you forced into my bed to further your own interests. You had no qualms with that 'small sacrifice,' as I believe you called it; even if the information you acquired was of questionable utility. Her name is Hermione and I damn well think I've earned the right to call her that." The bluster seemed to leave Albus in a huff and he suddenly looked as old and tired as he actually must be. It was frightening to see the old man look so defeated."In another time, under different circumstances," he sighed, "I might be happy for you, Severus."…*~*J*~*…Hermione growled in frustration as she paced the length of the hallway. She had finally gotten the chance to talk to Severus… Why did everyone have to ruin everything? She huffed angrily, clenching and unclenching her fists. At least Sirius was nowhere to be found."Hermione!" Ginny's youthful excitement jarred her angry tension and made her glare at the other girl. "So glad I've found you," the other girl continued, willfully ignorant of her friend's sour mood, "you're missing out on all the fun! We're about to start a round of Truth or Dare. You have to play!""Ginny," Hermione reasoned, her anger falling weak next to the younger witch's happy enthusiasm, "do you honestly not see how disastrous that could be? Practically everything about my life right now is a damned secret."Ginny snorted at her friend's awkward cursing and Hermione's lip twitched in acknowledgement. "'Mione…" the redhead whined, tugging on her arm, "please? I've already had a talk with Ron and Harry about that, and we've agreed not to ask you anything you can't answer. Come on! It's a holiday! You can't avoid your friends forever."Hermione groaned. The other girl had a point. She had been rather aloof and moody this Christmas. Maybe a good game with her friends was exactly what she needed to take her mind off of the spiraling drama that was Severus Snape. After all, life was about participation, wasn't it? As much as she wanted to slip behind a book and let the others have their fun, she knew deep inside that she'd be missing out. And really, what harm could it do?The others were waiting in the library, thrown across the various couches and chairs in careless boredom. Fred was on the floor, scrutinizing a bit of parchment as he held it down with the tip of his wand."Guess who I've found?" Ginny called out as she skipped into the room."Brilliant!" George sat up, his mischievous smile making Hermione second-guess her decision to join the game. "It's no fun without a girl.""Hey!" Ginny whapped her brother in the face with a pillow, but he laughed it off with a wicked grin."Sisters don't count.""Alright," Fred called, not looking up from the parchment. "It's all ready. Just sign your names and we'll be ready to begin."Hermione eyed the parchment doubtfully as the others took turns crouching down and scribbling their signatures. "Don't worry so much, 'Mione," Ginny whispered, "you'll be fine as long as you only pick 'Truth' with me, Harry and Ron. Besides, you aren't going to let all of that keep you from having fun forever, are you?"Uncomfortable she may have been, but Hermione had to remind herself that many of the best things in life made her uncomfortable at first. And besides, she wasn't going to let Voldemort keep her from playing games with her friends. Who knew how much time she had left with them, after all? The thought sent a shiver down her spine, and she quickly suppressed it.Hermione was the last to sign her name and Fred withdrew his wand from the parchment. "Alright gang," he called out, "here's how it's going to go: I started this, so I'm first. I can ask any one of you wankers and you pick either Truth or Dare, but you have to do whatever I tell you to do. You've just signed a magical contract, after all." He winked and Hermione's heart plummeted. She'd been reading far too much about magical contracts, lately. "Once you've completed your task, it's your turn to choose the next victim." He took his time glancing around at each person present and Hermione's stomach filled up with dread. She had taken her seat on the floor across from Ginny, who was propped up against Harry's knees. George had claimed one of the two couches and Ron slipped off of his to join his siblings on the floor beside Hermione. She considered taking his place on the couch behind her, but decided that this game called for floor-sitting. It made her feel more grounded, somehow, and less vulnerable. "Ron!" Fred finally called out, making his younger brother jump and flush nervously. "Truth or Dare?"Ron's shoulders seemed to square up as if in compensation for his display of fear. "Dare." An anxious intake of breath filled the room as Fred's grin spread evilly. It was then that Hermione realized just how perilous of a predicament hers was. She would have to choose Dare if one of the Weasley twins chose her. And that was decidedly bad news."A real man, eh Ronikins? No girly 'Truths' for this one. Noooo." Fred paused, staring wickedly at his brother and seeming to savor the fear slowly filling Ron's face. "I Dare you," he began in a low, dangerous tone, "to sneak into Mum's room and find a dress to wear for the rest of the game!" With that he burst into laughter and gave George a high five."Oh man!" Ron's fear turned into grouchy disappointment and rebellion as he dragged himself up off the floor and slumped angrily from the room."Our Dares may be daring," Fred said as they waited for the youngest Weasley boy to return, "but they're also ridiculous.""Poor ickle Ronikins," agreed George, "he has so much to learn."Just then, the door to the library banged open and Professor Snape appeared, looking furious. For a heartbeat, Hermione could only stare. And when her mind snapped to attention a second later, her lips were parted and her heart was hammering painfully in her chest. But he swept deliberately past them to the bookshelves and began to stalk the aisles.The Weasley twins shrugged at each other as Ginny met Hermione's gaze. And behind the girl's questioning concern, there was something twinkling in those pretty, blue eyes."Shame Tonks isn't here," Fred commented idly. "She's crazy.""That she is," George agreed, fondly. Hermione would have been more curious about their blatant interest in the Auror if a certain dark Professor's presence wasn't weighing on her mind. She was afraid to look directly at him, and still she knew exactly where he was as he moved amongst the books in silent contemplation. She could sense his anger and longed to ask him what the Headmaster had wanted.A moment later, Ron returned in an overlarge, polka-dotted ensemble of his mother's and the whole room burst into sloppy, unrestrained laughter."That's better than I could have hoped!" Fred announced."You look like a clown!" agreed Ginny."Yeah, yeah, have your fun," Ron told them, resentfully. "You're lucky I made it here without bumping into anyone.""It is my pleasure to disabuse you of that misconception, Mr. Weasley," Snape's voice interrupted from the shadows of the shelves as he stepped into the light with a book in hand. Even without his billowing teaching robes, the wizard's power seemed to dominate the room.Ron's mouth was agape with horror and indignation as he turned to Hermione, "What's he doing here!?""He," Severus cut in before the angry redhead had the chance to blow their cover, "is making use of the Black Family Estate's only interesting resource; a room which, I assure you, is not your own.""You're right," Harry cut in, antagonistically, "it belongs to Sirius. Care to take it up with him?"Hermione's back snapped straight up at the sudden threat of an explosive fight between the wizards, but before Severus could launch into his usual tirade about the house not being in Black's charge as long as it was Order Headquarters, George interrupted. "As amusing as it would be to let this unfold, we've got a game to play.""Though the Professor is certainly welcome to join in," Fred added, gesturing persuasively at the parchment."If he agrees to the rules," George added. "No exceptions for Professors, I'm afraid."Severus's eyebrow lifted in disdain as he continued toward the group. "As tempting as your offer is, Mr. Weasley, I believe I'd rather choke on one of Kreacher's rags. Please, continue with your sophomoric diversion, and ignore my presence. I assure you, my attention will be entirely devoted to this text."Hermione was not the only one to hear the tiniest note of danger in his tone; if Ginny's knowing smirk and Harry's and Ron's exchanged glance were any indication. His threat was made even more evident as he took his place on the remaining couch, directly behind Hermione (if a few feet away)."Your loss, Mr. Snape," Fred consoled, shaking his head with mock incomprehension."But just a warning," George put in, "if you do stay, we will not be held responsible for any unwanted insight into the lives of your darling students that you wish you could shake from your head. This is 'Truth or Dare,' after all.""Considering your line of business," drawled the professor in a dry tone, "it is not surprising to hear disclaimers roll instinctively off your tongue.""Touché," grinned George."Right then," Fred said, shaking some of the tension out of the room with his eagerness to continue the game, "your turn to choose someone, Ronikins."Ginny promptly burst into giggles, drawing a glare from Ron. She ignored him, her eyes communicating her mirth to the man behind Hermione before catching the other girl's eye and turning her gaze to the floor. What did I just miss?"Alright," Ron began, angrily, "Fred. Truth or Dare?""Honestly?" Fred laughed. As the youngest Weasley boy, Ron had a bit of a vengeful streak in him. "Right. I suppose I'll go with Truth, this time."Ron's face fell before scrunching up again with anger. "Truth? You choose Truth?" He pouted angrily for a minute, but the older boy was not about to retract his decision, and the others present were too busy laughing at poor Ron to sympathize. "Fine. Truth. Er…" He seemed to struggle a moment before an idea hit him. "What was it you two were whispering behind your hands about at breakfast?"Fred raised an eyebrow and held his brother's stare for a moment before letting his face fall in disappointment. Pulling a hand down his face and shaking his head, he looked back at Ron with the most serious expression any of them had ever seen on a Weasley twin. "We were laughing about how touchy you get when you think somebody's talking about you."Ron reddened angrily while the others laughed. Even Harry had a chuckle at his expense, and Hermione desperately wanted to turn to the man behind her to see if he was listening."Alright, Ginny," Fred announced happily, "Truth or Dare?""Truth, of course," she replied without hesitation.Fred's lip twitched mischievously. "Tell us… Ginevra," he began, drawing it out like a tasty treat, "just how far have you and Potter over there gone?"Ginny was hardly phased by his impertinence, merely lifting her chin a fraction and meeting him square in the eye. "I've shagged him."Harry, on the other hand, turned bright red, rivaling Ron. Ron himself gaped up at his best friend in shock and betrayal as the twins guffawed. "You did what? You never told me!""Yeah, mate," George laughed, stretching out from his couch to slap Harry on the back, "how could you forget your boyfriend?""Honestly, Ron," Ginny drawled, rolled her eyes, "did you want to be included?"All three Weasley boys drew back at that with matching expressions of revulsion and a collective shout of "Ewww!"Ginny's laughter rang through the following silence as her brothers contemplated their disgust and Harry hung his head in embarrassment. Once again, Hermione wished she could see Severus's reaction. "Alright then," Ginny said into the silence, only emboldened more by her brothers' dismay, "Hermione.Truth or Dare?"Hermione's heart leapt into her throat and began to throb with fear as her stomach constricted. It was her turn. Better to lie low with a simple "Truth."Ginny's answering grin was so full of mischief that Hermione knew she'd made a mistake. Even the boys in the room seemed to have picked up on the danger and forgotten their disgust. Doubts and fears twisted in the cavity of her chest as the other girl's eyes flicked to the man on the couch behind her. This could not be good."Hermione," the pretty redhead began in a devious tone, "tell us…" they all seemed lean in and hold their breath, "what is your favorite sexual position." You could have heard a quill drop. Then, almost simultaneously, all of the boys' heads turned from Ginny to look at her. Harry's and Ron's faces seemed to drain of color as the Weasley twins lifted their eyebrows and smirked. Fred whispered something to George who withdrew a coin and slapped it into his brother's hand."I-" she began, knowing that she was expected to answer and wondering what Severus was thinking. "I don't know…" It was such a personal question. Would Severus be angry with her for answering? Surely he must know that she had no choice. "Just… normal, I guess. I mean… missionary, I suppose it's called.""Missionary, she supposes it's called," George repeated, turning to his brother."Only that's not really true," Ginny murmured, smacking her brother offhandedly and pointing down at the parchment, "is it?" Hermione's name had turned red against the paper. "It's your warning, Hermione. Next time you're out." Hermione's heart plummeted and her cheeks flamed red with embarrassment. All attention was back on her and Ginny's eyes sparkled with wicked amusement. "So… what's the real answer, Hermione?""I-I…" Hermione inhaled deeply, letting herself think about the question. The real answer? Her favorite position? Her cheeks grew warm just thinking about him when he was so close behind her. Oh Merlin. And then she knew the answer. "I like it when he's behind me."Ginny guffawed and the twins gaped with disbelieving excitement as Harry and Ron mimicked retching and filled the air with noisy protests. Neither seemed able to look in her direction… or that of their professor. And the only one who did not respond was the one seated directly behind her."Alright, alright," Hermione cut in, embarrassed and feeling uncomfortable on display, "Harry. Truth or Dare?"Harry gulped, his eyes darting to their Professor before returning to hers. "Dare," he said, seeming to consider that the wisest option. Oh no, now she had to come up with a Dare."Alright… I dare you…" She looked around the room, as if one of the books would leap up and hand her an idea. She could practically feel Severus's ears on her voice, waiting to judge whatever she eventually came up with. Was it daring? Was it weak? Was it too mischievous, or not mischievous enough? "I dare you to… to… kiss Buckbeak.""Really?" Harry complained. "That's nothing. As long as I bow first, it's no big deal.""Well I don't know," she whined defensively."It's too late, anyway," Ginny told them. "She already said it, so that's his dare.""Alright then, guess we're headed to the attic." Harry dragged himself off of the couch, carefully maneuvering around Ginny's head. "Coming?" he asked the group at large. Only Hermione stood up."Nah," said George, "we'll take your word for it." The others seemed to sink farther into their comfortable positions in lazy contentment as they shook their heads. It made her face flame red with embarrassment and anger. Even if her Dare was stupid, did they have to be so mean about it?They made it half-way up the stairs before Harry said a word to her. "You should have seen the way Snape glared at Ginny. I'd have run for it if I were her.""I can't see him at all from where I'm sitting. S'pose he did that on purpose, though.""He was bloody angry, I'll tell you that. Don't think the twins noticed, though. Or… I mean… nothing's really out of the ordinary about Snape glaring at people."Hermione laughed. "I guess that's true."They had made it to the attic door and Harry gestured for her to stand back, leading the way into the room and bowing to the Hippogriff. The kiss was a bit anticlimactic, she had to admit. He might as well have been kissing Crookshanks. But he was very good-natured about the whole thing, only teasing a little bit as they made their way back down the stairs.The game continued on from there in a flurry of laughter and warmth. She felt lighthearted, somehow, playing games with her friends like a child. And that thought made her sad, because she suddenly realized that Severus didn't have that, and probably never would. The spy was far too reserved and stoic for silly games, even at Christmas. It made her want to reach out to him, to lean back against his knees and somehow draw him into their circle. He had even come as close as he could to joining in, but remained as far away as another dimension, reading his book while the game went on. Then again, she couldn't exactly reach out to him in front of the Weasley twins.A sudden heat on her ring finger made Hermione gasp audibly, but no one seemed to notice over George's shirtless chicken dance. The Weasley twins didn't even take 'Truth or Dare' seriously. Careful not to be conspicuous, Hermione removed the Disillusionment Charm from her ring and lifted her hand to read the message.
How much longer?
Hermione bit her lip and raised her wand to the ring again. I do not know.
How does the game end?

When we all lose.
When she looked up, she caught Ginny's eye."Hermione!" George called out as he reclaimed his seat. "Truth or Dare?"Hermione's breath caught. She couldn't choose 'Truth.' "Dare.""Ahaaaa!" the twins exclaimed together."Alright," said George, "I Dare you…" he seemed to consider a moment as a devilish grin grew across his face, "to stand up right where you are and take off your shirt." Hermione's heart sank painfully. "But," he continued with a wicked laugh, "you may either face us… or the Professor."Well, that certainly could have been worse. She sent a knowing glance to Ginny who lifted an eyebrow in amusement. Ron and Harry were both avoiding looking at her, as if they suspected the man behind her might flay them alive. The choice was obvious, of course, but as she stood to face her Professor, the twins gasped and began to egg her on enthusiastically.Severus was sitting at one end of the couch, his elbow resting on the arm. One ankle was crossed over his knee, creating a support for the large tome on his lap. As she turned to him, he tore his gaze from the text in order to stare unabashedly back at her, leaning back farther into the couch in a lazy gesture of indifference. His expression was one of apathy, but Hermione knew him better than that."Do it! Do it!" the twins encouraged, and Hermione slowly raised her soft sleep shirt over her head. She had not yet dressed for the day, as Ginny had accosted her on the way from breakfast, so she was not wearing a bra. Severus's eyes seemed to drink her in and the two were all but unconscious of the way the others laughed and jeered. Feeling bold, Hermione dropped the sleep shirt in his lap and stood there daring him to do something about it.The tome on his lap snapped shut and Severus stood with slow, dangerous grace, allowing her sleep shirt to fall to the floor. His towering form was so close to hers that she could have leant into his embrace. And for a moment, all breath in the room was held tight as they waited to see what he would do. She stood her ground as his nearness seemed to threaten to overwhelm her. Then he turned on his heel, and swept from the room.Hermione's chest slowly burned with aching disappointment and fear that she had angered him. Bereft, she bent to scoop up her night shirt; her cheeks on fire with embarrassment and desire as she redressed."Wonder what he's off to do in such a hurry," Fred laughed. Hermione turned in time to see the twins exchange a leering wink and almost felt the need to correct them.But with Severus gone, apathy dragged her intentions into the pit of her stomach. And loneliness consumed her once again.…*~*J*~*…









Chapter 50





Chapter Text
She was sitting alone in the library when he slipped through the door, silent as the moonlight across her face. And for a moment, he hesitated, unsure if it would not be wise to leave her there and retreat to the safe solitude of his own bedroom. But she was so compelling. He had not seen her since dinner, where the Weasley twins kept shooting him knowing, laughing looks which he attempted to ignore. She was beautiful; already back in her night clothes with her hair frizzled out as if with worry. Was she thinking of him?He knew the moment that she noticed he was there. Choosing to go to her, he stepped soundless from the shadows, and she turned to him instinctively. It was almost too dark in the room to discern each other's faces, but Severus was certain that she knew who he was."Hello." Her voice was barely a whisper and the music of the silence around them seemed to consume it with heavy, illusory song. Yet he heard her, loud and clear."Hello," he echoed, seeming to break the fragile blanket of the night air with his deep baritone. He went to her and took his place beside her on the couch.Her eyes were on the fingers twisting anxiously in her lap, but her breathing hitched and she almost seemed to pant lightly as their nearness made the darkness hum with energy. "I'm sorry about earlier," she confessed in a hurry. He smiled. Nothing about earlier had really bothered him at all, besides his own inability to take her on the floor right then and there. And what would those blasted Weasley twins have thought of that?But the Weasleys were not present now."I only meant to play a game with them," she continued when no answer was forthcoming. "Ginny talked me into it. I felt bad avoiding them all day and thought 'what could it hurt?' But I should have known better. I shouldn't have agreed to play..."Severus brought the tips of his fingers to her lips in an effort to silence her, and the tiniest gasp against his skin sent electric shivers down his spine. He allowed his fingertips to linger, sweeping lightly across the swelling softness of her lips. And her mouth fell open to caress him sweetly with the heat of a whispering sigh. When he withdrew his fingers, it was only to replace them with his lips.She moaned into his mouth as he slowly tasted her, reaching a hand into her hair to hold her captive. A wave of tender urgency swept through him and he tightened his grip, pulling her head back relentlessly to expose the glowing skin of her pale throat. And as he slipped his tongue between her teeth, his hand came up to circle her neck, searching for her pulse with a tender touch before gripping her gently with the restrained force of passion long repressed.Hermione whimpered urgently beneath his hand, her helpless desire burning a straight path to his groin. He needed her. And as he moved his mouth from her lips to her jaw and her neck and pressed his crooked teeth into her pale flesh, she moaned with unrestrained ardor and whispered into the dark, "Severus." It was like a plea as her little hands came up to tangle in his hair. "I missed you."At that, he pulled away, and met her eyes by moonlight. "Forgive me," he answered gruffly; the apology slipping past his vigilant façade of indifference before he knew what he had said. It came so naturally. Odd. "I have not been entirely honest with you," he confessed in a sturdier tone, his professional attitude returning in a rush. But there was no suspicion in her eyes at his admission. She trusted him. And something inside him seemed to crack at that, allowing a bit of his mask to dissolve, like sugar in a cauldron. "Hermione," he whispered tenderly, splaying his fingers across her cheek. She raised her own hand to cover his and smiled sweetly, openly into his eyes. There was nothing he wanted more in the world.But was that really best for her? She was too young, too innocent, too… good. She could do so much better than a man twice her age fated to die or be forever branded a criminal. "Hermione," he began again with a regretful sigh, "there is much you do not know about me." Rebellion sparkled in her eyes, but he cut her off before she had a chance to argue. "I gave my life to the Cause when you were just a babe. I have done unspeakable things…""Sev…""Listen to me, Hermione. As fiercely as you may endeavor to sweep my history beneath the carpet, the facts remain. I need you to understand…""But…""Hermione, I will likely die!"The library might have been empty for the silence."No," she argued weakly, the beginnings of tears in her eyes."I have never expected to survive this War.""You will," she told him."I might," he allowed. "But there is very little chance of that." He let the finality of his statement sink into the darkness of the room. "The point is, Hermione, you would do better not to attach yourself to me.""Ridiculous!" she spat, anger shining in her teary eyes."If not for your abduction and subsequent curse, our involvement never would have come to be. You would have found someone more… appropriate…""I don't want someone more appropriate!" she shouted. Then, taking a steadying breath, she continued in a softer voice. "I want you. Don't be daft. It doesn't matter how we ended up together; just that we did. You can dwell on possibilities and hypotheticals all day, but I'm here. Now." She reached for his hand and clutched it desperately in both of hers, tears racing across her face, sparkling with fragments of the stars. "No one ever knows how much time they have left, and I am just as likely to die in this War as you are." He drew breath to dispute this notion—the very idea too terrible to contemplate—but she was having none of it. "What I do know is that I am happy when I am with you. And I care about you immensely." This time, he was at a loss for words. Then her lips turned up in a secret smile and she almost seemed to laugh. "We are afforded few enough joys in this life, Severus. Why deny yourself something when it 's begging to be yours?""Maybe it doesn't know any better."She brought her hand to his face and he flinched at the contact, but he steadied himself, and allowed her to touch him softly. It made him feel vulnerable and exposed, having her inspect him so carefully, slowly tracing his features with her fingertips. "It," she whispered as her thumb brushed across his bottom lip, "is a know-it-all." She smiled humorously, her eyes glinting through the dark, and he found himself laughing… on the inside.But then her smile faded and her expression grew serious and wary. "Haven't you ever heard that it is better to have loved and lost than never to have loved at all?"Even Severus's breath froze in fright at her words. It was the first mention of love between them; not that she was admitting to the sentiment. "Tennyson," he told her in a breath, afraid of her silence and the potential it invoked, "but he neglected to mention how excruciating that can be." Comprehension dawned in her eyes and she pulled away from him, looking down at her knees in contemplation.He felt her loss."I'm not Lily," she told him in a whisper.That was hardly relevant. Determined not to let her look away from him right now, he turned her face to his with a finger beneath her chin. "No," he told her in a tone laden with meaning, "you are not." But her eyes filled up with tears at that and she turned her face away. Had she taken it the wrong way? "Hermione, I am not afraid that you are going to hurt me." And to his astonishment, that was the truth. "I would like nothing more than to spend my life with you." Happy tears escaped her eyes at that proclamation and he hurried to clarify. "But my happiness is not worth your pain."To his amazed confusion, she began to laugh lightly. It was a sad sound. "Severus," she told him, shaking her head and meeting his eye, "if anything were to happen to you, I would be devastated." Well, that was just entirely the point, wasn't it? "And nothing you do," she continued, staring pointedly into his eyes, "is ever going to change that."And he realized, suddenly, that she was right. This was something he had been attempting to overlook for weeks— months maybe. It was already too late. They were in too deep. It didn't matter anymore how far they fell, for they were already past the point of no return.She was clutching his hands in her own, slowly massaging the palms with her thumbs, and brought one up to press against her cheek. Panic and freedom seemed to fall over him at once. Maybe he could be with her. The thought was too dangerous to consider; and yet, he had avoided considering it for a very long time. But maybe… maybe he really could. She was right here, and she was willing—more than willing, practically begging—and was there really anything standing in their way? Alright, besides the dark lord and Albus Dumbledore… and her family… and Molly Weasley… and the board of governors… and social decorum in general.But then she leaned toward him and caught his breathless lips with hers. And suddenly none of them mattered; not a single, bloody one of them.…*~*J*~*…There was a question in her kiss, and Hermione knew that his response would be her answer. So she poured all the tenderness and passion that she felt for him into that simple touch, caressing his mouth with her own. She needed him to know how much she needed him. And to her relieved elation, he answered her with as much sweet sentiment as she had shown for him, reaching a hand into her curls and slipping his tongue out to test the broken boundary of her lips. She nipped at him, begging him to enter her; to connect with her. And he complied.When her tongue reached out to rub against his own, Severus growled in primal satisfaction. He had never felt closer to the girl beside him than he did right now. Their mouths slanted over one another as their tongues intertwined, a battle foreshadowing what they both hoped next to come. He would be content to kiss her until the dawn cracked across the sky.Overwhelmed by happiness at his proximity, Hermione reached a leg across his lap until she was straddling him. His answering growl vibrated deep inside of her, stirring the kindling of a fierce fire. She melted against his chest, linking her arms behind his neck and poured herself into their kiss. It was all she could do not to burst into flame as his hands slipped down to cup her bum, pulling her tight against the firm bulge in the front of his trousers.He could feel her heat through all the layers of clothing that separated them. And he wanted her, perhaps more than he ever had before. She was his for true this time, as he reached his fingers beneath the soft cotton of her night shirt, sliding them up the hot skin of her sides. When he cupped her breasts, their mouths broke apart in simultaneous gasps of pleasure. But he was quick to recapture her, expressing without words what he wanted to happen next.His hands against her bare skin sent electricity to her core, and she began to rub her body against him as she slid her hands to his chest and began to undo his buttons. Was it really necessary to wear a bloody frock coat in the middle of the night? She made quick work of relieving him of it and ran her fingers over his cotton-covered flesh, longing to be nearer and nearer to him, as if she could somehow melt their bodies into one.Her eagerness drove the fierce desire burning deep inside him as she impatiently sought to strip him of his clothes. He broke her kiss and pushed her away only far enough to see the look in his eyes as he silently expressed his wishes. Smirking, she brought her hands to the soft hem of her own night shirt and slowly lifted it over her head. Severus collapsed back against the couch, devastated by her beauty and the sweet epiphany that she was his. When she dropped the garment in his lap, he sank his fingers into it, bringing it to his face to feel its softness against his skin and inhale the spicy sweetness of Hermione.The raw desire in his eyes made her whimper in despair. He was hers. And he was here. Their eyes connected as she brought her fingers to the buttons of his shirt. And one by one, she unfastened them, continuing on to the closure of his trousers. Then she pushed his shirt open and brushed across his flesh with kisses full of aching tenderness. Her tongue darted out to taste his skin, laving him with wet heat, and he moaned in capitulation as she bent to sink lower.When Hermione sank between his legs, Severus lost the ability to think. All he knew was her hot softness and the feel of her wet mouth on his stomach. She yanked his trousers lower and next thing he knew, her teeth were nipping at his thigh. Groaning in agony, he wrapped his fingers in her hair, begging her not to tease him anymore. And she complied. The softest caress of her mouth against the tip of his cock made his head fall back in ecstasy. And then her tongue began to swath sweet heat into his flesh and he was lost to her softness, oblivious to everything else in the world. In that way, she teased him until a molten heat began to fill his belly, but he was not ready to be done.Severus pushed her away and beckoned her back onto his lap. She did so slowly, slipping out of her sleep shorts to straddle his bare thighs. He moaned with feral need as she positioned him against her flesh. Ah, but she was not finished teasing him. Meeting his mouth in a soft, passionate kiss, she rubbed herself along his length and gasped at the resulting spark of molten pleasure. Twice, thrice, a dozen times she pressed against him thus, eliciting whimpers of tortured desire from the man beneath her. Finally, she wrapped her tongue around his, and pushed him deep inside.Their mouths broke apart in ecstasy when he finally filled her. This was the way their bodies were built to connect. And there was nothing better in the whole, wide world. His hands roamed against her flesh as she began to move against him, panting in sweet delight at their nearness and her pleasure. She was so tight; so wet; so beautiful.He filled her body with delicious agony and Hermione couldn't seem to get enough. She thrust against him on the couch as hot pleasure seemed to blind her in its intensity. She was seeing stars. Faster and harder she pressed herself against him as he panted with restraint and ecstasy. She watched as he sank three fingers into his mouth and brought them down to press against the little nub between her folds. That friction, as she rocked against him with increasing desperation, struck a nerve like a spark to a barrel of gunpowder, and immediately a rush of hot pleasure filled her core."Oh gods!" she cried out, and Severus knew she was about to come. He felt her tighten and quake around him and finally allowed himself to let go."Oh… Severus!" Her pleasure ignited within her, filling her in a flash with electric heat as fire coursed to every nerve ending in her body. She broke apart as waves of rapture shook her to the core, releasing her from the confines of this earth.At the sound of his name on her voice, Severus gave in to his own desire and burst within her, convulsing with hot pleasure as he pulled her tight against him and filled her with his seed. With one last shuddering gasp, he collapsed back against the couch, and she on top of him. They wrapped their arms around one another and softly panted into the darkness. They were together now, and he'd be damned if he let anyone get in the way of that.Hermione breathed in the heady scent of Severus, her nose against his neck. She never wanted to be parted from him again. And for once, it seemed that she just might get her wish. As they caught their breath, she lifted herself up to face him once more and pressed her tender mouth to his. Tears streamed unbidden from her eyes as they kissed; two lovers melting together with tears and tenderness.Then, suddenly, there was a bang as the door flew open behind her and a light filled the room. She yelped in fright and started to leap away from him, but Severus only tightened his hold, thrusting her face into his hair. And somehow, she was sure that it was Sirius.









Chapter 51





Chapter Text
The sky was gloomy above Malfoy Manor when Severus arrived the next morning. Lucius had invited him to breakfast. His joints were still stiff from waking, but he had slept so well. Dreams of Hermione's soft body close against his helped him find the rest he had so desperately needed. Shame they had been interrupted."Severus," Lucius greeted him at the door with open arms and a sincere grin. It made the other man uneasy. "So good of you to join us. This has been one of the worst Christmases.""It is not yet Christmas Eve," Severus countered, following his friend toward the Dining Room."I am not optimistic that the holiday will bring my family back together. However, they at least make an effort to pretend in front of you."Severus was taken aback by the aristocrat's obvious desperation. The motive was hardly the most devious of Lucius's plots. The old Slytherin always had a few tricks up his sleeve. But this was positively Hufflepuff."Look who's to join us for breakfast," Lucius announced to the room at large. Draco was slouched down in his seat with his arms crossed, Narcissa was glaring daggers at the boy and attempting to look as noble as she once was, and darling Bellatrix looked ready to hex someone if her food was not quick to arrive."Good morning, Severus," Narcissa sang, sweeping over to him for a polite embrace."Morning Uncle," Draco mumbled, straightening a bit in his chair."Spectacular," Bella growled. "Does that mean you're going to let us eat already?"Lucius seated his guest in his usual place across from the lunatic witch and took his own place at the head of the table. With a clap of his hands, the food was finally served."I hear you have been spending a good deal of time with our cousin," Narcissa began when they had all tucked in to their breakfast. "Tell me, how is Sirius?"Severus cleared his throat. An ignorant observer might suppose she actually cared for the man. Bella probably believed her sister hated him as much as she did. Only the practiced spy recognized the deeper merit of her question. "The mutt," he began, infusing his words with the hatred he really did harbor for him, "is doing well enough. He gripes about being locked away and only serves to drain the Order's resources." Severus had been sure that it was Black who interrupted them last night. When he'd seen the offender's face, after a nasty round of hexes, he'd been acutely disappointed. "Your niece, Nymphadora, is also well. She appears to be dating the Werewolf."Bella snarled in disgust. "And what of your own little prize? How's the ickle mudblood?""Spending her days with Potter, as I've instructed."Suddenly, an owl swooped through the window, landing in front of Draco with an oblong package and an envelope, which Draco immediately ripped open and began to read. The others watched as his face turned red and Severus was tempted to slip into his mind. He could imagine from whom the gift had come."Come now, Draco," Lucius drawled, "do tell us what it is."Draco didn't lift his gaze from the parchment. "I'm not to open it 'til Christmas," he offered by way of excuse, sliding out of his chair and making off with his secret prize."Well," Lucius broke the silence, "must be a girl. Odd, I've never seen him react so strangely to a woman."Narcissa's expression was closed, but she turned to Severus, as if he might have the answer.Lucius seemed to follow his wife's line of thought. "Have you heard any rumors, Severus?"Well, that he could answer truthfully. "No. I haven't."It wasn't until Severus was heading down the path toward the Malfoy's giant iron gate that he caught sight of his godson once more. The boy was sitting in a little garden off the footpath and out of sight of the mansion. Ah. Christmas paper was scattered in broken ribbons across the grass and Draco was seated on a bench, staring through what looked like a miniature telescope. He knew there was only one way to get any answers out of the young Slytherin."Miss Lovegood refused to tell me what she'd gotten for you." Draco's head snapped up and his eyes narrowed in suspicion as Severus stepped carefully into the garden. "She said it would ruin the surprise.""You spoke with her?""Briefly. She can be eerily… perceptive."Draco seemed to consider, studying his gift as his godfather took a seat on the opposite bench. "See what you make of it," he said at last, thrusting the object into Severus's hands. The older man cautiously brought the thing to his eye. Inside, colorful bits of glass were reflected by six mirrors to create the illusion of a geometric pattern similar to the stained glass windows of a Gothic Cathedral. He had seen one of these once before."A kaleidoscope.""But what does it do?" Draco demanded.Severus shrugged. "What did she say?"The boy seemed reluctant to turn over the note, and Severus took it as a great triumph when he finally did.
Dear Draco,

This is for Christmas, but I won't know if you open it earlier. It's called a kaleidoscope. Mum used to say 'sometimes, looking at something else helps you to see yourself better.' Maybe what you see in here will help you with your questions.

Love,

Luna
Draco shook his head, angrily. "How the hell is a children's toy supposed to answer anything?"Severus handed the note back to his godson, reluctantly. "I don't know."…*~*J*~*…"Five counter-clockwise stirs," he told her.Hermione nodded to show that she already knew the next step. He seemed anxious, allowing her to do all of the work while he sat there watching. The silence unnerved her. "I seem to have come up against a wall in my research.""Concentrate, Hermione."Hermione rolled her eyes. They had been brewing all afternoon, and yes, a lot of it required intense concentration. Stirring the cauldron, however… "It has to sit a moment, anyway," she said, setting an alarm for two and a half minutes and turning towards the grouchy professor. He'd been like this all day. "You know the research I've been doing? The line of inquiry that seems to be leading me somewhere?"He merely nodded.She sighed. "Well it seems to have stopped. It's strange. For a while now, everything has been leading straight on to the next subject, and every topic seemed somehow deeply connected to each of the others. But now it's just… stopped. It's like I'm missing something.""Or maybe that 'line of inquiry' has run its course." He smirked over at her and somehow she knew that he wasn't being serious. She loved that he just accepted her research as important, and didn't call her foolish for pursuing it."I was in the library earlier, just walking through the stacks, and every book that drew my attention turned out to be something completely unrelated.""Maybe they only seemed unrelated."Hermione gave him a weary glance. "Yes, and I'm sure magical housekeeping is right in line with Alchemy and Astronomy. Well, I can't see the planets, but my mirror is spotless!"Severus blinked back at her, an odd expression upon his face. Suddenly, the timer went off and Hermione jumped back to work, readying the aconite for the next crucial step.Hours passed before the first day's work brewing Wolfsbane was finally done. Hermione had underestimated just how demanding the potion would be. Her energy was drained and her muscles were sore from bending over the cauldron and stirring in precise circles for so long. She had not realized how tense she'd been. But now, that tension made itself known in the muscles of her neck, shoulders and back."I don't know how you do it," she marveled, collapsing in one of the chairs and rubbing her neck.His deep chuckle made her heart flutter. "Sore, are you?" In a flash, he was behind her, replacing her hands with his own and slowly working out the tension in her overtaxed muscles.Hermione moaned. Dear god, that man knew how to use his hands. Her eyes clenched shut with the pain of his ministrations, but it was a good pain. "Oh," she groaned as he squeezed her shoulders in a strong, rough grip. She was practically panting."It would be far easier for me if you could attempt to hold still," he complained in a deep tone that made her eyes dilate."I'm trying," she told him, "but you're so rough.""You don't like it?" he teased, his lips a whisper from her ear.She moaned in response as his thumbs rubbed circles in the knots at the nape of her neck. "I do," she confessed in a breath. "But perhaps it would be easier for both of us if I were to lie down."His hands froze upon her person as he seemed to consider. And then she was being helped up and led over to the bed. A rush of fire leapt to life inside her, stirring a pulsing warmth between her legs. She was hardly breathing and her eyes had fallen half closed of their own accord. Before she knew it, she was on her stomach, and Severus Snape was straddling her back."Is this better?" he asked."Mmmmmm, yes." Just the feel of getting off her feet was amazing after such a long day. To have her dark professor massaging away her aches and pains, in a bed… in a room… all alone… was Nirvana. Oh! He knew exactly where to rub, pinch, press, and squeeze. Gods, he was good with his hands! She could just about go to sleep right now.…if it weren't for the tingling anticipation in her groin and the wicked thoughts now flashing through her mind.…*~*J*~*…If Severus hadn't spent the last twenty years improving his self control, they'd already be naked beneath the sheets. Dear God, she felt amazing. Her soft, young body felt so vulnerable beneath him. And her moans of pleasured pain had him dizzy in the head. His cock was so hard already that it throbbed as it strained against the buttons of his trousers.And then he remembered what she had said during that ridiculous game he'd forced himself to watch. She liked it when he was behind her. And he could not hold back his groan.His feral growl sent ripples of hot desire through her body. He wants me, too. Somehow, that always seemed to come as a shock. Suddenly, she couldn't restrain herself any longer and succumbed to the need to rub herself against the mattress. He seemed to like that, if his imitation of her movements against her own flesh was any indication.Oh gods, she was going to kill him. Her obvious arousal almost made him lose control, but he caught himself just short of ripping off her clothes and forcing himself on her right. Now. But then his fingers were tangling in her hair of their own accord, yanking her harshly as his other hand circled her throat and he lowered his mouth to the pale, tender flesh of her neck.Oh, yes! Hermione had never seen her professor so unrestrained. "Oh, please," she whimpered as he nipped at her throat with his teeth. When he tightened his grip on her neck, for a moment she was unable to breath. She was completely powerless, but she trusted him. And it made her want to burst with desire.Severus pulled his hand away from her throat and thrust it beneath her to fondle a breast. She'd been teasing him all day, wearing a dress of all things. She hardly ever wore dresses. Likely, she thought she was clever, making him want her while they worked. But she would soon see who had the power here.Hermione felt as if she were melting into the mattress with Severus behind her; touching her; kissing her. She slipped a hand between her legs. "No," he growled. "Don't touch yourself." Her hand immediately shot back out from underneath her and she heard him laughing. It was a dark chuckle, full of triumphant malice. He brought his lips to her ear. "You have been tormenting me all day," he whispered. Then he lowered his voice impossibly deeper, his lips tickling her ear. "Now it's your turn." With a whispered 'Divesto,' Hermione's clothing vanished, and she gasped in surprise at the sudden chilly draft of air. Her professor, she noted, was still fully dressed, and that made her feel so vulnerable and… well… naked.Oh Merlin, her skin was so soft and she was so willing, squirming beneath him with anxious desire. He could take her now, but he wanted to wait. Nudging her legs apart, he repositioned himself between them so that she could feel the hard bulge of his erection between her cheeks. She whimpered as he reached his hands beneath her, pinching her nipples mercilessly before slipping between her legs. She was so wet and hot that he nearly lost his mind to the sudden rush of desire. There would be time for that soon enough, but she would beg for it first.Hermione moaned as Severus rocked against her, demonstrating his lust as his fingers worked magic between her legs. Alternately circling her clit and dipping down to stroke her entrance, his slow torture was quickly driving her mad. "Please," she whimpered."No."His voice was dark and cold and desperately arousing. She squirmed against him, trying to press herself harder against his hand, but he merely stilled her with his other arm, biting her shoulder as his finger finally slipped inside. "Yes!" she cried. "More!" But he merely laughed. He added a finger and curved them just the right way, making her scream with anguished pleasure. His other hand slipped down to stroke her clit and Hermione could feel herself nearing the brink.When Severus saw that Hermione was close, he slowed his movements. "Don't come yet, Hermione," he commanded. "Don't come until I tell you to.""Oh, please," she begged him as he slowly stroked her very core. With his demand, Hermione was sure she would not be able to come even if she lost control. But that didn't keep her from nearly reaching the precipice.Without removing his hands, Severus wandlessly stripped away his own clothes, sighing in pleasure as he situated himself against her flesh at last.Hermione gasped as his naked erection finally slipped between her thighs, but still he would not give in to her demands. Lifting her up onto her knees with one arm, the wicked man slipped his other arm around her hips, bringing his hand to where their bodies almost met. He slowly began to press against her; hot, wet flesh against hot, wet flesh. And still he refused to enter her. "Please," Hermione whimpered. She thought she might explode from the sensation. Desperate, she reached her own hand down and tried to force him inside her. Before she knew what had happened, he'd given her a sharp slap to the behind. Hermione gasped. He had just spanked her, and the resulting jolt of electricity went straight to her core."You will obey me, Hermione," he warned, pushing her roughly to the mattress. "Stay down," he told her, sliding backwards on the bed and lifting her pretty, little arse to get a better view.Hermione's face began to burn at his scrutiny. She had never felt more exposed. Then his mouth landed soundly against her aching flesh and Hermione cried out in desperation. His tongue delved into her depths, caressing her soundly before flicking out to tease her clit. Forgetting her shame, Hermione nearly grinded against the man's face before his tongue disappeared deep inside her once more. If he had not forbidden it, she surely would have come several times by now. "Severus," she begged only to be rewarded with another swat to her arse."What is it you want?" he growled, reaching a hand into her hair; pulling it slowly tighter as he leaned over and tasted the salt on her neck. She was reacting so beautifully to his torture that he just couldn't resist."I…I…"Severus mocked her with his laughter. She couldn't even say the words. "If you cannot tell me what you want, I cannot give it to you.""I want you inside me," she purred. And with that, he finally allowed himself to take her. "Yes! Oh gods!" her desperate cries were nearly his undoing. Oh gods, she felt amazing. This angle allowed him to go so deep and she felt so tight. She was so wet. Severus began slowly, drawing out her torment and relishing her helpless moans. "Please," she whimpered as his hand slipped down to tease her clit."What is it that you want, girl?"Hermione groaned at the tone of his voice; so authoritative, so commanding, the Professor Snape of the classroom. It nearly made her buckle beneath him. "Harder," she told him in a husky plea."What's that?" he whispered. He wanted to hear it again."Harder!"Severus obliged, finally dropping the reign on his control and pounding into her with all the strength he could muster. He was on edge. He was close. He could hear her crying out with desperate need."Do you want to come, Hermione?" he asked her."Yes!""I want to hear you beg.""Please! Severus." Her voice was husky with need and she was practically panting. "Please! Please let me come!" Her words almost made him trip the brink."Alright, Hermione," he acquiesced in a breath, "you can come."Almost immediately, her body began to clench around him as she cried out in waves of intense, shuddering pleasure. He wasn't far behind. And as he pressed hard against her, succumbing to the overwhelming surges of ecstasy throughout his body, all the tension of the day seemed to drain away.Severus collapsed on top of her and slowly their panting dwindled down to normal breathing. He rolled off of her only to have her roll on top of him. It felt so wonderful, lying here with her, their naked bodies entwined together. Then she met his mouth with hers and slowly, lingeringly tasted him. If she wasn't careful, he'd soon be ready for round two.Hermione enjoyed their lazy kiss, breaking it only to look down into Severus's eyes. She couldn't help the little laugh that escaped at their wanton behavior. He seemed to take her meaning."Forgive me," he told her in a hoarse voice. "I may have gotten a bit carried away."Hermione beamed down at him with such a beautiful smile that he hardly heard her words. "I'm glad you did." Gods, she was so beautiful. Was there anything more precious in the entire world? He wanted to hold her close and never let her go.A renewed erection was now pressing into her belly, and Hermione reached down to take it in hand, relishing the way his eyes rolled back and his mouth fell open in sweet abandon. She climbed atop him and took him inside herself again, rolling her hips slowly this time and meeting his mouth for another kiss.…*~*J*~*…"Bishop to C5," Ron murmured, hardly grinning when he took Harry's Rook."Someone should fetch Hermione from the library. We could have another round of Truth or Dare." Fred was clearly bored watching the younger boys play Chess. Again. George had to admit, he was bored of it too."She's not in the library," Ginny put in. "She and Snape are brewing Wolfsbane."Are they indeed? A flash of memory from last night invaded his senses: Hermione Granger, naked atop her professor's lap. If those two were locked away, it was doubtful they were brewing potions."They are?" Fred seemed confused. He had yet to confide in his twin about the pair, but the professor had been adamant that keeping it a secret was of vitalimportance. "Where?"Ginny shrugged. "They turned one of the bedrooms into a miniature lab.""They did, did they?" Fred sent him a leering wink, elbowing him sharply in the ribs. "Must be awkward. You know, after yesterday.""Yeah," George agreed in an attempt to keep up illusions, "hope ol' Snape doesn't ruin the potion, what with picturing his assistant naked the whole time.""Hell," Fred added, "Hermione knew she'd be working with him before our game. She probably wants it just as bad as he does. I'd be surprised if they weren't going at it as we speak."George could feel his face flush. The last thing they needed was someone starting rumors about them. "I must respectfully disagree, Freddy. Hermione would never get involved with a professor.""Oh yeah?" Fred challenged. "And she'd never take her shirt off for him either, I suppose?""Well she had to take it off. Maybe she figured better him than all of us.""They're fucking. Just admit it." Fred was baiting him, but he still felt the need to defend the absent girl."We're talking about Hermione Granger. Her worst fear is being expelled and after that is failing, then death, in that order. She's far too worried about rules, and certainly too intelligent to sleep with a professor."To his surprise, Ginny was the one who spoke up, sounding angry. "You're right. Hermione is intelligent. Enough to know that Snape is more than just our professor. Even if they were involved, that certainly wouldn't mean she was being reckless or foolish."Oh dear, this was escalating out of his control. "I don't mean to imply that. But I still think she'd wait until she was no longer his student.""We're at war! Anyone lucky enough to find love right now certainly shouldn't wait until it's over. They might be dead, for all they know."It was Fred's turn to butt in. "Who says love's what ol' Snape's got in mind? A beautiful, young student suddenly throwing herself at him? You know her little display yesterday was more action than he's had in years.""You don't know that!" George and Ginny shouted in unison, before turning to each other and laughing.Ginny cleared her throat. "Professor Snape's a lot more complicated than you lot make him out to be. Do you honestly believe a man who spends his entire life dedicated to the Greater Good would seduce a student just for the purpose of getting off?"George knew she was suggesting that he had more reasons for wanting Hermione, but took the opportunity to use her words against her. "I agree with Ginevra. The man has far too much on his mind to worry about petty sex. He probably hardly gets hard anymore. Think of the stress he has to deal with all the time. That's not good for the, er, appetite."Just then, their Mum's voice rang through the hall. "Supper's ready!" Oh, great. Somebody was going to have to retrieve the guilty lovers."I'll go and get Hermione," he tossed out casually, standing up.Ginny's eyes shot up to him and she was quickly on her feet. "No, I will."He tried to push past her. "You've got enough on your hands pulling those two from their game," he pointed out, gesturing to his brother and the scar-head."They're big boys. They can get themselves to dinner," she said, grabbing his arm and slipping around him. Suddenly she was running toward the stairs. He was close on her heels.They stopped at the first landing and Ginny quickly banged on the door, panting as she called out "supper time!" George pulled on her arm, trying to get her to go downstairs. They were both panting from the effort of trying to best one another. Pathetic, really. Suddenly, the door swung open and Severus Snape stood in the entryway, fully robed. Beneath the outstretched arm that grasped the doorframe, George could see a cauldron simmering on the dresser."Thank you Miss Weasley. We have ears of our own." With that, he stepped past the two of them and swept down the stairs.Hermione appeared in the doorway and smirked at the two of them. "Honestly, you two. What on earth were you hoping to accomplish?"…*~*J*~*…"So," Tonks began, directing the force of her not-insubstantial excitement onto his person, "I hear you visited my aunties this morning. How are they?"Severus had been enjoying his potatoes from the corner of the table, where no one else had bothered to notice him before. "Fine," he told her flatly, hoping to discourage this attention."Horrible as always, I suppose?"Severus smirked. Moody was present tonight. Did she really want to provoke him with the other Auror there to make a scene? "To be perfectly honest, aside from the obvious exception of your dear Aunt Bella, I found their company to be perfectly enjoyable."Everyone at the table turned toward him in surprise, but it was Madeye who broke the silence. "It's a great relief to have friends of your own kind when you leave our midst, ay Severus?""Indeed," he agreed. Of course, if he were honest, he had almost begun to enjoy sitting down to eat with the Order, as well. There were tensions within both parties, to be sure, but he had to admit that it was no longer such a chore to spend time with the Weasleys and company. What they could not understand, however, was that he had known Lucius and Narcissa for many years, and that it was refreshing not to be judged while he was eating.But Madeye Moody took perverse pleasure in judging others. "What sort of man prefers the company of Death Eaters?"Before Severus could reply with some scathing remark about despising self-righteous hypocrites, Hermione spoke up. "He didn't say he preferred their company. He agreed that it was a relief to have friends like him.""Yes," Moody allowed. "Death Eaters.""Or Slytherins.""Same thing.""No it's not!" Hermione stood straight up out of her chair at that and Severus had to pull her back down."Don't be foolish," he told her. "There's no sense in starting a fight."To his surprise, George Weasley interrupted this time. "How's ol' Draco?"Severus's eyes narrowed in suspicion, but he could detect no malice. "Fine.""It must be hard on him," Miss Weasley added, "living with Voldemort, I mean." Severus winced at her use of the dark lord's name. "I imagine he'll be glad to get back to school.""Yes," he agreed. "I imagine he will."Madeye was livid. "What, are we all friends with the Malfoy's now?"Potter snorted. "Hardly.""He's actually not so bad, though," Ginny admitted, "all in all.""Yeah," Potter agreed, "I mean… considering his circumstances.""His upbringing, you mean." No one answered Moody's half-hearted rebuttal. They seemed content to let the matter drop. It took a moment for Severus to realize that they had just stood up for him; a united front together, on his side.Beneath the table, Hermione squeezed his knee, and Severus suddenly felt like part of the group. It was a strange, uncomfortable, and yet not entirely unwelcome sensation. He set down his goblet and let his hand slip down to cover hers.Then, Tonks turned the conversation to the preparations for Christmas Eve tomorrow night, and the atmosphere relaxed into holiday merriment once more. Potter was explaining Muggle Christmas traditions to Arthur. Miss Weasley and the youngest of her elder brothers seemed to have started some sort of pinching war. The twins were quietly plotting mischief behind their hands. Every now and then, George would catch his eye and look away, blushing. But Severus just sipped his mulled cider and held Hermione's hand beneath the table.Yes, he thought to himself, aside from the obvious exception of Madeye Moody, he found their company to be perfectly enjoyable.









Chapter 52





Chapter Text
Hermione threw the catalogue onto her bed and leapt up to pace the room angrily, once more. It was Christmas Eve and she still hadn't found anything for Severus. Growling aloud, she kicked the dresser that still shelved the simmering cauldron of Wolfsbane. Perhaps she could convince the twins to sneak her out of the house with them for a bit of shopping in Diagon Alley, but she had a feeling there wouldn't be anything for him there, either.Why does he have to be so difficult?! She had gone through the catalogue at least a dozen times. Already, the pages were crinkled and several were earmarked for later perusal. None of the 'maybe's were even vaguely good enough, however.Frustration simmered in her blood and Hermione suddenly felt the need to escape the confines of her bedroom. Stomping down the stairs, her anger was lost on the inhabitants of 12 Grimmauld, all of whom seemed to be preparing for Christmas. Ron and Harry were in the study, playing a game of Exploding Snap, Ginny was helping her mother with some last minute decorations, the twins seemed to have disappeared, and Severus had yet to make an appearance. There was to be an Order meeting soon, but for the moment no one was in the kitchen, so Hermione chose to make herself a cup of tea.She was glaring down into the steaming mug when a voice startled her out of her reverie. "Why so serious?" Sirius laughed. It was all Hermione could do to hide her irritation. "Come on, Hermione, you have such a pretty smile. It should be a sin to keep it hidden away."Hermione bristled. "My emotions are not dictated by how well they look on me."Sirius was understandably taken aback, throwing his hands up in front of him in a gesture of surrender. "Woah," he responded, laughing lightly, "Take it easy. I didn't mean anything by it."Hermione sighed deeply; her anger deflating with his easy manner. She had been wrong to snap at him. "I'm sorry, Sirius. I'm just… frustrated.""Clearly." He smiled and took the seat across from her at the table. "I don't suppose it's anything I could help with?" His concern inched in behind the smile she knew was genuine and Hermione was disarmed by his sincerity. He really did care. No matter how misguided and selfish he could be sometimes, in the end he really did care about them."I… don't know," she confessed, taking a sip of her cooling black tea.Sirius lazily lifted his wand and silently Summoned a tray of sweets and a glass of milk. He took a bite of a gingerbread wand before meeting her eyes knowingly. "Is it about a boy?"Hermione practically snorted her tea. Well, might as well admit it, now. There was no way he'd believe her with a guilty, red face. "Sort of," she whispered. "But before you even ask, I can't tell you who it is."Sirius lifted a brow. Well, now she'd done it. Obviously, if she couldn't tell him who it was, it had to be somebody scandalous. "And… I suppose he's giving you a hard time?"Well, she thought, at least he's taking this news gracefully. "Not exactly." She hesitated, and then sighed. In for a penny, in for a pound. "I just can't think of anything to get him for Christmas.""Ah." Sirius's apologetic smile communicated his inability to contribute ideas. "Well… I'm sure whoever it is will be happy just knowing that you thought about him.""I suppose," she muttered.There was a long silence. Then he lowered his eyes to the table and Hermione watched his brow furrow in thought before he met her gaze again, earnestly. "He's a very lucky guy.""Thank you." Her voice was barely a whisper, for suddenly the air seemed to buzz with tension. It made her feel strangely sad. She wished that there were something else she could say; some way of apologizing to him for not reciprocating the feelings he so clearly retained.He seemed to sense her discomfort. "It's alright, you know," he murmured, softly. Their eyes connected and she could see his understanding in those haunted depths. Had he finally accepted the truth? He reached a hand across the table and she took it in her own, squeezing his prison-roughened fingers in a gesture of friendship. It lifted a weight from her soul.Sirius gave her hand one last squeeze before letting her go. Then he smirked, successfully breaking the tension and allowing the tenderness of the moment to seep away. "Besides," he cut into the silence, leaning back in his chair and grinning at her, "I'm too old for you, anyway."…*~*J*~*…The ugly, orange cat with a face like it had run into too many walls as a kitten was playing with something in the hallway when Severus finally slipped out of his room. Ordinarily, he would have ignored the thing and continued on his way, but something about the object on the floor caught his eye. Upon closer inspection, he was baffled to find that the creature's prey was actually a Shrivelfig. Curious. He was certain he hadn't brought any with him, but Shrivelfigs had very little use outside of potion brewing.Ah. And the door closest to the discarded ingredient was that of the Weasley twins. Suspicion prickled at the back of his neck as he stooped to steal back the fig, and the disgruntled feline seemed to pout as he knocked on the door. There was a long pause and Severus was reluctantly proud to see that his ex-students had thought to throw up a Silencing spell.Just as he was beginning to doubt that the twins were actually inside, the door cracked open and George's face appeared. Yes, Severus could tell them apart. He wasn't a spy for two opposing magical madmen for nothing."Er, hullo Professor," the boy began, peering through the narrow slit and attempting to act casual.Severus merely showed him the Shrivelfig and sneered.George laughed. "Is that mine?" he asked. "Hmmmm, I don't think I recognize it. But if I find someone who's missing a… large… purple… prune… I will let you know. Good day." He attempted to close the door, but Severus was too quick. With one blast of wandless magic, the door flew open and George stumbled backwards, landing on his arse in the middle of the floor. "Well, Freddie," the boy told his twin, sounding serious, "looks like the jig is up."Fred was arranging porcupine quills, sopophorous beans, and a few other ingredients on a tall, wooden table that had been awkwardly placed in the center of the room. He tsked disappointedly, but continued with his work as if nothing were amiss. "Sleeping next door to the Potions Master," he shook his head. "What were we thinking?""You're not going to spoil the fun, though, are you Professor? It's bound to be a jolly, good time."Severus narrowed his eyes. There were many potions that called for Shrivelfigs, but the other ingredients could only add up to one thing. "Brewing Elixir to Induce Euphoria is likely one of your most innocuous schemes yet. But aren't you aware of the side-effects of said potion? When the entire Weasley clan begins to sing uncontrollably, I assure you, I will not stick around to enjoy the humor of it."The twins shared a grin before George took a conspiratorial step toward him. "But see, we've added ragweed to the recipe to counteract the singing."Severus shook his head. "Ragweed will reduce the singing to a hum; that is true. But it will also make them drowsy. As I imagine there will also be alcohol served tonight, the guests will be asleep before the festivities even begin."Fred scowled and threw down his quill, turning on his brother. "I told you!""Well I thought it was worth a try…"Severus sighed. What was he doing? Oh, hell. "A sprig of peppermint will counteract the effect."The twins' frowns melted and they blinked at him. "Genius."Severus smirked. "Just before you add the sopophorous beans. But tell me… what precisely are you planning to do with this? Spike the pumpkin juice?"The twins grinned at each other before turning to him. "Better," George told him."The sweets," Fred confessed."And it won't just be Euphoria.""That's the least of 'em.""We've got all sorts of mischief planned.""All harmless, of course.""If a bit humiliating.""Shame you've caught on, really.""Would've been a treat to catch you unawares."Severus scoffed at their arrogance. "You cannot be foolish enough to believe that I would not notice. I know the scent of a potion like you know the taste of a tart. A sweet with a strong enough flavor to mask that from me could not possibly be palatable.""Oh, good," George said evenly, "then we won't be missing anything."Fred lifted a knife to the first Shrivelfig and chopped it in half in one quick stroke, causing Severus to wince and step toward him instinctively. "Not like that!" he scolded, reaching for the knife. "Do you see how you've bruised it? A serrated edge is better for this sort of work." He ran his finger along the blade, muttering the incantation as he might breathe air."You just serrated the knife!" George exclaimed, gaping in awe. The expression did not flatter his features."Yes, Mr. Weasley, it is a simple Transfiguration. I find it much easier to simply change the instrument, as opposed to searching for another mid-brew." He took Fred's place beside the table and began to demonstrate the proper way to slice the Shrivelfigs. "See how a sawing motion keeps the fig from bruising? That will make for a smoother Euphoria.""Ahhh. You're good, Mr. Snape," Fred told him, all seriousness. "Georgie, show him the list.""Right," George said, pulling some parchment from beneath a pile of alihotsy leaves, "see what you make of these.""Some of them haven't been tested, yet.""But they're flawless… in theory.""We'll see about that," Severus answered with a smirk. In truth, he was quite excited by the prospect of reviewing the twins' infamous inventions. They would have done well in his class if only they had been academically inclined. Well… and not Gryffindors. Although, to be perfectly honest, they would have done well in Slytherin. "It seems we are in for an interesting evening," he remarked, reading over their notes. "Are you employing anything to slow the metabolism?"George's brow furrowed in confusion. "What for?""To delay the effects until after they've ingested more than one of the sweets."The twins grinned mischievously back at him and Fred rubbed his hands together in excitement. "I like the way you think, Professor.""What do you suggest?""Burdock root would be the most effective, and I happen to have some here, as it is also used in the Wolfsbane potion. But you will need to add dried coriander seeds, as well, to counteract the mild aphrodisiacal properties." The twins shared a glance at that. "You will have to procure them some other way, however, as I do not have them in stock, here.""That's alright, Professor," Fred told him, grinning mischievously, "we won't be needing them."A voice echoed up the stairwell and the three of them glanced out into the hall, pausing momentarily. "Better close the door," Fred said. "So, Professor, how much do you know about Volubilis Potions?"…*~*J*~*…"Remus!" Harry shouted, leaping up from their game to greet the newest arrival. Ron and Hermione were close behind him. It had been like this all day; the house slowly filling with Weasleys and Order members, though the celebration wouldn't really begin until dinner that night.Tonks popped in behind Remus, shrugging out of her winter coat and carelessly tossing it over the back of the couch. "Wotcher?" She caught each of them in a tight embrace before turning to Hermione. "I've a letter from your mum," she said, withdrawing a crinkled envelope from the front of her robes. "Where's Ginny?""In the kitchen with Mum," Fred answered from behind her as he slipped into the room with his brother."Baking up all sorts of Christmas treats," George elaborated."We were able to filch these," Fred conspired, opening a napkin full of chocolates.Ron immediately reached for one, but Fred pulled them away at the last second. "But… they're not for you.""Like hell they're not," Ron pouted, his face turning red with anger. "Hand them over.""If we give them to you…" George began."…we won't have enough for ourselves.""We estimate another half hour before the Order meeting…""…an hour before it's over…""…a good twenty minutes before everyone clears out…""…thirty for Mum to have dinner ready…""…maybe another hour for dinner itself…""…and then, and only then, will we get the sweets.""So, you see, these'll have to last us a while.""More than three hours, by our calculations."Ron bristled, balling his hands into fists. "Then you shouldn't have shown them to us," he complained."Ah, Georgie, he has a point, there.""Remarkably cruel of us…""Taunting him like that.""S'pose we let him have one of the littler ones?""No, then we'd have an odd number.""S'pose we let him have two?""Not bloody likely. He can have one of yours, then, if you're so keen on being selfless this season.""Alright, Ronikins, you can have one of mine. But mind you, take one of the littler ones."Ron nodded, smiling as he reached into the proffered napkin. "That's all I ask.""Well, we best be off," Fred announced."Yep. Mischief to plan," George agreed, hurrying out of the room. His brother was close behind.The group had barely gotten resettled on the various sofas and chairs before Ron leapt up, grabbing an old vase off a side table and retching horribly into it. Hermione rolled her eyes. Ron needed to learn not to be so trusting of his older brothers."I can't believe you fell for that," Harry told him, deadpan, as he spilled his guts into the vase.Suddenly, Molly Weasley came rushing in with Ginny on her heels. "Oh! Ron, dear, are you alright? Fred told us you were sick. Bad luck and it's almost Christmas."Ron tried to say something, presumably implicating the twins in his sudden illness, but all he could do was bend over the vase and retch again."Pathetic," Ginny murmured, shaking her head. The youngest—and only girl—of the Weasley siblings never would have fallen for Fred and George's trick.Suddenly, a dark shadow slipped past Mrs. Weasley and Severus Snape was there. Hermione's breath caught. How did he manage to affect her so, after all this time? She would never know. "Here," the man growled in an irritated tone, "I have something you can take, if you can manage to choke it down." He reached into his robes and withdrew a tiny vial, handing it to Ron who drained it immediately.Ron looked up at his professor with new respect. "Thank you, Professor."Severus merely sneered. "Yes, well, you ought to be more careful. Those brothers of yours are always up to something.""Oh Severus!" Molly exclaimed, wrapping her arms around the stunned professor, "what would we do without you?" She released the man and Evanescoedthe mess. "So glad we got that taken care of. I was just about to put the tarts in the oven."Hermione knew a moment's suspicion, but before she could analyze the sudden emotion, Madeye Moody burst through the door. "Enough chitchat," he growled, "let's get this meeting started."…*~*J*~*…The Order meeting quickly became a game of 'Let's blame Severus for not having knowledge of any evil Christmas plots.' Clearly he was lying to them, as there must be something planned for the holiday. Or else, he had not been entrusted with that information, because he was suspect in the other camp and therefore useless in theirs. The only thing that kept him from throttling the old Auror, ironically enough, was the promise of an eventful evening to come. He hoped Moody stuck around long enough to taste some of the Christmas treats that were currently cooling on the counter. Molly had batted away many a reaching hand, so far, and Severus hoped no one had opportunity to ruin their plotting before the festivities even began.It was with great relief, after an hour and a half of futile bickering, that Severus swept from the basement kitchen and went to find Hermione. She was in the study, watching her idiot friends play Exploding Snap. As Remus and Nymphadora had settled themselves on one of the couches, Severus felt it would not seem odd for him to do so, as well. He chose the place beside Hermione, albeit two cushions away, and she smiled at no one in particular, making his heart warm strangely in his chest. He fought the impulse to pull her up against him and hold her tight for the world to see. This holiday sure was having an odd effect on him.Passing the time with the Golden Trio and company was actually quite peaceful, and soon enough, dinner was served. Molly had certainly outdone herself, piling the table and counters with savory meats, spiced potatoes, and breaded vegetable dishes sweetened with cinnamon or sautéed with lemon and garlic. An enormous roast took the central position on the table, garnished with carrots and dark radishes. Baskets of freshly baked bread were placed at strategic intervals along the length (which had been magically increased to support the larger group). And through the air, gingerbread reindeer raced, dancing with gleeful enthusiasm and emanating holiday spirit. Severus found that his mouth was watering.There was quite a scrabble to obtain goblets of the hot, mulled cider and claim seats beside favorite friends or family members. Remus gave Severus a bit of a scare when he almost took the place beside Hermione. The faces of those who knew better turned instinctively to catch his reaction, horror evident in their eyes. But then Nymphadora beckoned her beau over to her usual place and stuck him in beside the twins. Severus let out the breath he hadn't realized he'd been holding. Ridiculous, he thought. But it was true that this Christmas Eve dinner would not be the same if he was isolated from her.When the generous fare had filled their bellies and the cider had warmed their blood, the laughter and careless merriment of his company lulled Severus into a state of bleary serenity that was remarkably unfamiliar to him. He felt as if he were being given a glimpse of the life he could have, if he wanted it badly enough. The idea was terrifying. And yet, if he squinted his eyes and focused on the feel of Hermione's hand in his beneath the table, it wasn't really so bad.Years of vigilance in spying would not be swept away with one drunken evening, however, and Severus noticed the first hand that reached for a pie. He suppressed a smirk and a surge of youthful excitement. Oh, yes. It was going to be quite an eventful night.…*~*J*~*…The party spilled over into the study when dinner was over and treats were brought up to augment the Christmas games. The older guests sipped glasses of brandy and Firewhiskey while the younger ones gorged themselves on sweets. Ron was particularly greedy, reaching for every different type of dessert on offer, but was that really a surprise? Hermione just rolled her eyes and smiled. When he came to her with a Christmas popper, she pulled the other end and out burst a great, green snow bunny that dashed around the room before vanishing with a pop."I best be off," Madeye told them as they set up a game of Exploding Snap. "We each have our orders for tomorrow. Here's hoping we won't be needing them." He began to leave before turning back to them. "Oh, and Happy Christmas, I suppose.""Wait!" George shouted, leaping up to catch the man before he left. "Take some dessert with you." Madeye accepted the proffered sweets, and then he was gone.Hermione reached for the plate of apple tarts and offered one to Severus. He declined with a casual gesture of his hand and almost seemed to smirk about something. She broke through the flaky pastry with her teeth and sighed in contentment. It was still warm. Gods, sometimes, she really loved magic. The tangy sweet apple concoction within was hot on her tongue as she savored every crispy, gooey, spicy bite. It was so good that she felt she had to have another. Maybe cherry this time."Ron, are you alright?" Ginny's voice was heavy with concern and Hermione turned to see that the boy in question was growing redder by the second."'M fine," Ron told her, his calm voice at odds with his complexion. "Why?""You're turning red," Ginny informed him. In truth, the color had far surpassed any natural hue. Ron was the color of St. Nicholas's robes."Am I?" Ron looked confused. "I suppose it is a bit warm, but that's no reason blah gadoodle."A few more heads turned toward the boy at that. "Come again?" Ginny choked back a laugh.Ron, himself, looked quite a bit taken aback. "Bah madeedle blurg cafurtle." His eyes grew wide, and he must have felt the need to try again. "Blurg cobble tah wah teedle beetle."Fred and George suddenly burst into laughter, apparently unable to contain themselves another moment. Mrs. Weasley was less than impressed. "Boys," she began in a scolding tone, "I would hate to think that you batoodle claw." The Weasley matriarch gasped and clapped a hand over her mouth, astonished. Then her hand dropped and indignant rage swelled in her expression as she, too, began to turn red, but not from any spell. "BLAH COODLE TER DABA BOO!" Every word only seemed to make her angrier as the twins' laughter grew to uncontrollable hysterics and they fell on the floor in tears. "KER BLUDGE BAH PERDA FABA CHEE!"Mr. Weasley reached for his wife in an attempt to comfort her as he grinned in apparent pride at his sons. His own complexion was quickly turning green. "I don't know what you've done," he told the boys, "but it's so nice just having everyone together.""Bee may toodle kerchaw be ruff," Mrs. Weasley reasoned, angrily, "ker babble tahdy ray me rot!"Ginny's mouth fell open in amusement and a stream of bubbles poured out, floating away in all different directions. Seeing this, the girl began to laugh uncontrollably, emitting multicolored bubbles with every gale.Hermione turned to look at Severus, finding him unaffected, but with a definite smirk on his face. If she didn't know better, she would think he had known this was going to happen. "Slytherin colors suit you," he murmured only loud enough for her to hear. Hermione's eyes grew wide and she glanced down at her hands to find that they had, indeed, turned green. She gaped back up at the man before her, but he only sneered.Mrs. Weasley was having a fit, waving her arms in the air and shouting at the twins. "BLER JABA TEE JICKLE TRAW!" The words may not have been there, but everyone could guess what she was saying. "JURTLE BEE KABBA BOO!"Chaos seemed to break out in the study as Harry and Ginny collapsed back against the couch, tickling each other so that continuous streams of bubbles poured out of each of their mouths."You know," Mr. Weasley continued over the noise to no one in particular, "these are the sorts of moments that matter most. I hope every one of you knows how much you mean to me…""You're right, Arthur," Remus agreed, clapping the older man on the shoulder, "I don't know what I would do without the lot of you. I didn't have much of anyone in my life until a few short years ago. And now… I just feel like I have a family, again."Mrs. Weasley began to tear up with emotion, reaching for the two sentimental men and pulling them into a big bear hug. "Ma doodle," she sobbed, "kertle bah teraimy loo."Tonks leapt up, grabbing some of the pastries and tackling the twins with fistfuls of sweets. "You laced the tarts! I know it was you! And I know it was the tarts, or why else would you have sent them with Madeye!? You sneaky buggers! Come here and taste them, yourself!""Now Tonks," Sirius murmured from the comfort of his armchair, "my sweet cousin, there's no need for that. Two wrong's don't make a right, and all that. An eye for an eye makes the whole world blind, don't you know. 'Tis the Season. We should just be happy to have each other."Harry shouted out at that, as if attempting to agree. "Cha me fa boorang talooba!" He laughed happily, filling the room with more bubbles as Ginny wrestled him to the couch. Her red skin made her look like some sort of Christmas demon. Ron jumped into the mix and together the two boys overpowered poor Ginny. Well, she couldn't let that happen, could she? Hermione leapt up and darted over to the couch where her friends were tickle-fighting, intent on teaching those boys a thing or two. But her gleeful dash toward them was abruptly halted in the center of the floor for no apparent reason at all. For one long, confused moment, Hermione just stood there, wondering what potion could have made her motionless so suddenly. And then she realized… it wasn't a potion at all.It was with dread that she tilted her face up to see the mistletoe hanging straight above her. Those sneaky, good-for-nothing imbeciles! What was she to do, now? Luckily, for the moment, everyone was far too preoccupied with the effects of the twins' treats to notice her predicament.She stalled, glancing around the room for inspiration. Surely there must be some way out of this! And then her stomach dropped painfully as she met eyes with none other than Sirius Black. He immediately understood her dilemma and was on his feet in one swift motion, heading her way, as if to rescue her.…*~*J*~*…The carelessness of Christmas merriment fled in an instant when he caught sight of Hermione beneath the mistletoe. He hadn't even considered the likelihood that such banal methods of mischief would be called upon this evening, and therefore had no strategy for avoidance. And why, oh why… Of all the people present, did it have to be Hermione who was caught in its devious snare? He was sure no one else had noticed, yet. But then, without warning, the mutt was up and headed toward her. Severus panicked. Had it been Potter… or even Weasley… Or… well… anyone else present… but Black?! The man had been his nemesis since childhood; had thwarted his progress with Lily every step of the way; had taunted him in his weakest moments. Was he to watch this man kiss his Hermione? Kiss her as he had that time before, in her own bed? When he had done unspeakable things to her? Things that had almost led to his own obliteration at Severus's hands… Hermione would not welcome that man's touch.Before he had even reached a conclusion in his logical, pragmatic mind, Severus was on his feet and sweeping toward the girl beneath the mistletoe. Without taking the time to decide what was best, he knew what he had to do. There was no way around it. He could not allow Sirius Black to touch his Hermione ever again.So he stepped beneath the mistletoe.For one long moment, nothing happened. The world seemed to freeze. Black was beside them, frozen mid-stride, gaping at him as if he'd just admitted to being a vampire. And Hermione was staring at him too, her eyes wide with alarm and something else. Could that be hope? Then the laughter on the couch died away, leaving only the reminiscent murmurings of the Euphoric men on the other side of the room and the sound of Nymphadora attempting to wrestle the twins into submission. But those, too, faded into silence as he continued to hesitate. Had he been less afraid, they might not have noticed at all. But his preoccupation cost him whatever discretion he might have had and Severus quickly became aware of the eyes now locked onto their figures beneath the mistletoe. Maybe this was a mistake.He was beginning to panic internally when her little hand reached out for his in a gesture of unity. He released the breath he'd been holding and caught her other hand in his as well. When she stepped toward him, his worries seemed to flee. Their movement was simultaneous as she rose up onto her tiptoes and Severus lowered his face to hers. Just a gentle brush of tender flesh set them free of the spell that bound them together, and yet they lingered. Hermione melted into his touch, opening her mouth and sighing happily as she leaned against him without warning. He realized, rather belatedly, that she must have gotten a dose of the Euphoria. Reluctantly pulling away, he met her eyes for one last gesture of support before they broke apart and turned back to the other occupants of the room.









Chapter 53





Chapter Text
For one long moment, no one moved. The world was still and frozen as the frosted wonderland beyond their grimy walls. Mouths gaped and eyes refused to blink as all the inhabitants of 12 Grimmauld simultaneously processed the scene before them.Then, suddenly, the solid mass of Sirius Black collided with Severus, knocking the breath out of him in one heavy blow as the two men crashed uncontrollably to the floor. The flurry of sensation—hardwood floor unforgiving on impact, a sharp pang in the back of his head, an elbow in his ribs, the weight of the clumsy mutt as he landed on top of him with an 'oof!'—was not enough to keep Severus from reaching his wand before Black had the chance to rethink his aggressive impulse.There was a flurry of commotion in Severus's peripheral as the room broke into chaos and he was dimly aware of someone shrieking in alarm. Somehow, the Potions Master inside of him still managed to remark upon the fact that Black's anger had overridden the effects of the Elixir to Induce Euphoria. But most of his attention was focused on blasting the bastard back off of his person."You bloody bastard!" Black was shouting. His hands had found their way around Severus's neck. "How dare you touch her like that!?" It was all that Severus could stand. His magic flared with a surge of fiery anger and Black was suddenly flying backwards and crashing into a table full of treats.Severus was on his feet, wand drawn, facing his foe before Black had a chance to right himself. "How dare you presume to defend her from me!? How dareyou act so righteous after everything you've done?!"Black, who had been about to respond, cut off at that remark, gaping incredulously up at him. Then his gaze turned to Hermione and Severus could see betrayal fueling the anger in his eyes. A moment later, that anger was turned back onto Severus as Black suddenly whipped his wand from his sleeve. But before he had a chance to make a move, Remus had grabbed onto his old friend, restraining him as a handful of other wands appeared between the two foes, ready to stop the imminent fight from breaking out."He drugged her!" Black shouted in protest, struggling against his friend. "He took advantage of her!""No!" Hermione shouted at the same moment that Severus said, "Yes. Clearly that was my plan." His voice seethed with resentment and disdain. "And in full view of everyone present," he spat, angrily. "As a spy, I lack for subtlety."Black would not be swayed. "She was trapped! That was no accident!""No!" Severus agreed, his anger bursting through the control he usually kept so rigidly in check. "It was not.""Sirius, calm down," Remus cut in with a soothing voice. "I'm sure there is a very good explanation for all of this.""The hell there is," Black spat.But Remus was persistent. "Fighting with Severus won't do anyone any good."The ex-con seemed to give a bit at that, releasing his breath in one angry huff and shoving his friend away. There he stood like an angry dog judging the fierceness of a rival from a wary distance. He lowered his wand to the floor, but kept his fiery eyes trained on the Potions Master whose wand still followed his restless movements."Well?" Molly cut into the growing silence with an impatient gesture of her hands. Only very grave emotions were capable of undoing the effects of the Volubilis Potion, so she must have been livid. Severus turned to see that he had become the focus, once again, as every person present was staring at him with confusion or alarm. They clearly awaited some sort of explanation."Severus?" Arthur prompted. The Weasley Patriarch so seldom voiced his own disapproval that the sound of it just now made Severus's heart throb with guilt. He had no explanation. At least, nothing that they would accept. How had this happened? He was always so careful, and here he'd gone and thrown caution to the wind, trapping them in this impossible situation. He briefly considered Obliviating their audience, but quickly tossed the notion aside."He doesn't owe you anything." Hermione's voice startled him from his defensive stance and there was a collective gasp at her daring assertion. "To be honest, it's none of your concern."Molly was understandably incensed at that. "Well, I'd say it is my concern if a child in my protection is being manipulated.""I'm not a child," Hermione replied, rather too calmly for her notoriously passionate disposition. "And I am not being manipulated.""Well of course you don't realize…""No, you don't realize," Hermione interrupted, causing the room to freeze in breathless shock. "You don't realize what I've been through and you don't realize how much Severus has done for me the past few months.""Severus?" Black cut in, incredulously."Yes." The girl's tone was hard and final. "That is his name.""He's your professor!" the mutt argued. "He's twice your age!""No older than you!"Black looked as if he had been smacked in the face. "So this is the one you were talking about? You're in love with him?! Hermione, do you know what this man has done? He's a Death Eater!""Was!" Hermione had taken a defensive stance beside Severus who was at a loss for words. Everyone seemed to be closing in on them. "He was a Death Eater. And you will never know the price he has paid for that long-ago mistake. He has given his life to the Cause.""You are too young to understand what it means to have been a Death Eater, Hermione." Black's voice was so patronizing that Severus could feel Hermione bristle beside him. When she spoke, her voice was deadly quiet and an octave deeper than before."Do not tell me what I know of Death Eaters. I was tortured by them. I would be dead if not for him!"There was a long, tense silence as everyone seemed at a loss for words. No one had any rebuttal for this assertion. They could not deny that it was true. Then, just as Molly seemed about to protest, Potter spoke up from his place beside the couch. "So would I, for that matter." All heads turned toward the Boy-Who-Lived."And me too," Ginny Weasley agreed, stepping forward."Ow!" Ronald complained as his sister elbowed him in the ribs. "Er, yeah, me too."Molly sighed. "No one is debating that…""Well I say 'good for them.'" Nymphadora stepped into the middle of the room and placed herself beside Hermione. "There's a war on and they've managed to find something good amidst all the… chaos," she gestured frantically with her arms. "They shouldn't be afraid to love each other." Her words sent a shock through the room and Severus felt distinctly uncomfortable, but then Hermione latched onto his arm and he hesitated a moment, fighting the urge to push her away and make a run for it, before pulling her against him in a gesture of unity."It's Christmas," Remus added, moving to Nymphadora's side. "Personally, I think it's about time they got this out in the open." Severus's brows furrowed and Remus smiled at him. "Oh yes," he said, "I've known for quite a while."Black almost seemed to growl. "And you didn't bother telling me?" he asked his old friend, incensed.Remus gave the old Marauder a patient glance. "It wasn't my secret to divulge."George shifted uncomfortably at that. "Yeah," he added from his place beside his twin, "that's why I didn't tell either. Sorry, Freddy."There was a mumble of agreement from Potter and his gang by the couch as Fred gaped at his brothers in shock, but quickly seemed to accept this betrayal with grace. "Come to think of it," he said, "I guess it explains a lot, huh? I mean… I suppose we all sort of knew, didn't we?""Well, in retrospect…" Arthur Weasley spoke up, to Severus's surprise, shrugging good-humoredly, "I guess it makes a strange sort of sense, doesn't it?"His wife, however, was not so easily convinced. "What are you talking about, Arthur?" She was incensed. "Hermione is half his age! He was a Death Eater when she was just a babe!""Now, Molly," Arthur reasoned in his rarely-used authoritative tone, "that's hardly fair. Your own parents were nearly twenty years apart in age.""It's not the same Arthur! He's her professor for Heaven's sake!"To everyone astonishment, Arthur grinned mischievously and winked at his wife. "And I've been your Professor a time or two, as I recall."Molly turned bright red and floundered for some sort of explanation for her husband's errant confession as the Weasley children reacted in a number of different ways. Ginevra's mouth dropped open in unabashed shock as Fred and George turned to each other and guffawed, but Ronald Weasley looked like he might be sick as he contemplated the floor beneath his feet in horror.Nymphadora stepped forward at that moment, gesturing with her hands to the room at large. "The point is, it's Christmas! This is a time for celebration and family and love! And that's why…" she turned to Remus, reaching for his hand and gesturing for him to continue her line of thought."Why we've decided to announce our engagement," he finished, blushing awkwardly as the young witch planted a solid kiss against his cheek.Ginny Weasley shrieked excitedly and leapt up to congratulate the Metamorphmagus, capturing her in an enthusiastic embrace."That is exciting news," Molly allowed, smiling despite herself. It was clear that she did not want to drop the topic, but suddenly the matter was out of her hands. Severus's shoulders immediately eased and he found himself clapping Remus on the back in congratulations. Funny what relief will make you do."When are you going to have the wedding?" Hermione wanted to know. And just like that, the scandal was dropped; allowed, for the moment, to slip between the cracks in conversation. But Severus was not foolish enough to believe that it would not be dragged to the surface again, and very soon.…*~*J*~*…Severus was among the first to slip off to bed that night, no doubt fleeing the scrutiny of his fellow Order members. Hermione didn't blame him. While it would have been nice to spend the rest of Christmas Eve in his company, they weren't quite to the cuddling-in-front-of-people level yet, so it was probably for the best. They was deeply immersed in a game of Exploding Snap when Mr. and Mrs. Weasley decided to turn in for the night. Hermione did not miss the lingering glance that the Weasley matriarch sent in her direction, likely wanting to impart a few more words of caution before letting the young girl out of her sight. But Mr. Weasley leaned over to his wife, whispering in her ear as he gently turned her toward the door. "Have a good night," he called out to the rest of the room. "Be sure to get some sleep or St. Nicholas won't be able to come and leave his gifts." He winked at Hermione and led his wife from the room.It was late when the others finally went up to bed, but Hermione stayed, clutching a letter from her mother to her chest and knowing that they had only dodged one of the many bullets yet to come. For the fourth or so time, she unfolded the paper and skimmed through Harriet Granger's tidy handwriting.
Dear Hermione,

Your father and I miss you so much this Christmas. It doesn't seem right to be without you now, especially considering that you are not at the school. I have asked 'Tonks' if we might visit tomorrow, but she says that it is unlikely the Headmaster would allow it. I understand the need for precautions, but it seems to me that a blanket rule is hardly reasonable. Surely there can be no threat from two 'muggles' such as ourselves. It seems unfair that they will have you this Christmas, when it sounds like it could easily be our last.

Missing you terribly,

Mum
Her mother was right. There was no telling how much longer they had together. It was just like Tonks had said, Christmas was a time for celebration and family and love. She should not be apart from her family. And it was even more imperative than that. "There's a war on," the Metamorphmagus had said, "and they've managed to find something good amidst all the… chaos." Something good amidst the chaos. Love. It suddenly seemed so silly to keep her love a secret. It was more than just some emotion she happened to cradle in the deepest part of her soul. Love was a miracle in a world of pain. Love could be the key to the victory of Light over Dark."Darkness cannot drive out darkness; only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate; only love can do that." Hermione thought about the Philosopher's Stone and how she knew in her heart that Severus's dark past—the Nigredo of his soul—could be washed away. With love.But would he accept such an offering? The reclusive Slytherin spy tended to pull away every time Hermione attempted to pull him closer. A declaration of love could easily shatter the fragile balance they had only recently established. Sadly, he would probably feel threatened by it; pressured into reciprocation. If only there was some way he could just know how she felt… If he could feel it for himself…Hermione gasped into the darkness, sudden excitement pulsing through her veins. After weeks of wracking her brain, searching shops and scouring catalogues, she finally had her answer. It would take all night, she'd have to invent the spell herself, and it would likely leave her physically, emotionally and magically drained, but that would be worth it. For him, I would do anything. And come morning, if she was successful, she would finally have a present for Severus.…*~*J*~*…
Please Review!

You guys keep me going!

LOVE

:} llorolalluvia










Chapter 54





Chapter Text
Hermione woke with a jolt to find herself splayed awkwardly across the floor of the Black family library. For a moment, her exhaustion muffled the memories of the previous evening, filling her mind with the hazy echoes of half-forgotten dreams. Then she saw it. A puddle of moonlight falling from an upper window seemed to ignite the object with a magical glow. It was beautiful.There were voices in the hallway, she realized belatedly. That must have been what roused her from sleep in the first place. Drained entirely from her efforts to create this tiny masterpiece, Hermione had slipped into unconsciousness the moment the spell had ended. Now, however, excitement pulsed through her veins and weariness fell away in the light of her elation. Hesitant yet eager, she reached out fingertips to touch the glittering surface of her treasure.
It worked!
Thrilled, Hermione pocketed the object and jumped to her feet, leaping silently to the doorway in three springy steps. She was practically bursting with euphoria.In the hallway, the unmistakable voices of Mr. and Mrs. Weasley drifted up from the basement kitchen and Hermione suddenly felt the need to use discretion."I'll have a talk with her tomorrow," the Weasley matriarch was saying."You will do no such thing," argued her husband. "It's Christmas for Merlin's sake. You'll only put a damper on her spirits." The grandfather clock at the end of the hall read just after three in the morning. They must have been setting up St. Nicholas's Christmas gifts. Hermione considered making a run for it, but her curiosity won out once again. Carefully, she crept closer to the arguing Weasleys."Some things are more important than Christmas, Arthur.""It can wait another day. They've had a rough time of it, the lot of them. She needs a bit of holiday cheer just now.""Yes and I'm sure once she's caught up in that cheer, she'll simply give the man a Christmas hug and be done with it. She's just a girl, Arthur. I don't like it one bit.""Now, Molly, you know better than that. Hermione is a very intelligent young woman, not at all prone to such rash behavior. Surely you don't expect…""I don't know what I expect anymore, Arthur. To hear Remus tell it, they've been involved for quite some time. And right under my nose! How did I not see it?""There, there, dear. I'm sure it's nothing serious as of yet. Severus is a very private man." Isn't that the truth? "Can you imagine how hard it must have been for him to confess his feelings for a Gryffindor? Likely, Hermione's had a time of it just getting him to kiss her. In fact, I wouldn't be surprised if that was their very first one.""In front of everyone? A likely story! It isn't as if this is some youthful romance. He's a grown man, Arthur! There's a war on. Don't tell me he isn't like to want more from the girl if he's liable to be dead soon!""Shhhh! Keep your voice down. You'll wake the house." There was a pause in which Hermione noticed the angry pounding of her heart. "Anyway Severus is a good man. For all his bluster, he does care about his students. I maintain that if either of them is pushing for more, it's sure to be Hermione.""And if she is?" Mrs. Weasley's voice was soft with concern and helplessness.Arthur sighed into the silence. "Then I wish them the best."There was a long pause before the woman answered; her voice a broken whisper. "You can't mean that." But Arthur did not respond and Hermione slipped away before either could learn of her presence. With such concerns floating around the house, it would be easy for this step forward to become a few steps back. Even imagining Severus's reaction to those words nearly made her groan aloud. He'd been the first to bed to escape their judgment. Who knew what sorts of thoughts had been festering inside that cynical mind in the interim.Just imagining the man all alone in that big bed at the top of the stairs made Hermione's heart throb in excitement for the day to come. Would he like her gift? It was certainly an enormous risk, but somehow she felt that he would. Oh Merlin! What will he think? Pausing outside of the door to her room, Hermione realized that she just couldn't wait to see him. In a surge of euphoria, she practically flew up the stairs, taking them two steps at a time and stopping only when she reached his door. With a fist waiting in midair, ready to knock, she hesitated. What if he pushed her away again? But then she found that it didn't matter. She wanted to see him and by the gods she was going to.Three soft raps threw the silence of the hall into sharp relief and made Hermione feel anxiously alone. Everything seemed to hang on his response… or lack thereof.The door flew open with one swift motion and Hermione took a step back in surprise. There the Potions Master stood, a dressing gown thrown haphazardly around his shoulders and half-sleeping eyes thrown open with fright. Clearly he had expected much more than the girl at his door, smiling uncertainly up at him before taking his hand and stepping into the room."Hermione?" Severus's deep voice was roughened by sleep, but his confusion was eloquent all the same. "'s the middle of the night.""I know," she admitted bashfully, closing the door as she slowly led the man back to bed. "I just wanted to see you."That seemed to appease him for Severus said nothing else as she helped him remove the old robe and followed him beneath the sheets. Pulling the heavy duvet up to their shoulders, Hermione snuggled up to her professor and he sighed in contentment, draping one arm over her small frame and slipping his hand beneath the hem of her nightshirt to rest against the hot skin of her back. She was drifting back to sleep when his sharp intake of breath brought her right back to reality. "It's Christmas," he said, sounding somehow excited through the haze of sleepiness. Hermione had not taken Severus to be a 'Christmas' kind of guy. "Happy Christmas," he muttered contentedly, sinking back into slumber before she could even reply."Happy Christmas," she whispered, smiling.…*~*J*~*…Severus awakened in a warm cocoon of soft linen, his body molded around the supple form of Hermione Granger. Together, they rested in perfect bliss, protected from the outside world by the tangled coziness of their bedclothes. Here, they answered to no one.His eyes snapped open at the sudden recollection and he groaned. The secret was out now. There was nothing he could do about it. Except perhaps Obliviate them all, he thought idly, but quickly dismissed the notion. No, no. That would be wrong. Damn. He had been so uncomfortable the night before, the eyes of the Order secretly seeking him out when the practiced spy was sure not to notice. Idiots, the lot of them. Pacing his room until weariness crept up on him, Severus had convinced himself that the whole ordeal would wedge itself between them, undoing all the progress they had made. If you can call it progress. But he'd been such a fool. Hermione was not ashamed of him; she'd come to him in the night, eager to be beside him. And she had implored him on other occasions to allow her nearer, too. How could it be that the little Gryffindor was not ashamed of her ugly old professor, but he had felt the need to separate himself from her? He should be proud to stand beside her, for it was certain he did not care what the others thought. The only one who mattered was the very one he'd pushed away. How could he have been so foolish?Pulling the sleeping girl closer to him, Severus bent to nuzzle the nape of her neck, allowing her riotous curls to tickle his overlarge nose. It was liberating to allow himself to hold her, completely unbothered by the opinions of the others in the house. After all, it didn't matter what they thought, because all of them were wrong.Hermione moaned and lazily stretched out within his arms. Her soft, warm body felt so decidedly perfect there that Severus couldn't keep himself from squeezing her to him. She giggled in a voice broken with heavy slumber. "Happy Christmas," she said."Happy Christmas," he replied, breathing in the perfume of her skin. He would be content to spend the day right here, in bed with her. Her body was a comfort superior to any pillow or blanket. Her nearness gave him peace that nothing else could ever afford. It was strange, being happy. He could stay like this all day, frozen in this moment of unfamiliar bliss.But Hermione had other plans. Twisting around in his arms, those cinnamon eyes were suddenly gazing up into his and Severus's breath caught in his throat. She was so beautiful, so perfect, and she was his. He caught her lips and teased them apart, tasting her with the tip of his tongue. She moaned into his mouth and pushed him over, pinning him to the mattress as she poured herself into their kiss. How had he ever come by such luck?They made slow, lazy love as if the world could wait and coaxed each other into flames. Afterward, spent and dazed, Severus watched Hermione's small body slowly rise and fall with each of his heavy breaths, her skin rosy with a sultry flush."We should probably bathe," he heard himself saying. It would hardly do for the two of them to show up late for breakfast and smelling of sex."Mmmhmmm," Hermione agreed sleepily. Her head popped up with a sudden smile and she lifted herself to straddle him. "I have a present for you," she said.Severus was suddenly anxious. "I have a gift for you, as well," he told her. Severus Snape did not do gifts. He was so out of practice that the tedious process of choosing a suitable one for Hermione had taken him rather longer than such a simple task ought to take. It left him feeling nervous and uneasy. What if she didn't like it? What if her gift was more of a practical nature and made his seem overly sentimental? What if he had misjudged the appropriateness of the small object currently waiting in the drawer beside his bed? Would she think he had not given it enough thought? Or worse, that he had given it too much?Well, there was nothing for it but to get it over with. So without hesitating another moment, Severus reached into the drawer beside his bed and pulled out a small gift-wrapped box. Holding it out to her, he found it an effort to keep from trembling. Such nerves had not accosted him since… well… Lily. It was an unwelcome shock.Not bothered by her nakedness, Hermione accepted the small offering with an excited grin. Severus's heart sank. What if she was disappointed? What if he was a failure? It was as if he were stepping out over a precipice and either she would catch him or she would let him fall. The feeling was only too familiar, and he silently marveled at the fact that another woman could cause him to feel that vulnerable after so many years of studied apathy. How had he allowed himself to fall into this position once again?And then she was tearing at the paper, delicate fingers ripping at the fragile wrappings with such fervor that it might have been his soul. But would she like what she found inside? He held his breath.The simple black box revealed was gently pried open by her eager hands and Severus could feel his heart pounding as he studied her face. The necklace was simple; made entirely of silver, the delicate chain held only the twisted figure of a slender lemniscate. By Severus's own hand, the silver had been charmed to move, following its course through that side-ways figure-eight for all eternity. He liked to think that if he died—when he died—it would be as if a part of him were with her still. But in the fashion of a seasoned Slytherin, though he knew in his heart that this necklace was a promise of forever, the subtle gesture was carefully hidden away in the folds of her own obsession with the symbol. He could easily say that it was merely an image that had meaning to her with no sentimental symbolism on his part.And yet, when Hermione's eyes drank in the sight of his precious gift, her eyes filled up with tears. And he knew, immediately, that she had seen right past the more superficial motivations for such a present and straight into the heart of the matter. "Oh, Severus," she whispered, pressing fingertips to her lips. "It's perfect!"Before he knew it, the girl had flung her arms around him, tackling him to the sheets. There she held him for an overlong minute, her blatant enthusiasm and bare breasts making him decidedly uncomfortable. But then she pulled away and he found himself wanting to pull her back."I wanted to get you a book," he found himself telling her awkwardly, as she fastened the thing around her neck. It looked so right against her bare skin, the silver gleaming as it slowly twisted. "You don't wear much jewelry," he informed her. "A book would have been the obvious choice.""It is true that I love books," she nodded, considering. Then she turned a spectacular grin on him and met his eyes with such raw sincerity that his breath was stolen away and said "but they are not the only things I love." For a moment, they were frozen in shocked silence as the implication of her words fell over them. Then Hermione cleared her throat, flushing beautifully, and reached down beside the bed, ruffling through her discarded pajamas before righting herself and cradling a fist to her breast. "I didn't have a chance to wrap it," she confessed. Severus was suddenly uncomfortable again. He was not accustomed to being given gifts and it made him feel uneasy. He would be humiliated if he had put more thought into his present than she had. And then there was the matter of 'thanks.' He was not a man to express copious amounts of gratitude, so whatever he managed now would likely be grudging at best, and she would probably get her feelings hurt. Dear Merlin, how was he supposed to act?Hermione seemed to be having similar misgivings, if her hesitation was any indication. "It's not particularly useful," she told him, clenching her fist and avoiding his eyes. "I wanted to get you a book." Worry was creasing her brow now and Severus felt compelled to reassure her, and at a loss as to how. "But then I didn't know what books you already had or what sorts of things you like to read…""It is true that I love books," he chided gently, reaching out to brush a curl behind her ear. She flushed and smiled and met his eyes with a twinkle in her own. And she reached out her hand and slowly opened her fist to reveal an old, ornate key. Severus blinked down at it, hit by a sudden panic that he now had to respond. Stalling for time, he reached for the object, but Hermione withdrew her hand before he could touch it."It doesn't go to anything," she told him. "That is… I sort of conjured it out of thin air, so it really is purely symbolic." She flushed and Severus fought for words, unsure how to take that. "I mean…" she struggled, "physically, at least. I mean…" she took a deep, steadying breath, "that isn't the gift." Severus could only blink at her and at last a proud smile slowly spread across her face. "You have to hold it," she told him. "I had to invent a charm to do it. It took me most of the night. It had to be perfect." She laughed at herself, seeming to realize at last that she'd been rambling. "That is… I've charmed it so that when you hold it in your hand, you'll feel the way I feel for you." Severus was stunned. He had felt the need to carefully conceal a vague promise within the excuse of a symbol she studied and bury it behind packaging and paper. But what she held was nothing more and nothing less than her own pure, raw emotion plucked from the very air and her own open heart and handed to him with no trappings save the symbol that had brought them together in the first place. He was at a loss for words.When she offered it to him, she was giving him herself. Both of them knew it, and she had not felt the need to hide it. There was hardly a better way to make herself so vulnerable, but she did so without fear that he would not catch her when she fell. She trusted him. Or perhaps that didn't matter to her at all. He would never admit it to anyone else, but in that moment, Severus Snape had no doubt at all; the wisp of a girl straddling his naked knees was much stronger than he'd ever be. And he loved her.Hermione allowed the key to tumble from her fingers, landing in his outstretched palm. And as his hand closed around the precious gift, he was filled with such unrestrained emotion that it took his breath away. There was no guilt, no hurt, no insecurity. He felt no anger, no hatred, no pain. There was only one all-consuming emotion that seemed to fill the cavity of his chest with warmth and light. It brought tears to his eyes.She loved him. There was no other word for it. For months he had wanted to label it 'lust' or 'admiration,' 'intrigue,' 'respect,' 'obsession,' 'affection,' or even a silly schoolgirl 'crush.' But there was no denying the truth of the feeling inside him. There was no need to say the words. He understood. A lifetime of anger and isolation and finally he knew what it meant to be loved.…*~*J*~*…The kitchen was alive with excitement when Hermione slipped through the door. Wrapping paper was strewn everywhere and her friends were busy stuffing their faces with sausages and eggs, toast, porridge, pastries and an assortment of different Christmas drinks. Piles of presents cluttered the table and Hermione was quick to note that the books she had given the boys had quickly made their way to the very bottom. Typical. She also noticed that Harry had been gifted with a Weasley sweater, once again. She, of course, had not. It was a familiar oversight and only made her feel even less guilty for not wanting to become part of the Weasley clan.Settling herself into the chair beside her own stack of gifts, Hermione tucked in to the breakfast offered and set to work unwrapping. Sugar quills and Bertie Botts from Ron, actual quills and an assortment of different-colored inks (black, blue, green, and red) from Harry, a scandalous set of Slytherin green satin pajamas (which she quickly stuffed back into the bag, glancing around to be sure no one had seen) from Ginny, a large book from Neville which bore the title The Power of Plants: A Guide to Medicinal Herbology (presumably because she liked books and this was one of his favorite ones), and lastly another book-shaped package hand-wrapped in birthday paper from Luna. Hermione snorted softly at the way the garish colors of Luna's present clashed spectacularly with the rest. Does she mean something by it, or did she simply not notice at all? Somehow, Hermione felt it was the former.The birthday paper ripped as easily as all the Christmas paper had and Hermione stared down at the intricate cover of a shockingly serious-looking book. The Kybalion, it was called, and in the place of an author's name was written simply "Three Initiates." Credibility seriously injured, the book was set aside as yet another conspiracy theory happily endorsed by the Lovegoods.When Severus Snape swept into the crowded kitchen, the merry chatter quickly dissipated. A moment later, the roomful of staring faces averted their gaze almost at once and suddenly Mrs. Weasley's famous scrambled eggs were the most interesting thing in the room. Only Hermione kept her eyes on the austere man who smirked and headed straight towards her. To her great astonishment and relief the presence of the others no longer seemed to bother him as it once had. She could only pray that would not be temporary."Happy Christmas," Severus told her, seeming for all the ears in the room to be greeting her after a long night apart."Happy Christmas," she replied, content to let the others believe what they would. There was no reason to shock them any further just yet."Severus!" Molly Weasley exclaimed a tad bit tardy, bustling over to the man as if to separate the two. "There are plates on the counter. Help yourself to anything you like. I've made eggs and bacon, there's ham, sausages…" Severus's eyes glinted as he allowed himself to be led away, nodding politely at the long string of unnecessary commentary describing the various foods he could clearly see steaming right in front of him. The Professor filled a plate and took the seat right beside Hermione, but hardly had his bony arse connected with the chair when Molly jumped up once again. "Oh, no, Severus! I'm sorry, but I've laid out Sirius's gifts at that seat. Perhaps you'd be more comfortable on the end there…"The Potions Master's good mood was looking more and more fragile by the minute, but he would not give in to the woman's demands. Instead, withdrawing his ebony wand in one quick movement, the wizard relocated Sirius's gifts to the corner seat, far away from the rest of the group. Hermione only barely bit back a grin at his nerve and busied herself with finishing the last of her bacon.When the room eventually returned to a state of relative equilibrium, Hermione cleared her throat. "Mrs. Weasley," she began uncertainly, addressing the rule-enforcer of the house, "I was wondering if I might visit my parents today. They've been awfully concerned about me and it is Christmas, after all."Mrs. Weasley's sad smile was full of compassion. "I don't know, Hermione. It hasn't been cleared with the Headmaster, and there's no telling when we'll be seeing him next…""Rubbish," Severus spat, his hand balling into a fist around his napkin. "If the Headmaster intends to isolate the girl from her family on such a day, with no sound basis for concern, one can only infer that it is but another demonstration of his prodigious talent for manipulation. I see no reason why she should not visit them."Mrs. Weasley was clearly at a loss for words and her husband took that opportunity to address the matter, himself. "Severus," he reasoned, calmly, "no one is to leave the house without the Headmaster's leave. If there is, indeed, no reason for concern, I'm sure Albus will consent to let her go."Severus's derisive snort expressed his disinclination to subscribe to such optimism, but he seemed to consider the other man's words. "I will give him until noon to make his appearance," he said, "but when he does not arrive, I will escort the girl to her parents' current residence and suffer the old man's fury if that is how he chooses to respond."Molly shot a wary glance at her husband, but Arthur seemed appeased by the other wizard's answer and allowed the subject to drop with a contented nod as he returned to his breakfast with vigor.…*~*J*~*…She heard the roaring of the wind and the crashing of the waves before they had even fully landed on the beach. Unprepared for the soft sand beneath her feet, Hermione immediately crumpled into a messy heap as the frozen air tore at her hair and cloak, tugging harshly at her from every direction. Severus helped her to stand, drawing her close and bracing her weight as they began to walk. The house was not far and they arrived almost before the nausea of Apparition had subsided."They should be expecting you," Severus told her, awkwardly planting his feet in the sand. She already knew that he had sent an owl to her parents an hour past, telling them of her coming, and so presumed that this reminder was his subtle way of saying that he would not be going with her. Her heart sank, but only slightly. It was probably for the best, she reasoned. Her parents were not quite ready for all of that. Setting her jaw in determination, Hermione nodded briskly to the man and turned away. Before she could so much as lift a foot, however, his hand had grasped her own and she spun around to look at him once more. Their eyes met and he almost smiled, and when he squeezed her fingers, Hermione understood. She smiled back up at him and let his hand fall away. Turning back in the direction of Shell Cottage, she continued on alone."Hermione!" her mother's voice was a Christmas gift all on its own and Hermione's heart clenched to see the tidy woman running out into the cold. The back door of the house opened straight onto the sand with nothing but tufts of wild grass pushing through to dot the yard. The strip of grassless sand right down the middle was a well worn path straight to the sea. It was through this footstep-flattened sand her mother trod, opening her arms to her only daughter as Hermione met her at a run."Mum!" she almost choked, tears stinging on her cheeks as her angry curls whipped around her, brought to life by the vicious wind. "Happy Christmas," she said almost ironically as her father ushered the women inside. The sitting room was warm and cozy and she could smell biscuits cooking in the kitchen to the right. But despite the crackling fire and heavy scent of gingerbread, Hermione never would have known that it was Christmas. There was no tree. There were no presents. No sounds of holiday merrymaking met her ears. Hermione's heart sank sadly. If she hadn't come, the Grangers might have passed this Christmas with little more than biscuits in the way of celebration. Gratitude blossomed unexpectedly within her and Hermione made a silent note to thank Severus again for bringing this about.The three Grangers were soon comfortably settled onto one large sofa, tea and biscuits in their hands as Hermione held out gifts for both her parents. Instead of books, this year she had opted to give them each something a bit more… touchy feely. The scarves had taken forever to knit (though she had certainly had her practice with house elf hats, it was a lot harder when she actually cared how well they looked); deep gold for her father and a dark crimson for her mother. They knew enough about Gryffindor to appreciate the colors, but what truly made the gifts so special was the perpetual heating charm she had woven into them. Of course, she was careful to warn them about letting other Muggles touch the scarves, but her warnings were cut short as her mother's eyes brimmed with tears and the family wrapped themselves together in a desperate embrace. No one spoke the words aloud, but each of them knew that the gifts they gave one another today could very well be their last remembrances of each other.Next, Hermione unwrapped her own presents: a folding wallet insert filled with pictures of their family, a geography book from her father (which he half-heartedly encouraged her to use to get ideas about a big trip that the three of them might take whenever the war was 'over and done with'), a lovely crimson dress from her mother that almost perfectly matched the scarf she'd made, and one last book-shaped gift which her mother seemed hesitant to hand to her. "It's not exactly a new gift," she explained. "You might say it's a re -gift. Or, anyway, technically it already belongs to you, but I just thought you ought to have it. To remember, I suppose." She did not continue, though Hermione could feel that there was more she wanted to say, but finally held out the flawlessly-wrapped package for her daughter to take.The paper was different on this present, though it matched the others well, and Hermione got the impression that it had been added in at last minute. Curiosity tingling with every breath, she carefully unfolded the delicate paper to reveal the book beneath. Lewis Carroll's Through the Looking-Glass looked up at her, unabashedly attacking her senses with memories of her old bedroom back home, the way the carpet rubbed her elbows raw after hours of reading, the glimpse of a strange land that was opened up between the pages, a wish that one day she too could step into another world. Her mother's meaning was immediately clear."You have always preferred non-fiction," Harriet Granger was saying, "but there was a time when that book was your favorite in the world. You used to go on and on about the Red Queen and the talking flowers, reciting that one nonsense poem for every guest we entertained, telling us adamantly that one day you'd be a great scientist and find a way into the mirror yourself. We even caught you trying a time or two." The shadow of a laugh crossed Mrs. Granger's face before it fell cold and sad once more. "And then you got your letter…"Hermione's throat was uncomfortably tight and her eyes were wet with tears as she was taken back so many years ago to the girl she had been. And was she the woman she had thought she would become? Things had changed along the way and there was no going back now, but the girl she'd been had always thought she would. They were a family; a unit. They lived for one another. And yet, given the chance to step into another world, she had taken it greedily and left her parents behind. A sob escaped her control at that and Hermione leapt up from the couch as her parents sought to placate her. "I'm sorry," she told them. "I just… I need some air." And without another word, she swept out into the cold.It was, to all appearances, quite a lovely day. The sky was a pale blue, without a cloud to mar its smooth complexion. But for all that it appeared to be sunny, the wind was harsh and the air was void of warmth. She pulled her cloak around her and stepped closer to the sea.When was the last time she had seen the ocean? As a child, they had come here often. Well, no, not here. Not here, exactly. But it was the very same ocean, after all. The same churning waters of her youth, constant, remembering. She paused where the wild grass ceased to grow and stood there, freezing to her toes. But the numbness was strangely welcome. Sometimes, it was better not to feel.For several minutes she stood there, letting the cold fill her lungs one wave at a time, like the current breaking restlessly against the sand. Crest and trough, crest and trough, forever pushing and pulling, up and down, never ceasing, never giving up that eternal struggle, never reaching that quiet quiescence that a simple lake understood. Would the world fight as long as the ocean would?Seized by a sudden inescapable desire, Hermione ripped off her shoes and socks and ran toward the surf. The sand between her toes was soft and sharp at the same time, but she felt more connected to it than anything else in the world. She stopped where the ocean's reach was a bare inch or so from the tips of her toes and stood waiting for it to overcome her. Wave after wave lashed across the sand, struggling against itself to catch her in its grasp, and the frozen ground was hard beneath her feet as it siphoned away her warmth with a prickling chill. Calmly she waited, marveling at the anger of the surf, but it was helpless to go any farther. Just when she was sure that it would never touch her skin, one little furl of water gasped against the land, breaking on its surface and bursting across the flat sand. In one smooth caress, it lapped at the edges of her toes, tickling the skin with icy froth. She sighed."Hermione?" The world came crashing back with a whip of the wind and Hermione turned to see her mother standing there, looking concerned. The older woman's small frame was bundled up in her husband's heaviest coat with a flash of crimson draped about her neck. "Come inside. You'll catch a cold."Hermione's heart broke with tenderness for this woman and the realization that she'd never understand. No, Mrs. Granger would always harbor the same concerns, however misplaced they might have been. For a mother, a cold was an evil to be avoided at all costs. But for a witch, a simple potion and it wouldn't be anything at all. She smiled sadly back at the woman who had raised her. How had they gotten to this place? She had never mourned the loss of her childhood and now it was too late. It was gone; nothing more than a ghost of what was and the teasing idea of what might have been. Was there a point when she might have turned back? Or had she doomed her younger self the day she'd been given her letter? It hardly mattered now. However it had happened, the sad truth was that she wasn't that girl anymore. That girl was gone."Mum, I know why you gave me that book," she began.Her mother froze, taken aback, blinking in surprise. Then she lowered her eyes and stepped closer to her daughter. "Hermione," she began in a consoling tone, "do you remember what you said to me the first time you boarded that train?" Hermione's brow furrowed and she shook her head. "You said 'It's only for a little while.'" Her mum's lip trembled a bit at that and she had to avert her eyes, blinking back tears as she composed herself. "And I let you go," she continued, turning back to her daughter. "And I told myself that Alice always comes back.""Mum…" Hermione began, broken-hearted, wishing there was some way to console her mother for her loss."I just want you to know that we're here waiting for you. We will always be here, ready for you to come back to us, whenever you're ready to wake up." Hermione blinked, stung by her mother's insinuation. "When the war is over… or even before. You know, you don't have to see this to the end. You've done your part. More than enough for someone so young. You don't need to sacrifice yourself to this cause, brave and honorable as you are. There is no shame in coming home to your family…""Mum…""No one would blame you. We could be a family again, just the three of us.""Mum.""The Three Musketeers, do you remember? Like it never happened…""Mum!" Harriet Granger's mouth finally clicked shut and she met her daughter's gaze with a mixture of trepidation and outright fear. But Hermione had to cut her off before it all grew out of hand. "I don't want to pretend it never happened…"Her mother blinked in surprise and seemed to grasp at her words with a fierce will. "Of course, dear. No one is asking you to. You can spend the next twenty years telling us everything you learned at Hogwarts and all the adventures you had. You could even write your own book if you wanted."Hermione was shaking her head. "Mum, you don't understand. This is who I am. I can't turn my back on that.""But you can turn your back on us?" The bitterness in the woman's soft voice made Hermione reel backwards, her bare feet slapping absentmindedly in the surf."No… Mum… I never…""You always dreamed of running away to some magical world…" Her mother was in tears now and Hermione tried to interrupt, but the older woman quickly cut her off. "And magical worlds are great! There's nothing wrong with that. But the part you forget is that you're running away! You left us! And I never worried about that because when you were a child and it was Alice, I knew that you didn't really mean it like that. You would be right back. Just like you said. Alice always wakes up. But you didn't, Hermione!""I didn't ask to be a witch!""Then don't be!" Her mother's arms flailed hopelessly. "Come back to us!""I can't!""You can! Of course you can! It's simple! Honestly, Hermione, I never expected you to desert us completely! To become so wrapped up in your fantasy world that you forgot who you are!""This is who I am! It's not fantasy, it's reality!""Fighting sorcerers and flying on brooms!? That's not what the real world is, Hermione!""Your real world!"Hurt flashed across her mother's face and Hermione wished she could eat her words. "For God's sake, Hermione, do you hear yourself? You'd give us up for a chance at Wonderland. But at the end of the story, Alice's family is back in the real world waiting for her. She goes back to them! Don't you remember that part? She learns the error of her ways! She realizes that everything she ever needed was right back where she came from! With her family! She doesn't fall for the Mad Hatter and go live under a mushroom!"The ridiculousness of that last statement went unnoted as her mother's meaning fell across her like a whip. "What are you talking about?""Oh, what do you think?" her mother snarled. "That wicked professor of yours. You think I don't know you, Hermione? You think after all these years that I could be so blind? You may have found another family in the Wizarding World, Hermione, but you are still my only daughter."Hermione didn't know how to respond. "It's… it's not like that…" she wanted to tell her mother that there was no other family, but was that really true?"Isn't it?! Don't deceive yourself, Hermione. You have abandoned us." Her mother's eyes filled with tears and her lip trembled as she stepped closer, one hand outstretched. "But know this, darling, we will never abandon you." Hermione could not find a response to that. "And when you realize what that man really is, I'll be waiting with open arms…""What!?""He's not good for you, Hermione! Sooner or later he's bound to take advantage of your admiration and naïve as you are, you won't see the harm in it.""That's ridiculous! He has never even…" she fought for words, wanting to be honest without giving herself away, "tried…" but here she faltered."It's only a matter of time. He has to be nearly twenty years your senior! You have no idea what you're getting yourself into!" Hermione only scoffed and turned away, but her mother pursued her, grabbing her arm and pulling her around to face her. "It's alright, darling. I understand. Believe me, I do. It's only natural that you would be attracted to the man; from what I understand he's one of the only wizards of your acquaintance who can adequately match your intellect. And a professor, besides. I was a schoolgirl once, Hermione. We look up to our instructors until we've placed them on a pedestal and they can do no wrong. But in a few years, it will all be different. You will meet other men, even more impressive, and much more attractive. And then you will see that your professor is only a man; that he has been all along.""Well of course he is," Hermione spat impatiently, rolling her eyes. She did not want to have this discussion right now."Don't you dare discount me! I'm serious. You're in the middle of a war with this man and I can't help but think that his intentions are not entirely honorable.""How can you say that!? You don't even know him!""I know more than you think! I have known his type before. If you give him half a chance, he will press his advantage…""Oh, ridiculous! Severus Snape is one of the most reclusive men I've ever met! After months of… working with him, he has only just begun to use my given name…""He's your professor, Hermione! He shouldn't be using your first name at all! And do you call him by his first name as well?" Hermione's hesitation was all the answer she needed. "Oh God, Hermione, you don't understand. Your professor is twice your age. That is an issue in itself, but it also means that he's bound to have certain… expectations. Men that age don't stop at a kiss."Hermione's cheeks were suddenly on fire, drawing her attention momentarily back to the chill of the afternoon air. "Geez, Mum…""No, listen. I need to… I need to get this out." Her breath hitched on a sob, but her determined eyes never left her daughter's. "One day, years down the road, you will meet someone so perfect for you that everything falls into place. And when you do…" she swallowed, glancing away and blinking against more tears, "you'll be glad you waited… that you saved yourself for him." Hermione made as if to interrupt, but her mother rushed on. "There's no rush, you know. There's no reason to rush into… sex… like that. But if you get involved with this professor of yours, he is going to put a lot of pressure on you and it won't be easy to say 'no.'""And what if I don't want to?" Hermione couldn't help but blurt out impatiently.The fear in her mother's eyes was unsettling. "When you're older, you may wish that you had not been so hasty in your youth…""Just because you have regrets doesn't mean that I will!"The words seemed to echo on the howling wind as mother and daughter stared in shock at one another. Then Harriet Granger's jaw clenched and her chin lifted in angry determination. "You're right. I do have regrets. And that is why I know better than you do about this! You are brilliant, Hermione, truly, but for once in your life, listen to me! Some wisdom comes from books and some comes from experience. Sex is not something you can understand through simple reading. I know! It's not just a biological function. It screws with your emotions, your mind, your heart, your very soul! It is not to be taken lightly!""Oh God, Mum, I know that…""Sure you do! You've probably thought long and hard about it. You've made lists and done your calculations. Your rational mind has determined the best possible course of action. But what you do not know is what will happen afterward. Sex changes everything, Hermione. And I guarantee you it means more to you than it does to him. No! Don't argue with me! A single man his age doesn't get that way by being a gentleman. He may be all impressed with your intelligence and skill now, and I'm sure it's thrilling to finally have his attention, but once he's had you that won't matter anymore. Don't delude yourself.""You think you know what he would do, but you're wrong Mum! Severus isn't like that! He respects me!""Good! I'm glad to hear it! If he respects you then he won't try to sleep with you at all!""And why is that!? He certainly couldn't possibly also care about me! That would be absurd!""If he cared about you at all, he would let you live your life without him! He must know that you could do much better! He must know that you're horribly naïve. If he cares for you and respects you then he won't stoop to steal away your innocence! He's old enough to know that you can't possibly consent to something you don't yet understand! Only a selfish, conceited, sadistic pervert would even attempt…"Hermione's control shattered. "Then you'll be glad to hear that he's rebuffed my advances at every turn!" Her mother gaped, astonished, but made no reply. "In fact, he would probably agree with most of the things you've just said!" Hermione panted, pushing away the nagging thought that she might have said too much."As he should," her mother answered in a trembling voice. "At least one of you has some sense."Hermione shook her head. Unable to stop herself, she strode toward the other woman, stopping full in front of her, and grasped her upper arms. "No," she declared in a quaking voice, "you're both wrong. There is nothing perverted about it. Sex is an act of love!" Hermione surprised herself with such a vehement declaration, but hurried on before her mother could interrupt. "Naïveté is just an excuse to point fingers after the fact, but we are all responsible for our own choices. Consent implies one person agreeing to another's demands, but it was never like that at all. I love him."Tears sprang from Harriet Granger's eyes as understanding dawned. "You don't know what you're saying! You can't possibly understand…""No, you don't understand!" the young witch shouted back, her own eyes spilling over now that the truth had been let out. There was no going back now and Hermione was terrified. "You don't understand what we've been through together and how much he has done for me. Give me the credit I deserve! I'm not some foolish schoolgirl submitting to the will of my professor! I'm a grown woman in the middle of a war, and Severus is my partner.""And you have always seen the best in everyone you meet, Hermione! How could you possibly suspect his selfish motives? But he knows that! He knowshe doesn't deserve you, but he's happy enough to take what you're willing to give!""You're wrong!""I know you want to believe that…""No! I know that! You don't know the half of it, Mum. Why can't you just trust me when I say that there's more to it than you can possibly know? The whole… situation… is beyond your grasp. Confidentiality prohibits me from telling you what I've been through, but know this: if it weren't for Severus Snape's support, despite the fact that he initially despised me, I don't know how I could have made it through. Believe me, if you knew everything that has happened you would understand that it took catastrophes and miracles to bring us together! A few months ago, I never would have dreamed that I would come to love that grumpy, greasy, snarling, sarcastic, misanthropic bastard!""And yet here you are, a scant few months later confessing love for such a man."Hermione huffed in disbelief. Would the woman never understand? "I'm not proposing marriage, Mum. I'm just in love. Is that really so terrible?"Harriet Granger's shoulders slumped and her eyes brimmed with tears of surrender. "I just don't want to see you hurt, Hermione," she sobbed."I know.""I want to be there to protect you.""It's okay.""I love you."I love you, too."At that, something changed in the older woman's posture and Hermione had never seen her mum look so defeated. Her breath hitching with tears, the woman stepped toward her daughter, wrapping the girl in her arms. Hermione had not realized how cold her nose was until it was pressed into the magical warmth of the crimson scarf. Suddenly, too, the numbness in her toes made itself known, but she clung to her mother desperately, despite all this, and hoped with every tingling nerve in her body that the worst was in the past.Eventually, the older woman pulled away, drying her face with a coat sleeve before noticing her daughters frozen feet. "We should go inside," she said, concern breaking through her resignation. "You must be chilled to the bone." Hermione merely nodded, too emotionally spent to offer much in the way of words at the moment. As they trekked across the sand, her feet felt heavy and numb and her very blood seemed to tingle with every awkward step. Perhaps it had been foolish to remove her shoes, she thought, but then she hadn't exactly expected to be out there so long....*~*J*~*...Please Review!!!
:} llorolalluvia










Chapter 55





Chapter Text
Severus watched to be certain that Hermione made it inside Shell Cottage before turning away. Now he had several hours before returning to retrieve her and was free to do as he pleased; but frankly, he was at a loss. The obvious move would be to go back to Grimmauld Place, but there was little waiting for him there aside from scorn and noisy merrymaking. He couldn't even work on the Wolfsbane because that would mean one step in the process that Hermione didn't know. Of course, he could work on his own brewing, but most of his supplies were back at Hogwarts and he wasn't in the mood to deal with Albus. Spinner's End was always an option, of course. At least there he could get a bit of reading accomplished. But the thought of spending yet another Christmas Day alone in that old house made his gut churn with disgust. Perhaps Grimmauld Place was the best option, after all.Laughter and happy shouting met Severus's ears the moment he entered the grimy old Black residence. It made him feel like an intruder. The one person who would welcome his company was the one he'd left behind. Well, he had just as much of a right to be here as any of them (except, perhaps, the mutt, he had to grudgingly admit). And besides, he didn't give a rat's arse if they didn't want him. And so, determined, he strode directly to the library.Severus was comfortably settled in an old wingback chair, flipping through an antiquated collection of forbidden potions when he became aware of footsteps in the hall. Practiced spy that he was, his ears followed their movement though he never lifted his head from the book in his lap. Yes, damn it all, they were indeed headed this way. A single set. But what could any of them want from the library on Christmas Day? Unless, of course, they were coming to speak to him.The door tentatively creaked open and the surly wizard did not deign to lift his head. That was not enough to deter his guest, however. Clearly a Gryffindor.Of course, Severus realized with an inward snort, they were all Gryffindors. He was but a snake in the lions' den.After a moment, a timid voice broke through his bitter musings. "Severus?" Ah, so not a lion. A wolf. Making a show of his impatience, Severus tore his gaze from the book before him and slowly turned his glare on the unwelcome werewolf. Unfortunately, Remus Lupin simply smiled, seeming to take his raised eyes as an invitation, and slid into a chair at an angle to his. "I thought I might find you in here." What an original opening line. When the other man did not respond to his attempt at idle small talk, Remus's smile drooped and his expression grew serious. "I've had a talk with Molly and Arthur," he said. Well that got his attention. "Their concern is understandable, you must admit." Only because they are ignorant and simple-minded. "But I think my words to them have smoothed over some of their distress. Without actually informing them of the nature of your circumstances, of course," he rushed to assure.Cold dread filled the pit of Severus's stomach, making him feel terribly vulnerable. He lifted an eyebrow. "And how is it that you came to be privy to my own private circumstances?"The Marauder had the decency to look abashed. "Albus felt the need to inform me when I expressed certain… concerns.""Of course he did."Lupin met his eyes at that. "You can hardly blame him. Nothing short of the truth could have explained a sexual relationship between you two." The spy did not respond, but waited for the other man to expound upon that thought. "I am surprised you never thought of it, Severus. You must know… even when I am not transformed, I still retain some of the characteristics of the wolf. A preference for bloody steaks, an occasional desire to give chase when I see a squirrel," his laughter fell on deaf ears and he met the other man's eyes. "And a rather sensitive nose." Severus's blood ran cold. "Of course," Remus continued in a self-deprecating tone, "I'm too much of a coward to have confronted you myself, so naturally I went to Dumbledore. He swore me to secrecy, of course.""Indeed."The haggard werewolf sighed, ruffling his hair. "I'm sorry if this makes you hate me even more, but at least it means one more person on your side. Maybe you can learn to look at it like that." The dark wizard did not respond. "And anyway when I saw the two of you together… I realized that… somehow, some way, you turned it all into a good thing." Severus snorted disdainfully and the Marauder had the audacity to smile at him. "Don't worry, I don't give you any of the credit for that." Somehow, the words didn't sting as they might have. "It's amazing what love can accomplish, isn't it?" Remus didn't allow a moment for that thought to sink in. "I'll let you get back to your reading." Pulling himself out of the chair seemed to take a great deal of effort for the old werewolf. "I just wanted you to know that Tonks and I… we have your back." When no response was forthcoming, he left without another word.Severus sat in silence after that, musing on the other man's words for a long while before returning to the book in his lap. He was undisturbed for a few short hours and soon found that it was time to fetch Hermione. As he swept down the long hallway that led to the entrance to the Black family home, Fred and George Weasley crossed his path. The impish twins grinned lasciviously at him as they passed with calls of "heyheyhey!" and winks and whistles. Severus ignored them, but his scowl deepened as he stepped out into the winter air.The air on the beach was brisk and refreshing, though the wind was fierce, but the sand gave too easily beneath the weight of his dragonhide boots. It was not easy going for a man so used to gliding across the ground, but he arrived at the door to the cottage all too soon, just the same.The man who greeted Severus was the same beige gentleman who had accosted him concerning his daughter's treatment in his class. He seemed to swallow his hostility as he beckoned the other man inside. "Hermione's in the kitchen," he said. "She's got a bit of frostbite."The Potions Master followed Hermione's father into the small cottage kitchen and sneered down at the silly girl with good-humored condescension. She was sitting with her feet in a bucket of steaming water, the legs of her trousers rolled up to her knees and a spellbook on her lap. "Forgotten all the Warming Charms, have you?" he sneered, crossing his arms and staring down his nose at her. Hermione's head shot up in surprise and she sneered right back at him, lifting her chin as if to say 'you think you're so clever.' It was then that he noticed her mother sitting in a chair on the other side of the small table and watching him suspiciously over a steaming cup of tea. There was something unnerving about her expression and the puffiness around her eyes. Hermione's eyes were red and swollen, too, he realized belatedly. Spectacular. They must have had a row. His chest tightened painfully as he considered what the subject of such an argument might have been.Mr. Granger was the one who filled the silence. "The—er—Warming Charms had no effect," he explained, unnecessarily. "That's not to say that they weren't strong enough," he rushed to assure. "Hermione's actually quite good at them." The girl in question glanced up at her father at that. "Feel for yourself." The older gentleman proudly lifted the end of a dark gold scarf for Severus's inspection. Startled, the wizard hesitated only fractionally before grasping the warm knit. His eyes met Hermione's at that, and he lifted an eyebrow and smirked."Best not mention that to Arthur Weasley," he advised the older man. Then, he addressed the bushy-haired girl currently soaking her frozen feet. "Molly was afraid this little visit would be dangerous, but I was certain even you could escape the perils of a treacherous sitting room. How is it that you somehow managed to prove me wrong?"Without looking up from the book on her lap (which appeared to be a collection of Healing Spells), Hermione drawled her response with cold disdain. "Clearly, I was sitting too close to the fire."Severus sighed in exasperation and strode toward her. In one smooth motion, he was kneeling at her feet, one hand outstretched and one eyebrow lifted impatiently. "Let me see," he told her sternly only to have her foot shoot out of the bucket of its own accord, splashing him with hot water and nearly kicking him in the face. For the briefest of moments, their eyes connected in unadulterated shock. Then, quite unexpectedly, Mrs. Granger burst into laughter, and after a moment, Hermione joined in too. The violent giggles seemed to come from nowhere, and Severus was reminded of a geyser finally exploding after pressure had been built up for too long. He reacted by scowling at the women before catching the girl's ankle in a biting grip and turning his attention to her toes. But try as he might to ignore their hysterical laughter, the hilarity was so disproportionate that he found himself perplexed."His face!" Harriet Granger bit out as she gasped for air, near crying with hysterics. "Did you see… his face!?""So shocked!" Hermione agreed and the laughter seemed to double at the thought. Clearly these two were in want of some emotional relief. If it had been anyone else, he would have been offended by their mockery. In fact, it was bewildering that that was not the case.Severus withdrew his wand and brought it to the tips of Hermione's toes. They were, indeed, quite blue. Without magic, the treatment would have been extensive and painful. But, fortunately for her, Severus knew exactly what to do. The frostbite was gone before the laughter was and the wizard drew himself to his full height, standing with the other man as they watched in fascination. Clearly, they were not in on the joke.The women were sobbing by the time their mirth subsided, but it was in that weary emotionally-wrought way that follows a bought of intense catharsis. He tried not to consider the drama that could have given them such need. "Are you about finished?" he drawled, instead, affecting a look of utmost boredom."Y-yes," Hermione gasped, wiping away her tears. The elation in her beautiful face made Severus's heart ache. Then, she apparently remembered her feet, for she immediately jerked to inspect them and turned on him with a radiant smile. "You fixed them!" she cried with the amazement of a child. "Thank you." And her eyes conveyed unmarred sincerity.Severus grunted in acknowledgement, suddenly quite uncomfortable. He was not unaware of the disgruntled expression that had twisted the features of Mrs. Granger's face. Nor did he fail to notice the way her husband shifted his weight uneasily and found interest in the wallpaper. But Hermione was happily oblivious to all of this as she stepped out of the bucket and dried her legs with a wave of her wand."It's time to go," he told the girl, his discomfort veiled by general irritation. In truth, he was ready to be out of there."Not—not yet…" Harriet Granger gasped, panic jumping to her eyes. She lifted herself out of the chair, leaning unconsciously toward her daughter as if she might launch herself across the table in an effort to keep the girl there. "She has only just arrived."Severus did not have the patience for such an argument. "She has been here several hours, in fact," he drawled. "And we have work to accomplish before sundown." He caught Hermione's eyes at that and knew that she understood. Yet, still the girl seemed hesitant to comply, as if afraid of breaking the fragile thing that was her mother."Hermione, dear," Mrs. Granger pleaded, completely ignoring the imposing wizard's words. "You don't have to. He can't make you leave." The hell I can't!"Stay here, with us. It's Christmas…""Mum…" the young witch warned, and Severus was hit with the realization that this had been their argument. How foolish he had been to consider that they might have been talking about him."Please," the older woman gasped, circling the table in desperation before her daughter could escape. She grabbed hold of the girl's slender wrists and met her eyes with sharp intensity. "Stay with us." She wasn't just talking about today, Severus realized. He should cut off such nonsense before it got out of hand. And yet, he hesitated. No. This was Hermione's decision to make. He knew that she would choose well, but she had to be the one to do it. Oh, she would agree with him if he told her not to stay. She wouldn't even hold it against him for not allowing her the choice. But her mother would. And besides that, this would not be easy for her, which meant it must be done."I love you, Mum," Hermione began, at last, in a tone of fierce compassion. Severus remembered the feel of her key in his hand and his breath caught in his throat when he realized just what they were all giving up."I love you, too," Mrs. Granger whined, tears now pouring freely down her face.Hermione smiled sadly at her, but seemed to steel her resolve, if her lack of tears was any indication. "But I have to go." She gently pried her wrists from the other woman's grasp and wrapped her arms about her mother. The older woman held her dearly, crying into that wild mane of hair. Severus knew how it felt to press his face into those curls and felt a sudden surge of possessive pride. Don't be a fool, he told himself. She wasn't choosing him over them. She was simply doing what she had to do.After a moment, Hermione gently removed herself from her mother's grip and turned with a smile to her father. "You understand, don't you?" she asked him. But Rodney Granger merely swallowed and wrinkled his brow, clearly holding back his own emotions as he opened his arms to his daughter. He was the first to pull away, turning to Severus with stern resolve."Take care of her," he said, meeting the younger man's eye. His voice was hoarse with restraint and resignation."I will," Severus replied, the words sounding weak to his own ears. He tried to tell himself that Hermione's father would have asked the same of anyone who might have come to fetch the girl away. But it felt personal, all the same. His eyes fell upon the girl, once more. She looked so helpless and small, though he knew she was anything but. Then his eyes roved over the faces of her parents as they pleaded with him in entirely different ways. They were placing her in his hands, like it or not, with no assurance that they'd ever see her again. And Severus suddenly understood what they needed to hear. "I will bring your daughter back to you," he vowed, turning his gaze from her mother to her father. "I promise."…*~*J*~*…Christmas dinner was not nearly as big of an affair as Christmas Eve had been, but it was still crowded and noisy and not at all to Severus's tastes. At least the food was good. Even he had to admit that much.It was almost hard to breathe in the kitchen, packed as it was with excited Weasleys. Even Bill and Fleur were present, which seemed to make Hermione quite sad (presumably imagining her parents having dinner all alone). Remus and Nymphadora were there as well, making it a total of three non-Gryffindors.Pudding was served, and when everyone was full to the point of bursting, a sort of cheerful sleepiness seemed to overcome the group. Compared to the earlier ruckus, Severus found this quite pleasant. He even welcomed Hermione's hand in his beneath the table. But all good things must come to an end. During a lull in the conversation, Sirius Black spoke up so that everyone could hear. "How about a good Christmas story?" he said. "Or rather, how about A Christmas Carol?"Molly Weasley was the first to respond. "Oh! I do love a good Christmas carol!""I think he means the book, Mum," her daughter was quick to correct."Yes!" cried Black a bit too loudly (clearly he'd been liberal with the cider). "The one with Scrooge!" His grin grew wicked as he turned spiteful eyes on his childhood nemesis. "Severus!" he cried triumphantly, "Perhaps you'd like to read it to us." There was spattering of laughter as the others at the table saw the humor in the picture he had drawn. But then the room grew quiet as they seemed to understand the implication Black had made. And all the while, Severus met those taunting eyes with cold disdain. His posture was a study in indifference.Despite his outward calm, when making his reply, Severus's voice was full of angry indignation. "As much as I am sure," he spat, directing his speech to Black, alone, "that they are all hoping to hear a tale from their beloved Potions Master, I am rather hard pressed to imagine that such a whimsical story might be found in this pit of despair you call a home."Black lurched out of his seat at that, looking ready to draw his wand. On instinct, Severus was quickly standing, too. But before either of them could act on their anger, Arthur Weasley intervened. "Alright now," he said calmly, standing up so that his body was between the angry men. He raised his hands in both of their directions in a gesture to calm down. "There's no need for all of this. Let's not fight on Christmas." But the damage was done. Severus could not sit by and enjoy the festivities (more like endure, he told himself) while everyone privately compared him to Ebenezer Scrooge. They'd have more fun without him, anyway. With this in mind, he thanked Molly for supper and turned on his heel to leave the room.Severus was not surprised when a gentle knock disturbed the quiet of his bedroom. But when Hermione entered with the same cautious expression she had given her mother, he bit back an angry retort. He was lying on the bed in his shirtsleeves and trousers, stretched out on top of the duvet with his hands beneath his head. She did not hesitate to climb on top of him and rest her head on his shoulder.For a while, they simply rested there. No need for words between them. Then Severus lifted a hand to her tangled hair, brushing it away from her face in a lazy gesture. "You've had a trying day," he told her, as if this wasn't about himself. She seemed to smile."Severus?" She lifted herself to look at him, weariness and worry evident behind a soft, sad smile. In that moment, he wanted to draw her inside of himself and never let the world touch her again. She was dearer to him than himself, he realized. What a frightening notion. And yet, he found that he had scarcely ever been less afraid. She strengthened him in a way no mask ever could; from the inside out."Yes?""Did you have a happy Christmas?"He smiled up at her, at that, lifting a hand to her face and brushing a few errant curls behind her ear. "The best I've had in years," he admitted. Hermione seemed appeased by this and allowed herself to lie back down, resting her head once more against his shoulder. It had been a long day.Several minutes passed in silence, while Severus scratched gentle circles on Hermione's back. He did not notice when his hand fell to his side, or when his eyelids slipped closed and his breathing evened out. The warmth of her body eased the weariness in his muscles until he'd almost been lulled to sleep. How was it that she managed to calm him so completely? He hardly ever relaxed the way he did when she was there.A knock on the door shook the lovers from their slumber and Hermione stiffened, but did not move. "What?" the Potions Master barked in the direction of the door.It was the Weasley girl's voice that answered. "Er… Professor? Is Hermione in there?""Of what concern is that to you?" he sniped.She seemed to hesitate. "It's just that… Mum was worried and… well, she was going to come check, but I told her I'd do it…"For a long moment, they just lay there, angrily tense."I could tell her she's gone to bed, only… I doubt she'll believe it."Hermione let out a long sigh at that and lifted herself to look down into Severus's eyes, apologetically. "Won't you come back down?" she asked, to his surprise.He hesitated, not wanting to disappoint her. "Not tonight," he said, at last. His pride could not withstand it. Her face fell, but she was unsurprised. Then she glanced up at the door, clearly torn, and Severus slipped a hand into her curls to cradle the back of her head. Hermione immediately understood. Wriggling closer, she lowered her lips to his. There was such sweetness in that caress; a lifetime of promise. He thought of the key and was filled with such assurance that his shields and guises dropped and he let her taste himself, as he truly was."Hermione?" Miss Weasley's anxious voice broke through the darkness of his room. Their lips broke apart and Hermione sighed."Go on," he told her, "your friends are waiting, and they need you too. You've hardly spent an hour with them, this Christmas."She smiled beautifully down at him at that and placed one last kiss against his forehead. "I'll be back," she promised, slipping off onto the floor. The light of the hallway fell across his bed and Severus met eyes with the red-haired girl who waited for her friend. She blushed impressively, but did not drop her gaze, and he found himself lifting an eyebrow back at her. "Goodnight," Hermione murmured, turning back to him before shutting the door. She did not wait for his response.…*~*J*~*…Ginny ushered Hermione past Mrs. Weasley before the older woman could so much as say one word. It was evident from her expression, however, that she had more than a little to say to the young Gryffindor girl. Well, it could wait. It was Christmas, after all, and Hermione only wanted to enjoy this precious moment with her friends. Soon enough, they all knew, it would be time to remember Reality again.Ron and Harry were playing chess when the girls joined them in the Study. Ron almost seemed finally to have gotten bored with the game, and Hermione couldn't blame him. There was little challenge in beating Harry Potter, she knew, but she had very little practice at the game and so could hardly tease her dark-haired friend.Fred and George were laughing together as Tonks regaled them with humorous stories, and Remus smiled happily, content to listen to his fiancée with one arm wrapped lazily around her. Sirius and Arthur appeared to be arguing with Bill as Fleur draped herself around her husband's chair, rubbing his shoulders, which he didn't seem to notice. But Ron Weasley's gaze kept darting to the half-veela, and Hermione resisted the urge to roll her eyes."That's a pretty necklace," Ginny said, her voice startling the older girl from her survey of the room.Hermione glanced down to the little gift and smiled. "Severus gave it to me," she said, in a soft voice. The boys both seemed to scrunch up their faces at that, but Ginny gasped and leaned closer, reaching her hand out to examine the object in question."Hermione," she teased, "isn't that a symbol of 'forever?'" But Hermione only smiled. "Well," Ginny continued, undiscouraged, "we all knew it was serious when he came here for the holiday, of his own free will. Even Harry admitted that must mean something."Harry looked up at that, clearly embarrassed to have such a confession made for him. "I never said it was serious… just that he'd never done it before.""He has, too," Ron argued, taking out Harry's rook with an indifferent expression. "He stayed here all summer, didn't he?""That doesn't count," said Ginny. "Dumbledore made him do it that time, and he was furious about it." The younger girl turned back to Hermione with a conspiratorial grin. "Ron just doesn't want to admit he was wrong. But after last night, he really doesn't have a leg to stand on. I can't believe Snape actually kissed you, in front of everyone! He wasn't even drugged. Did you know he helped Fred and George with all those potions? And how come you never told me that George walked in on you two? He must have been mortified! Oh, what I would have given to see his face." Ginny paused a moment in her rambling to gaze off into space, clearly imagining her brother's reaction. "Anyway, it must be a relief to have it all out in the open.""It is, I suppose," Hermione mused. "He's taking it better than expected. If he'd been given the choice, I doubt he'd have done it, but he couldn't let Sirius get to me first."Ginny gave the other girl a knowing look. "Well, you don't think he regrets it, do you?""No. Actually, I don't. It hasn't exactly been easy, though. Especially as everyone seems to want to keep us apart. Of course, I don't blame your mum. She just wants to protect me." Hermione cringed. "My mum wasn't exactly pleased, either."Ginny gasped at that. "You told her!""Well, I didn't quite mean to… it just sort of ended up that way. We were having a row and she was begging me to stay with them instead of fight in the war and… somehow Severus came up… she already had her suspicions about him. Anyway, what started out as her telling me not to have sex ended up as me explaining why it wasn't so terrible that we already had. It just sort of… slipped out.""Gods.""Oh, but… I haven't told him that bit yet, so… just… don't mention it.""Check mate?" Harry's voice was confused and unsure, but it drew their attention nonetheless."Bloody hell," Ron whispered.Ginny and Hermione both leaned over the board, gaping in amazement. From what Hermione knew about chess, Harry had indeed just won the game."Yes!" Ginny cried, leaping up onto the couch and wrapping her arms around Harry. "You won!" she told him, unnecessarily, before planting a kiss against his cheek."What's that?" Fred called."You can't be talking about Harry," said George."But I am!" Ginny shot back, happily. "He won!""Cut it out," Harry told her, embarrassed. Clearly, he didn't think this triumph called for that level of excitement. "I got lucky is all. He wasn't paying attention. It's not exactly impressive that my greatest strength is that my enemies underestimate me." The bitterness was back in his voice, now, and no one had any doubt where his mind had gone. Suddenly, the Boy Who Lived was pushing himself off of the couch and stalking out of the room. A tense silence followed before Ginny jumped up and followed after him.Hermione met Ron's eye. "Perhaps we should…"He nodded. "Come on." After helping her to her feet, Ron Weasley led the two of them up to the bedroom that the boys shared. Harry was sitting on the edge of the bed with his head in his hands, and Ginny was beside him, rubbing his back. She glanced up at them when they entered and her eyes were full of worry."Harry?" Hermione began uncertainly. "You can talk to us, you know.""I know," he moaned."Come on, mate," Ron said. "You don't honestly think we're going to just drop it after all of that."Harry's head came up at that and he gave the other boy a wry grin. "I suppose not.""We're here for you, Harry," Hermione insisted, seating herself on the other bed, across from her best friend.Harry sighed. "It's just… I don't feel like I've made any progress, you know? All we do is sit around doing nothing, but Voldemort is getting stronger every day. And, in the very near future, I'm going to have to fight him."Hermione placed a hand on Harry's knee. "You're not alone, Harry.""You say that, but how many of you are going to have to kill the darkest wizard our world has ever known? And what if I fail? I mean, there's no guarantee that we will win. And right now, it doesn't look so good for our side." None of them had anything to say to that, as taken aback by his words as they were. "He's already controlling the Ministry, he's recruiting new followers all the time… and what do we have? Me. Well, what if it's not enough?"There was a long pause before Ron spoke up. "What about Dumbledore?""What about him?""Well, he's got to have a plan, hasn't he? He can't expect you to go it alone.""I don't know," Harry confessed."Of course he does," Hermione agreed. "Harry, Dumbledore doesn't tell us everything. I know. There are things… there are things that even I haven't told you."They all turned to her at that. "There's more?" Ron was aghast."Yes, but… I literally can't tell you. And anyway, it doesn't matter. The point is, Dumbledore is the one making the plans. He's not going to throw you into a pit with You-Know-Who and have the two of you duel it out."Harry seemed to relax a bit at that. "I know you're right, but it doesn't change the fact that I will have to kill him. And I… I don't know if I can. I mean, am I supposed to use the Unforgivables?" He trailed off at that, and they all seemed to hold their breath. He had a point. Though they had all accepted that he would have to duel the dark lord at some point, even Hermione had never considered just exactly how he was supposed to win.…*~*J*~*…In another dark and dreary house, miles from the cheerfulness of 12 Grimmauld, Draco Malfoy lay atop his bed, frowning at the ceiling as he had done most of the day. His presents sat forgotten on the floor at the foot of the bed and the silence of the house could almost convince him of his solitude. But there was an evil there which filled the coldness of the Manor's halls, and it was not an improvement.There had always been an emptiness in this house; ever since he was a little boy, running through the halls, alone but for his parents and the elves. The high ceilings and numerous twisting halls were more oppressive than the humblest shed. But that was something Draco had never understood.And yet, even the cold void of his childhood was no longer present in this dungeon of despair. Suspicion filled the halls and evil rose up to the ceiling like smoke from a fire. He was never alone. Even here, in the privacy of his very own bedroom, he felt the unnatural, chilling presence of the Dark Lord.It was a great honor to host Lord Voldemort in their home. He was the greatest, most powerful wizard ever to walk the Earth, and Draco had grown up in the reverence of his memory. When the Dark Lord had chosen their home as his temporary residence, he had acknowledged their status above lesser Wizarding families, not that it came as any surprise. From a young age, Draco had been taught that he was better. He had known it as he knew his family name: Malfoy. To be a Malfoy was to be royalty; gods among mortal men. They bowed to no one, save Lord Voldemort, himself.It was a great honor to have the Dark Lord, here. It proved everything he'd ever known about himself. And yet, something was wrong. No, but he should never think of it. It was not safe to think such things. Not here. He was not safe in his own home. And his family was being torn apart. What did it matter if the Malfoys were immortal when the Malfoys were no more?But he shouldn't think of it. There was no choice, after all. He could not help his parents' weaknesses. He could not stop them from allowing everything to fall apart. This Christmas had been unlike any he'd known before. The gifts were there, as they ought to be, but they were as empty as his house had been. They meant nothing. The joys of Christmas—bragging to his father about his classes; attending his mother's parties to parade his superiority before less important men; drinking fire whiskey with his father's friends; for half a day, a man—were absent now.Had it all come to nothing? Would it continue to dwindle until their family was nothing more than the dying host of a lethal parasite? But he should not think such things! There was no choice! He could only hope that it would all improve the day the Dark Lord won. Clearly, that was the ultimate goal. They had been fighting for it for as long as he could remember. Longer, perhaps. The world would bow to his beck and call; whenever the Dark Lord won.Wouldn't it?His breath caught. Would it?And what if…He had a choice. Lovegood seemed to think so. Of course, Lovegood was a loony, everyone knew. But then there was his godfather. Was he on their side? Was he against them? Did he have that choice; and if he did, did Draco, too? Lovegood seemed to think so. He reached for the gift she had given him; the kaleidoscope; a children's toy. It was such a worthless, degrading, and simply beautiful gift.But what could she know? If she weren't half-batty, she'd have seen by now that he couldn't possibly ever deign to be with her. He'd be a laughingstock! He'd be thrust down the totem pole to the very bottom from the very top. How could she even presume to offer herself to him?And yet, she had. Not in so many words, but her meaning had been clear. She was no Slytherin, after all. But nor was she a Gryffindor (a plus, to be sure), and she was a pureblood. But, no! She would never be the prize he was expected to obtain: a specimen of perfect pureblood breeding, with poise and beauty to match his own. Beautiful she may have been, and there was something in her that could not be described in words, but she would never be his equal! When the Dark Lord won, she'd be cast down and punished for the Blood Traitor that she was! In his anger, he threw the object across the room with such force that it burst against the wall, shattering into a thousand fragments on the cold, stone floor.He was out of his bed, heartbroken and repentant, reaching for the remnants before he could think to stop himself. There, in the moonlight, they glinted; a thousand pieces of a whole that did not add up. It was nothing, now. Nothing more than refuse on his floor; the debris of something beautiful. As broken as his family. What have I done?In the back of his mind, he told himself that it didn't matter. He would never be with Luna. He reiterated every last painstaking reason why, even as he drew his wand and mended the broken toy. Through the darkness, he could see that it was good as new. The beads may have been different, but no one could ever say for sure. They were never the same. Every turn and shake made them fall a different way. No unknowing eye would ever see that it had once been broken. All that mattered was that it was mended now.Draco brought his gift back to his bed and lay there, staring through its shifting images, wondering when, at last, he'd see himself. And when he did, would he like what he saw? Or would he not?…*~*J*~*…
I promise a smile for every review you send!

:} llorolalluvia










Chapter 56





Chapter Text
Hermione hardly stirred when Severus kissed her on the cheek and slipped out of bed the next morning. She had stayed up late into the night consoling Harry with Ginny and Ron. But with his absence, the chill of a December morning slowly seeped the sleep out from under her, and she was soon making her way downstairs.The house was deathly quiet and no one was in the kitchen. It was enough to make the hair on her neck stand up. Rather than wait patiently for some sign of life, she wrapped some toast and bacon in a napkin and took it with her to the Study.Nothing could have prepared Hermione for the sight of her Potions Master fully dressed and sitting on the floor across a coffee table from Ronald Weasley, playing chess. Harry and Ginny were beside each other on the couch, leaning forward with their elbows on their knees to watch the game. Fred and George were standing near the entrance, as if they'd come in and promptly forgotten the reason why. Even Sirius Black had settled himself in one of the armchairs with a good view of the chessboard. All was silent for a long moment. Then, Ron mumbled something at the chess board and everyone gasped and leaned closer as one of the white pieces obliterated one of the black.To his credit, Severus did not flinch.Hermione carefully made her way toward the table, tiptoeing so as not to make a sound, and settled herself on the floor before the board, equidistant from the two competitors and across from Harry and Ginny. Long minutes passed before the older wizard lowered his steepled fingers from his lips and everyone held their breath until he ordered one of his knights to move. It continued on this way in near perfect silence as Hermione fought to make sense of the game before her. Never had she taken such an interest in Wizard's Chess. From what she could tell, the two were more or less evenly matched. They had taken an equal number of pieces and it was difficult to discern who was defending and who was pressing his advantage. One thing was clear, however: Hermione couldn't have predicted their strategies if her life depended on it. The moves she would have made, herself, always turned out to be traps, and it seemed as if the two men were playing three steps ahead of each other.Hours seemed to pass in heavy tension as the inhabitants of Grimmauld watched the strategic war take place. The close calls that made their audience gasp were probably never as much of a threat as she believed. These opponents seemed to know each other's mind. But finally, after a thrilling battle that Hermione only half understood, she was waiting for Severus to make a move when he suddenly reached across the table and shook her good friend's hand. "Good game," he told the Gryffindor. Hermione had to look again, shocked to see that he had, indeed, been placed in Check Mate. It was so subtle, she had never seen it coming.Ron nodded to his professor with more respect than she could ever remember him showing the older man. "Blimey. I thought I was a goner for a minute."Severus smirked arrogantly as he rose with some difficulty from the floor. "Next time, you will not be so fortunate."Hermione followed Ron to his feet as her friend grinned back at the older man and puffed out his chest with pride. "Well, whenever you work up the courage, I'll be waiting.""Later, then," Severus said. "I am expected at the Manor." With that, the Order spy began to leave, stepping past Hermione before seeming to think better of it. Turning back toward her, he reached a hand beneath her chin and met her lips in a quick, chaste kiss before sweeping out the door. Stunned, she could only stand there musing that their chess match had had a delightful effect on his mood.…*~*J*~*…A house elf by the name of Moppy showed Severus to Lucius's study. As if he could not have found it for himself. Well, the Manor could crumble to pieces around them and the Malfoys would still be sitting in wait on the dignity owed them by birthright. Severus resisted the urge to roll his eyes.Lucius did not look up when the professor's arrival was announced, but kept his gaze on the dwindling fire and clutched a tumbler full of golden liquid to his chest. His eyes were rimmed with red and his hair was unkempt, as Severus had never seen it before. The younger man knew better than to speak. Instead, he helped himself to a glass of Scotch and settled into the chair beside his friend's."I have nothing left, Severus," the blond man said at last. He paused for dramatic emphasis which went wisely uninterrupted. "I have lost my wife and I soon will lose my son. Narcissa hardly meets my eye, and Draco stays locked away in his bedroom half the time." He sighed, weariness and sorrow heavy on his breath. "Do you know… my appetite is gone, as well. I was a fool to believe base physical relief could ever replace what I had with my Narcissa. I'm still not entirely sure what that is.""Aren't you?" Severus replied.Sad blue eyes met his at that and Lucius sighed. "I suppose I do, in fact. Though, I am not sure which makes me more of a fool: that I allowed something as trivial as love to become my top priority, or that I stood by and watched as my other desires stole it all away."Severus shook his head. "The love is still there.""How can you presume to know that?" Lucius spat, glaring at the other man."Because I know you, and I know Narcissa. And love is not something that disappears during difficult times.""Well, what we had is gone, so perhaps it was never love, after all.""Don't be a fool, Lucius. Of course it was love."The blond man reacted to that with anger that took his companion by surprise. "Suddenly you're an expert on the subject?" he snapped.The remark stung, but Severus brushed the instinctual doubt away. He could never call himself an expert, but he knew. On impulse, he reached into a pocket in his robes and withdrew a little, golden key, allowing the feeling of Hermione's love to wash over him in waves. Oh yes, he knew. The other man glared at him suspiciously when he bridged the gap with an outstretched hand. But Lucius took the object after a momentary pause, and Severus could see that he felt it, too. Those cold blue eyes grew wide with terror and wonder as his lips parted in awe. When he spoke, his voice was a breathy echo of its former drawl. "She gave this to you?" Severus merely nodded and watched in horror as sudden tears sprung to the proud man's eyes. "Oh gods, Severus!" he whispered. "What have I done?!"…*~*J*~*…"You did not break your cover?"Severus scowled at the aging man. "Of course not, Albus. When have you known me to make such hasty, imprudent decisions?""Good. Good." The Headmaster had been pacing in his office when his spy arrived to tell him of his talk with Lucius Malfoy. It meant everything and nothing all at once."I have hope that he will open up to me, but I must be prepared to react as you would have me do. Admitting certain truths, naturally, would be a terrific risk. Unfortunately, it may also be imperative if we are to acquire Lucius's support."Albus merely shook his head. "I cannot see that we would need his aid. His wife has promised herself to our Cause, already, and we have yet to use that resource.""Lucius Malfoy is one of the dark lord's most trusted and lauded followers. He is a wand across enemy lines. He lives beneath the very same roof…""Yet there is no need for haste in recruiting him to our Cause. If he does so of his own volition, that is another matter, but I will not risk my spy at this stage in the game." A game is it? The Headmaster turned to the other man with a worried look. "I am concerned, Severus. Until now, we have been playing a defensive game. But the longer we wait, the stronger Voldemort's hold on the Ministry becomes. It is worse than I could have foreseen. He will control our government before it even comes to war, and then we will not have a chance. I am afraid, Severus. The time has come to consider taking an offensive stance. We cannot wait much longer."…*~*J*~*…When Ron declined Harry's offer to play him in chess, the twins set about recruiting for a game of Exploding Snap and Hermione slipped away to find a book. The stack beside her bed was steadily growing, but she wasn't sure which she wanted to read right now. The two new books on top drew her eye; one from Neville and one from Luna. She reached for the smaller of the two, The Kybalion, and flipped it open to get a better idea of what exactly it might be. There, on the inside of the cover, was a note scribbled in Luna's loopy hand.
For Hermione,

This is quite interesting. People think that Hermes is the "Scribe of the Gods," but that's just a bit of silliness, really. Father says that he's the Father of the Secret Doctrine who planted the Seed-Truth that branched into theologies and philosophies all around the world. Plus, he's the keeper of the Master-Key which unlocks all the wisdom of the ancients. Father says Astronomy and Alchemy are just metaphors and only a student of Hermes can learn the real Truth.
"The lips of Wisdom are closed, except to the ears of Understanding." –The Kybalion.
Life is but a dream.

Love,

Luna
She was on her way back to the Study with The Kybalion in tow (she simply could not ignore the obvious pertinence of the text, anymore) when Mrs. Weasley caught her on the stairs."Hermione, dear, could I have a word?"Oh, hell. She had been avoiding the woman so well. "Certainly, Mrs. Weasley," she heard herself replying in a voice that was forcibly polite.The Weasley Matriarch led them to the empty basement kitchen and beckoned Hermione to have a seat. "I'm sure you can have no doubt why I've brought you here," the woman began in an apologetic voice. "My opinions may not be popular or even easy, but I cannot stand by and keep them to myself. You are a remarkably mature young woman, but you sometimes forget that there are things in this world that you don't know…""Mrs. Weasley," Hermione attempted to cut in, but at that moment the door swung open and Sirius Black was there."Ah," he began, uncomfortably. "Sorry to intrude, but I was sent to find the biscuits.""That's alright, Sirius," Hermione took the opportunity to say, "I was just going to say that I'd already been given this very lecture by my own mother, but that I appreciate Mrs. Weasley's concern. I know you have your own concerns, so you might as well tell me now, because I'm sick of dancing around the issue. Severus, himself, tried his damndest to push me away, but it just wouldn't do. I wish the lot of you would just accept that I care for him and stop trying to make him some sort of villain. I can confidently say that I know him a hell of a lot better than any of you do, and I trust him with my life. Now, he may not be an easy man and he certainly comes with a past, but I love him and nothing you say is going to change that."Molly Weasley could only stare at her in open-mouthed alarm, but Sirius had the look of a man who had really just wanted to find the biscuits. To her surprise, it was the latter who spoke up first. "Hermione," he began with a weary sigh, "I will never get along with that man." She started to interrupt, but he cut her off. "No, listen, Hermione. I have known Severus longer than you have been alive, and I don't trust him. And I don't like him. And I sincerely believe he may be the worst thing that has ever happened to you. But I can see that you've made up your mind, and I know nothing I say will make a difference. I just don't want to lose you as a friend on top of everything else. So… if he makes you happy—and I still can't fathom why—then I wish you well."Hermione smiled sadly up at the scraggly man. "Thank you, Sirius," she told him.He only shrugged, turning to reach for a plate of pastries. "Just keep in mind," he told her as he headed for the door. His face turned hard. "If he ever does anything to hurt you, I'll gladly dispose of him, myself."Hermione turned back to Mrs. Weasley as the older woman stood, brushing invisible crumbs from her apron. Her lips were worried and her eyes resigned. "Well," she began in a tired voice, "I don't suppose it matters what I say at this point. I feel better knowing that you've spoken with your mum. But I hope you know you can always come to me.""Thank you, Mrs. Weasley," Hermione said, standing to embrace the other maternal figure in her life. "I really do appreciate your concern."…*~*J*~*…Hermione was stretched out on a couch with a book in hand when Severus returned to 12 Grimmauld. The others of her company were playing another game, but he was not concerned with them. Rather, he found his attention drawn to the pale sunlight resting on her face and the way she chewed her lip as she fingered the edge of a page. He had always been so quick to scorn her for her love of knowledge. How could he never have seen that he was merely jealous? She was, as yet, unspoiled. She could enjoy that simple pleasure as he had, once upon a time. And maybe she would follow it in life, as he had failed to do. She had that chance. But now that she was his, it no longer felt like envy, but like pride. It hardly mattered that he would never know his own full potential. Hermione Granger would surpass him in every way, and he so admired that about her."Miss Granger," he began, at last. It still felt strange to call her 'Hermione,' even though everyone knew about them. Besides, he told himself, it was better that he didn't get into that habit, lest he slip up in front of someone else. Her face jerked up to his immediately, without even finishing the sentence she was on, and Severus's stomach flipped at the happiness in those cinnamon orbs as their eyes connected. "We have brewing to accomplish," he reminded her with a sneer. "If you don't want Nymphadora eaten…" he broke off at the sound of horrified gasps from the boys in the room. Would they ever learn to take his words in stride? Hermione, of course, merely rolled her eyes, marking her place in the book she held as she slipped off the couch to follow him from the room."Twelve stirs total with one clockwise for every three counterclockwise stirs, done in rotation. Yes. Make sure you keep the circles even.""I know."Severus smirked at her. "Yes, you know everything, don't you?""Obviously not.""Obviously not," he agreed. "For if you did, you would know that it is far more effective to grip the stirring rod reverse of the way you have it.""Huh?""Like so," Severus demonstrated, stepping behind the girl and covering her hand with his. He could sense her blush in the way her breath grew shallow, and couldn't resist the urge to place one hand upon her waist, inhaling the sweet scent of her shampoo as he stirred the caldron. Luckily for Lupin, he was practiced enough to do this in his sleep. "Do you see how my thumb points down the rod? It is akin to pointing one's wand down into the caldron; a much more powerful movement. The way you hold it, with your thumb on top… it's like a child stirring chocolate milk.""Oh, childish, am I?" she teased, but she was leaning back against him and Severus could hardly feel her scorn."Indeed. Fortunately for you, however, I am well equipped to correct your inadequacies.""Hmmmm," she agreed, "and fortunately for you, the same can be said about me."There was a tense moment while she waited to see how he would react to that, but Severus surprised them both by smiling against the top of her head and answering in a tone of utmost seriousness. "We would not be here if that were not so." But he broke apart from her, all the same, and she withdrew the stirring rod. He didn't have to tell her to set a timer for two minutes."I've been reading a very interesting book," she told him.He lifted an eyebrow. "Indeed?""Indeed. Luna gave it to me. Turns out it's all about Hermetic Philosophy. That is, it's written by Muggles who believe that Mysticism and Magic are metaphors that have been used to help us understand the nature of existence.""Interesting," he drawled."It is, though. Luna and I had been talking about Astrology, so I guess it shouldn't surprise me that this book has a lot to do with my research… but it certainly seems to tie together some of the concepts I've been studying lately.""Am I to suppose that you plan to enlighten me, yourself? Or do I have to borrow the bloody book?"Hermione laughed lightly and the timer went off. She hurried back to the cauldron, adding the Moonflower petals in perfect synch with her stirs as she spoke. "Well, I don't really think it has advanced my research, but it has enhanced my understanding. And I've only just begun the book, but some of its concepts have already sparked ideas.""Well?""Alright, alright. Well…" she cleared her throat and squared her shoulders and Severus suppressed a laugh. "'The Principles of Truth are Seven; he who knows these, understandingly, possesses the Magic Key before whose touch all the Doors of the Temple fly open.'"*"Hermione," Severus warned. "Must you quote the text, verbatim? I'd be far more interested to hear your take on the subject.""Severus," she teased, swatting his arm, "the Magic Key… of course I had to quote that part! It's more than pertinent. But alright, if you insist. I will attempt to keep my quoting to a minimum. Of course, you must keep in mind that my understanding is not nearly as thorough as that of the authors of this text, so my explanations may be faulty…""I'll take my chances.""Fine. Well the first Principle is that of Mentalism. Now, of course, I don't exactly agree with everything they say (that is… not to say that I actually disagree, either), but some of the ideas are quite…""Hermione…""Yes, alright. Mentalism. Well, you have to understand first that they take it as understood that there is one—what they call—'Substantial Reality' underlying everything in existence. They call it—quite unimaginatively—'The All,' but I take it basically to mean 'Existence.' So, everything must fall under this title. Everything is included in it. It cannot be broken, because there is nothing outside of it to break it, and it cannot be limited for the same reason. If you accept that as true, then you must also accept that 'The All,'—as ridiculous and conspiratorial as it sounds—is above the Laws of the Universe. In fact, it goes on to say that they accept the theories of multiple universes and that that does not go against their understanding. In this case, there is more to existence than our single universe… I'm rambling. Sorry.Severus chuckled."Mentalism. Yes. Alright, so 'the All'… bear with me, I know this is coming from Luna Lovegood, but she has a sort of wisdom beyond mere textbook knowledge." She matched his smirk at that and batted his arm before returning to the cutting board. "First, what is 'The All'? Muggle Science will tell you it is Matter, or—more recently—that it is Energy. It is above everything, so it cannot be lesser than anything it contains. They assert that Mind and Life are higher planes of existence than Matter, so the fabric of existence has to be greater than physical material. I swear this is the longest explanation of it all. After this, it's far more straightforward. So, they assert that 'The All' is living mind (life and mind being higher forms of existence), but it is still much more than what we understand as living mind, so they call it Infinite Living Mind."This is where the Principle of Mentalism comes into play, because they say that the Universe and everything contained within 'The All' is a product of this Infinite Living Mind, and what does a mind create if not ideas? Well, the idea here is that we cannot be made up of 'The All,' itself, because we would have to be aware of that—'The All' is all-knowing, and any part of it would have to be so as well (plus, it has already been decided that 'The All' cannot be divided up or limited, because there is nothing else to act upon it). However, we also cannot be made up of something other than 'The All,' because there is nothing else. This is where they give the example of a man creating. There are two ways a man can create: he can either take resources from around him to build something physical (but this cannot be what 'The All' has done because there is nothing else with which to build), or he can create ideas in his mind.""I see," Severus cut in, interrupting her seemingly endless stream of consciousness. "And how precisely does this fit in with the rest of your research?"Hermione huffed impatiently. "I'm getting to that. You have to understand their framework before I can explain the specifics. Shall I continue?""First, let me help you with the wolf's blood. This is a crucial step and losing Remus Lupin would be quite unfortunate at this stage, regardless of the assumption that he is merely an idea in the mind of the Universe…""Not the Universe, 'The All.' The Universe is an idea, in itself."Severus merely lifted an eyebrow at her and reached for the eyedropper.She pouted. "I'm not buying into it, Severus. I'm just explaining their argument. Keep in mind that this was written by Muggles who believe Magic is a metaphor. You'll see in a minute why I think their theories are important.""I'm sure. Now, would you like to stir or drip? You have three seconds to decide.""Drip," she declared immediately. He smirked. Hermione Granger was never one for taking the easy way out. The moment the wolf's blood had been added, she jumped right back into her explanation. "Alright. You hit on an important point. If we are all merely ideas, then what does anything really matter? They talk about that, actually. According to their philosophy, we are mere ideas to 'The All,' but we are not on the same plane of existence. That is, to us, our Reality is as real as we are. It's all relative. Even if we are mental, we are still very real on this plane, does that make any sense? Let me put it another way: this stirring rod, for example, is an illusion. It is nothing more than a figment of 'The All's imagination. But, so am I, and to me this stirring rod is very real. We are just as illusory as one another, and I am no more real for understanding that, but neither is this rod any less real to me simply because I understand that.""Perhaps you had better continue with your Principles. We can always revisit the specifics.""Yes, alright. The second Principle is that of Correspondence. This is something Luna told me weeks ago, and probably the reason she gave me this book. It asserts that 'As above, so below; as below, so above.' This is the idea that what is true of the Universe is also true of the individual, and vice versa; that we are all following the same Laws, so we can use examples we know of one to help explain the other. This is particularly useful when we are attempting to postulate about the nature of the Unknown. Of course, one has to wonder how they are so certain that this Principle is true, but it is interesting nonetheless. I'll come back to that."The third is the Principle of Vibration. 'Nothing rests; everything moves; everything vibrates.' This is where their beliefs become truly fascinating to me, and also pertinent to my research. You see, this Principle basically asserts that the differences between different planes of existence are all due to varying vibrations. Well, this is right in line with Science's understanding of Energy as the base of all matter. And, more interesting than that, vibration is cyclical. 'The All,' which they also describe as Pure Spirit (which is right in line with everything I've been reading about Spirit being the highest level of everything from the planets to the Philosopher's Stone), vibrates on such a high frequency that it is practically at rest, and the simplest base matter in the Universe vibrates on such a low level that it is practically at rest."This goes right along with the next Principle, that of Polarity: 'everything is Dual, everything has poles; everything has its pair of opposites; like and unlike are the same; opposites are identical in nature, but different in degree; extremes meet; all truths are but half-truths; all paradoxes may be reconciled.' And can't you see how that is exactly what I've been learning? It is Yin and Yang; crest and trough; sun and shade; the two sides of a lemniscate which flow into one another with no perfect discerning line between the two. The idea here is that Light and Dark are varying degrees of the same concept (or, if you will, different vibrations of it). There is no line dividing the two; they are opposite extremes. And don't you remember what you said at the beginning of Term about there being no clear line between Good and Evil?"But this is where it gets really, really interesting. The Initiates assert that Mental Transmutation (alchemy of the mind, ie. what the Philosopher's Stone is an allegory for) can actually change someone's mental vibrations so that feelings such as Love can become their reverse, such as Hate. Of course that sounds ridiculous at first, but the longer I thought about it, the more sense it made. It is possible to learn compassion for even the most terrible enemy. And the reverse is true as well. Imagine a terrible breakup where someone you deeply loved hurt you so much that you immediately hated them for it."Severus's chest tightened painfully. Lily. Could she have felt that way for him? The agony was biting, but he hid it from her view, busying himself with grinding lotus leaves."Of course, I thought of Voldemort," the oblivious girl continued. "He has only ever known Hate. And maybe… possibly… with the right tweak, he could learn to love."He had to snort at that. "You are hopelessly naïve, Granger." The words were far more caustic than he'd intended, but his heart was burning with a terrible ache at the moment, and he found the feeling difficult to contain. Could Hermione ever hate him in that way? The thought was too terrible to contemplate."Perhaps," she allowed without blinking an eye. "Anyway, the fifth Principle is the Principle of Rhythm. 'Everything flows, out and in; everything has its tides; all things rise and fall; the pendulum-swing manifests in everything; the measure of the swing to the right is the measure of the swing to the left; rhythm compensates.' This builds on the concepts of Yin and Yang; of Polarity and Vibration. I'm sure there's more to it, but the next one is far more interesting to me at the moment."That is the Principle of Cause and Effect: 'Every Cause has its Effect; every Effect has its Cause; everything happens according to Law; Chance is but a name for Law not recognized; there are many planes of causation, but nothing escapes the Law.' Well, that's Chaos Theory! That is exactly what I have been studying! It is the idea that nothing is arbitrary and everything happens for a reason. It's not particularly comforting, at first glance, and I began to feel quite helpless, as if everything was already decided, so what did any of it matter? But, don't you see, that's exactly the wrong approach. What it really means is that my opinions and my desires and my ideas and decisions and goals do affect the outcome of it all. And once you realize that no matter how small, everything you do does have an effect, then you understand that it's all a matter of degree. Maybe my actions are just products of my genetics and upbringing, but that does not mean that I don't have power over them. In fact, it means just the opposite. It means that, recognizing this, I can choose to feed the side I want to win. It's all about self-control. It's like the adage that there are two wolves fighting for dominance inside each of us. One is Evil and the other is Good, so which one wins? And the answer is: the one we feed. Well, take the Law of Correspondence and the same is true of the world as a whole. As long as we fight for Good, it still has a chance to win." She was breathless with excitement when she finished this tirade, and Severus felt unsettled by the ideas she'd imparted."That was only six Principles," he told her."Ah, yes. The last is the Principle of Gender. 'Gender is in everything; everything has its Masculine and Feminine Principles; Gender manifests on all planes.' I haven't read nearly as much about this one, but I think it would be interesting to look into as many of my readings have dealt with femininity versus masculinity, particularly in Astrology.""Hmmmm," he hummed, noncommittally.Hermione placed a Stasis Charm on the simmering cauldron and leaned against the dresser. He must not have been masking his thoughts very well, for worry began to crease her brow and slip into her voice when she spoke again. "Severus? Are you alright?""Fine," he answered a shade too roughly. "Only, it's been a long day."She smiled sadly at that. "A long week."Recognizing the chance for a change of subject, Severus snatched at that line of thought. "You had a row with your mother," he told her, matter-of-factly.Hermione did not attempt to deny it. "She compared my life in the Wizarding World to Alice's adventures in Wonderland, and told me that I was welcome home whenever I was ready to 'wake up.'"He cringed. The reference was unfamiliar, but he was able to surmise the gist. How terribly unsympathetic."Actually…" the brazen Gryffindor was looking quite sheepish, and Severus was instantly on his guard. "We did sort of… talk about… you, to be honest. She… she catches on to things… my mum."The practiced spy stood stock still, staring down at her while she wrung her hands. "Indeed," he agreed. "I had noticed as much."Her eyes darted up to his at that. "Did she say something to you?""Only that she knew there was more to our story and that she blamed me for your continued separation from her family.""Oh." She was rubbing the back of her neck and studying the floor. "Well, she guessed a lot more than that.""Oh?""Mmhmmm… she may have… sort of… tried to… give me 'the talk.'""'The talk?'""Yes, er, you know… The… uh… sex talk.""Oh."Hermione was quiet for a long moment while he waited for her to expound. "She… er… that is… she kind of begged me not to have sex with you…"Severus was not sure how to respond to that. "I see.""And I sort of… might have… argued against her… until she realized that it wasn't a hypothetical scenario anymore." She was studying him with wide, cinnamon eyes, but Severus could not find the strength to console her."Brilliant," he grumbled. "No wonder she was glaring at me.""Was she? I-I hardly noticed.""I don't suppose you told your father, though?""No, but… my parents have always confided everything in one another, and… well, they're quite isolated, after all…""Brilliant."Another long silence followed, while Hermione toyed with the hem of her jumper. "They'll come around," she breathed, hopefully."Perhaps," he allowed. In his fragile emotional state, Severus felt a sudden need to be alone. "A few hours remain before dinner will be served, and I am quite weary. Tell your friends that it would be prudent to practice their Occlumency. I am not above late-night lessons." He hardly gave her a moment to respond before slipping out the door and sweeping up the stairs to his own bedroom. Hopefully, the girl would be wise enough not to follow.When he met Molly Weasley on the staircase, Severus very nearly groaned aloud. She was just about the last person he wanted to talk to right now, and that was clearly her intent."Do you have a minute?" she asked him, as if he were free to tell her 'no.' Unable to voice his consent to this imposition on his privacy, the dark wizard merely nodded and followed the woman into an empty room. Her voice was weak and weary when she spoke again. "Severus, what are you doing?"He suppressed an angry scowl. "I was heading upstairs for a moment's rest.""You know what I mean.""You mean to ask what I am doing with Hermione Granger." She did not respond to this assertion, so he continued with a sighed. "I understand your concern, Molly. Yes, she is my student. Yes, I am twice her age. Believe me, I know. I've been trying to tell her that, myself, for months."The concern seemed to leave the maternal woman in a breath. "Then, you aren't involved?" He could practically taste her relief."Molly," he sighed. "I am certain that my life and your mind would both be easier if I could simply tell you that was true." He could not seem to voice the denial aloud, but she understood all the same.The anxious woman huffed in helpless irritation. "Then, if you know that it is wrong, why must you…""I did not say that it was wrong.""But you…""I merely acknowledged that it is not easy. You know me, Molly; perhaps not very well, but about as well as anyone else, not counting the Headmaster or Miss Granger. When have I ever entered into any decision so lightly? When have I ever involved myself with anyone, much less a person in as inflammatory a position as Hermione? Ask yourself; if I truly had nefarious plans for the girl, would I have allowed our involvement to be revealed?""Well, I don't…""None of you would be half as concerned if I were Sirius Black, but that scoundrel is far less discerning and more rash than I've ever been. Why can't any of you just accept that I care for the girl?"Molly's eyes grew wide at the admission. "You…""Yes. Ridiculous, I know. I am supposed to be the vile and detestable Potions Master. I hate all Gryffindors and eat bunnies for breakfast with a glass of baby's blood. How could a man so evil ever feel anything more than lust for another person? Clearly, I am using the girl for my own wicked ends." He paused there, allowing her a chance at a response, but she was too stunned to say a word. When he spoke again, his voice was calmer and deeper than before. "Has it ever occurred to any of you that perhaps Hermione, the Gryffindor, was the one urging us together? That I never would have allowed myself to be placed in such a scandalous position for any reason inferior to the relentless and inescapable clutches of ardent devotion?" His eyes flashed at the confession, and he knew that she had seen right through his words, but he could not take it back. "I know that you are concerned for the girl's wellbeing," he continued in a softer voice, "but I promise you that I am the last person who would ever endeavor to hurt her."…*~*J*~*…









Chapter 57





Chapter Text
...*~*J*~*...Despite having told Hermione that he was planning to rest for a while, Severus stood staring out the window of his dark bedroom, worrying about the fate of the Wizarding World. Albus had been adamant that offensive action would need to be taken soon. But what could they possibly accomplish with fewer numbers and no hidden strengths? They had not yet discovered Hermione's purpose in this War, but knew she could not transport people. What, then, could make her the key they needed... if she was the key, at all?And what of Lucius Malfoy? He had a feeling the arrogant blond could be brought to their side, but with time. They needed more time! An offensive attack? They had never even openly considered that alternative. How could they formulate an adequate plan when, for years, they had been counting on the dark lord's propensity to attack first? Could they do it? Could they infiltrate the Manor and destroy the evil within? Surely, with the Malfoys's help, it could be done. The infiltration, at least. Destroying the dark lord, however... that would be a tad trickier.Would the Potter boy be ready? For the nonce, he was a spoiled brat with no particular talents that might be useful to them in war. Could he defeat the most powerful evil wizard in living memory? He had very little experience in duelling and no experience killing. But the Prophecy had clearly said that either must die at the hand of the other. Severus sighed against the window pane, pinching the bridge of his nose to curtail an impending headache. Either way, one thing was guaranteed: everything was about to get substantially more difficult....*~*J*~*...Rather than practice her Occlumency, as she certainly should have done, Hermione stretched out in the bed that occupied their makeshift lab and allowed the shifting sea of her mind to ebb and flow. She had never expected her mother to be so upset, but was that just because she had kept herself from thinking about it? Her parents were a troublesome dilemma, in Hermione's mind. They would always be part of her life, but they couldn't be part of her world. Perhaps she'd known that all along, but hadn't wanted to consider that her new life as a witch came at a dreadful price.Hermione sighed and reached for the book her mother had given her. The edges were dented and frayed from frequent handling, yet still the pages were perfectly smooth. Nothing was earmarked and no pages were bent or ripped or drawn on as one would expect from a child's favourite book. But Hermione Granger had never been an ordinary child.As she began to read, memories leapt out at her with every page. She had forgotten so much about the story. She had forgotten so much about her childhood. The entire dream-sequence took the form of a giant chess match and Hermione was immediately reminded of their first year at Hogwarts. What irony. This chess board, however, spanned forests and brooks, rather than a meagre hall. And the pieces all came alive with strange and illogical personalities.It was difficult not to picture Mrs. Weasley as the Red Queen, and Tweedledee and Tweedledum just screamed of Fred and George, but did that make the sleeping figure of the Red King, which they pointed out to her, their father?'He's dreaming now,' said Tweedledee: 'and what do you think he's dreaming about?'
Alice said 'Nobody can guess that.'
'Why, about YOU!' Tweedledee exclaimed, clapping his hands triumphantly. 'And if he left off dreaming about you, where do you suppose you'd be?''Where I am now, of course,' said Alice.'Not you!' Tweedledee retorted contemptuously. 'You'd be nowhere. Why, you're only a sort of thing in his dream!'Hermione paused a moment to consider that before continuing on with the story. She wondered at Humpty Dumpty's role, perhaps, as the Cosmic Egg she'd read so much about. And when she reached the part where a white knight challenges the red knight who wishes to take Alice prisoner, she couldn't help but imagine Severus and Ron. Before she knew it, the story was over, terminating in one last poem.
A boat beneath a sunny sky,

Lingering onward dreamily

In an evening of July—

Children three that nestle near,

Eager eye and willing ear,

Pleased a simple tale to hear—

Long has paled that sunny sky:

Echoes fade and memories die.

Autumn frosts have slain July.

Still she haunts me, phantomwise,

Alice moving under skies

Never seen by waking eyes.

Children yet, the tale to hear,

Eager eye and willing ear,

Lovingly shall nestle near.

In a Wonderland they lie,

Dreaming as the days go by,

Dreaming as the summers die:

Ever drifting down the stream—

Lingering in the golden gleam—

Life, what is it but a dream?
Perhaps her mother hadn't actually reread the story before giving it to Hermione. This certainly would have been a great counter-argument to the suggestion that she 'wake up.' Something about that last line seemed to remind her of something else she'd read quite recently. Hadn't she seen that exact phrase? Or something similar?"Hermione?" Ginny's voice broke through the door, startling the older witch from her reverie. "Supper's ready."...*~*J*~*...The tiny Muggles far beneath him carried on like oblivious ants as the sky darkened all around them. Electric bulbs popped into life as they streamed along the sidewalks in obedient lines. They are sheep, he thought. Enveloped by a cosy world of profane ignorance, they lived their days in pursuit of simple pleasures with no greater goals than the eventual procreation of their useless species; no better than livestock in a cinderblock field.Lucius Malfoy had flown to the top of some corporate skyscraper in central London to brood over the world of those lesser than he. His very presence here, atop this colossal structure, was proof that no matter how high the Muggles strove to push themselves, he would always surpass them with ease. They were no more than vermin, rotting away their lives without ambition or any glimmer of greatness. They lived to breed and eat and soil the world with their filthy imperfection. Animals. That anyone could believe them part of the same species as himself, he could not fathom. Clearly, these vulgar things were but base creatures of the physical world. Their lives were mundane; their dreams hopelessly short-sighted, unoriginal, or far beyond the greatest stretch of their contemptible potential.That such filthy bodies of the lowest realm could somehow produce Magical offspring was a notion incompatible with his views of the world. It was an insult to his heritage as a Pureblood. It was a threat to his perception of his own greatness. No, clearly these base creatures were a breed apart. That fact still remained.He did not hate Severus for loving his Mudblood. What could a Half-blood understand of it, really? Their own dark master was a Half-blood, too, so he did not despise his friend for that. Clearly, Magical blood prevailed against its Muggle counterpart. Yet, still the prospect of a Magical child coming from two such sheep of the Non-Magical physical realm was too terrible to consider. Such inexplicable offspring were an abomination; a stain on the Wizarding World. They called into question his very own roots; his own legitimacy. And he could not have that.He had always aspired to Greatness. It was his birthright. His ambition so opposed the simple-mindedness of Muggles that he could never doubt his own superiority. Greatness awaited him in the end of this war, he knew. Greatness was what drew him to Lord Voldemort in the first place.The end was close at hand. They all could feel it, tingling in the very air like the greatly anticipated yield of a long-nourished crop. For years they had been waiting, but they would be rewarded soon. The Greatness he had yearned for so long he could not remember an absence of this overwhelming urge would soon be his to savour and to flaunt for all the world to see. You think I am powerful now? Just wait to see what I will do when such power rests within me!Nothing had ever been more important to Lucius than the eventual attainment of this goal. Power. That was what he desired more than anything else in the world. It was the difference between him and the sheep far beneath the soles of his feet as he stared down at the darkening street. Never had he wanted anything more.And yet, he had not realised that this Greatness would come at such a dreadful price. Fool that he was, he had not guarded himself well enough against the temptation of lower desires. Terrible fool! He had never known that a wife and child could threaten his noble aspiration. He had allowed himself to love them, never considering that that might be his downfall. They were his treasures, though he had never expected to feel for them so much. And now the night was falling and the freezing wind was ripping at his cloak as storm clouds rolled across the sky. Now, it seemed, he would have to make a choice. He could only have one, but which would it be? His Greatness, or his family?...*~*J*~*...Icy winter rain lashed against the window of the Study as Ron battled Severus in chess. He had won the first after-dinner game and quickly suggested a rematch lest the Slytherin recall a threat of Occlumency lessons for that evening. Severus had bested him that game, and they were currently locked in a third. Harry and Ginny had eventually lost interest and slipped out of the room, while Sirius questioned the twins about their thriving business of imaginative inventions. Molly and Arthur had gone up to bed and Tonks and Remus had gone home after dinner. Now, the hour was late, and the room was cosy, and Hermione stretched out on the couch behind her professor, flipping through her notes. The answer just had to be somewhere. She had been led so smoothly through all of her research only to come up against such a dead end. Surely, there was something she was missing. There must have been a lead into the next string of study, for it couldn't just end there.The Kybalion had hinted at a fascinating idea: alchemy as a metaphor for Mental Transmutation. Rather than the Philosopher's Stone being a physical creation which turned lead into gold and kept mortals alive forever (which she knew it also was, in the Magical world), the Hermetists believed it was a process of changing one's mental vibrations (or those of another!) using the Principle of Polarity. If this were possible, she could turn hate to love. But how? She had long ago decided that love must be the power Harry held over the dark lord, but could not imagine how love could kill the evil man. Harry, himself, had lit upon this concern with his worry over whether he would need to use Unforgivables in the Final Battle. There must be another way.Hermione was convinced that there must be some way to change Lord Voldemort; to show him that his path of evil was not the only way. It was terribly ironic, looking back, that he had sought the Philosopher's Stone to keep himself alive, but the spiritual truth it represented might well have been the only way to save him from his fate. Unless, of course, he won the War... but that was too terrible to think about.Looking over her notes, everything seemed to fall right into place alongside this new information. The Cosmic Egg of Greek Mythology was the Prima Materia of the Philosopher's Stone. It represented Chaos and was the base matter of the beginning of the world; the thought bubble in the mind of 'The All,' as the Hermetists would have her believe. Of course, others held that the 'Womb of Darkness' was true Chaos and that the Cosmic Egg had been begotten by the Wind inside this womb. Eros, the god of love, was born of this Egg, and with his birth the Universe was set into motion. The alchemist Paracelsus also held that Chaos was the unorganized mess of elements from which all Creation sprung. This was right in line with The Kybalion's insistence that all higher forms of matter and life and spirit arose from the initial gross matter of the Universe because all of the potential of everything is there from the very start.She had scribbled a quote from Paracelsus beneath these bullets which said, "The Tria Prima (or Three Primes) are Salt, Sulfur, and Mercury; wherein Salt is recognized as Base Matter, Sulfur represents the Omnipresent Spirit of Life, and Mercury is the fluid connection between the two." If she applied this to her other readings, it made a strange sort of sense. The Hermetic belief that everything evolved from Base Matter to eventually rejoin 'The All,' ie. Spirit, ie. Infinite Living Mind (the Omnipresent Spirit of Life) was right in line with it, but did that mean that Mercury was everything in between? All of Matter and Life and Spirit was represented by one fluid, silvery metal? She reached for her Astrology book.Mercury was the Messenger God. Of course! He was the Roman equivalent of Hermes! Apparently, Mercury was the only completely neutral planet; equally diurnal and nocturnal, equally Yin and Yang. It represented objective reasoning and the ability to see two sides of an argument, bridging the two by its connective powers. Bridging the gap between Base Matter and the Omnipresent Spirit of Life? Hermione thought. It was symbolised by children, messengers, instruments of communication such as telephones (Hermione immediately and inexplicably thought of the mirrors connecting Severus's bedroom at Hogwarts to Lucius Malfoy's Manor), keys (could it be?), and all forms of transportation (Like Apparition?). Hermione had to set the book down for a minute and think about what she had read. She toyed with the lemniscate around her neck, imagining Mercury at the very centre, where the lines overlapped.When she turned back to her notes, the tip of her quill sought the line she had been reading before delving into the Astrology text. Ah, yes. She had been comparing the Tria Prima to her other overarching concepts. First there were the ideas presented in The Kybalion, which had led her off on this Mercury tangent. But she had also wanted to compare the idea to the Philosopher's Stone. If Salt was Base Matter, it would also be the Cosmic Egg, the Prima Materia used in the making of the Stone. It was the initial Chaos of Nigredo, the dark pole opposite of Spiritual fulfilment which came after the completion of the Magnum Opus. If Sulfur was that Spiritual fulfilment, did that mean that Mercury was the Magnum Opus in itself? Could Mercury symbolise the transmutation of Base Matter into Pure Spirit? Was it the medium which allowed for fluid mental transmutation from one pole to another, using vibration? She turned back to the Astrology text, rereading Mercury's page over and over again. One line seemed to jump out at her time and time again. "Mercury is notoriously unstable, and will bounce between the two sides of an issue with great abandon, reveling in the paradox and the duality."*...*~*J*~*..."Check mate," Severus drawled, sneering at his chess companion. They were an unlikely pair, to be sure, but not unlikely rivals.Mr. Weasley stared down at the board another minute before nodding his head, brave face set in place, and reaching across the table to shake his opponent's hand. "Another good game," he conceded with grace. Severus nodded, secretly impressed with the surly red-head's uncharacteristic composure. "Care for another?""No," Severus almost laughed. "I think that's quite enough for one night. Perhaps tomorrow."The Gryffindor nodded, yawning inelegantly and standing to stretch out his limbs. "I'll best you next time," he promised in a tired voice.Severus only smirked back at him, pulling himself to his feet; a process which reminded him terribly of just how old he'd gotten. Hermione was stretched across the couch behind him, staring up at him with notes and books sprawled all around her. He cocked an eyebrow and sneered down at her, but she just grinned, packing her belongings together and standing to face him eye to eye... or, really, eye to chest, as the case may be. "Aren't you going to congratulate me?" he asked her in a laughing voice.To his surprise, she merely leaned forward, rising up onto her tiptoes, and whispered in his ear, "Let's go up to bed, and I can do it there." The promise in her voice sent a shock of heat across his skin and he ushered her out of the room, ignoring the uncertain stares of the other men. The twins were quite accepting of their romance, but Black openly glared at his former schoolmate and the youngest Mr. Weasley hid his disgust by turning away. Severus scowled. One day, perhaps it wouldn't be like this. But he was too cynical to believe it. He would have to marry the girl to prove to them that his intentions were not malicious. The thought nearly stopped him in his tracks. Marry Hermione? It was a thought he could hardly consider, having never imagined that he might ever marry at all. But the idea incited a certain pleasant nervousness inside of him and he found that it wasn't entirely disagreeable a thought. If I survive the War, he thought. Yes. Of course. If he survived the War, why shouldn't he marry Hermione?It was with a lighter step that he climbed to the top of the stairs, his beloved Gryffindor in tow. She clung to his aching fingers with the tenacity of youth as she followed him to his room. "It has been a long day," he murmured as they closed the door and threw up a number of wards."A long week," she said, smiling teasingly as he remembered their conversation earlier that very day. Then her smile faded and her eyes dropped to the floor. "You must be exhausted," she said. "We should probably get some sleep."But Severus wasn't going to let her off so easy. Stepping toward her, he enveloped her with his arms, leaning down to rest his chin upon her head and laughing softly into her crazy hair. "I thought you were going to congratulate me," he reminded her."Oh, yes," she whispered in a teasing voice. She paused a long moment and he held his breath. "Congratulations."Severus stepped back from her, glaring down in disapproval. "Is that all the prize I am to have for such an epic victory?"Hermione smirked up at him. "You shouldn't play the game if the returns aren't to your liking.""I play the game," he retorted, grinning, "for the satisfaction of besting a worthy adversary.""Is that praise of a Weasley from the mouth of Severus Snape?""That's hardly fair. I have the greatest respect... for Molly and Arthur."She swatted his arm at that, and Severus scooped her up and deposited her on the bed. Hermione gasped at the sudden jostling relocation of her person and scowled up at him as he laughed and climbed onto the bed. They were both fully clothed as he covered her body with his, pushing one hand beneath her head and catching her mouth with his eager lips. She felt so fragile and small when she was crushed beneath him, but he wouldn't hurt her for anything in the world. Gods' truth, he would rather die.Her mouth was so soft and wet against his, melting into his embrace as he slowly tasted her. Mine, was all he could think. Then she pushed him away only far enough to slip a hand over his mouth and met his eyes with sweet resolution. "You can't win something you already have," she told him. He smiled against her hand and caught the flesh of a finger between his teeth. "Ow!" she giggled, ripping her hand away."That didn't hurt, you little baby.""It tickled!" she agreed. Then his mouth was on hers again and she moaned in soft surrender, lifting her hips beneath his so that a flash of arousal swept across his skin. Soon, he was rubbing his clothed body against hers, slipping a hand beneath her jumper and filling it with one round breast. Her nipple was taut and hard against his palm, despite the heat between them, and Severus growled with the desire it inflamed.Having unbuttoned the garment without his noticing, Hermione pushed his heavy frockcoat from his frame, gasping against his mouth as she struggled to kick off her shoes. He took this opportunity to pull her jumper off and toss it to the floor as he pushed off his boots with his own struggling feet. Somehow, he managed to pull both sets of trousers down simultaneously as she worked to undo the buttons of his shirt. But soon enough, their naked flesh was pressed together in immeasurable bliss.Severus rubbed himself against her, nearly driving himself insane as his hard cock brushed the soft wetness of her core. He pushed her knees up to her chest and she surprised him by linking them over his shoulders. "Please," she groaned as he reached between them to guide himself inside."Patience..." he admonished, but she only moaned. This position must have felt as wonderful to her as it did to him, for as soon as he had pushed inside, her mouth fell open in agonised bliss. Severus tried to start out at a lenient pace, but she only gasped and urged him to be rougher. This raw passion from his little Gryffindor drove Severus to a frenzy and soon he was hammering against her at a punishing pace. She gasped and whimpered and filled the room with the most delicious cries of pleasured pain, heedless of the others in the house. Severus would have been grateful for the strength of his silencing wards if he wasn't so busy not giving a damn. Suddenly, Hermione threw back her head, crying out and digging her nails into his shoulders as she tightened around him. Severus came with a growl and froze above her, groaning as the pulses of pleasure rushed through him and then slowly began to subside. He kissed her again and she met him eagerly, expressing her pleasure in that simple touch. Then, Severus lifted himself off of her and collapsed against the blankets by her side. For a few long minutes, they lay there panting before weariness overtook them and, sated, they fell asleep....*~*J*~*...
Darkness stretched out all around her, broken only by the sparkle of a thousand distant stars. She was floating, unable to tell which way was up or down. And she was not alone, she realized, turning her head to see Luna walking toward her. She was lying on the ground, floating on a lake, resting in the Womb of Darkness. "People think that Hermes is the 'Scribe of the Gods,'" Luna's voice echoed, "but that's just a bit of silliness, really."

Hermione watched as the pale planet began to circle them. She watched until everything else was moving and Mercury was frozen in one place. Then its head grew a body as it rested against the trunk of an enormous tree.
"He's dreaming now," said Fred as the twins danced into sight: "and what do you think he's dreaming about?""Why, about YOU!" cried George, laughing happily."You're only a sort of thing in his dream!""He's the Father of the Secret Doctrine," Luna told her in that eerie sing-song voice as the Red King woke up and began to stand. "The keeper of the Master-Key!"
Mercury held out his hand, opening the closed fist to reveal a blood-red stone. "Unlock Victory and she shall be free," he told Hermione as she pranced toward him, floating strangely as if she were walking on the Moon. She reached for the stone in his outstretched hand, but her fingertips collided with smooth, cold glass. Belatedly, she noticed the frame around him whose old gold was inscribed with the words 'I show not thy face, but thy heart's desire.'
"It does not do to dwell on dreams," the voice of Albus Dumbledore proclaimed. Suddenly, he was the one holding the stone in the Mirror of Erised. Fred and George and Luna danced and pranced around behind him and Hermione pressed against the glass, unable to join them. Darkness surrounded her on all sides and she clung to the frame of the Mirror, desperate not to fall away from it as her legs stretched out behind her, pulling her into empty space. Now, Severus and Ron were duelling like knights on a chess board, and Harry and Ginny had joined their friends as they danced around the tree. Then, their voices all joined up together, singing in an eerie harmony.
In a Wonderland they lie,

Dreaming as the days go by,

Dreaming as the summers die:

Her mother's voice overlapped their singing with one mournful whisper. "We will always be here, ready for you to come back to us, whenever you're ready to wake up."
"No!" she answered, "This is who I am! This is where I belong!"
Ever drifting down the stream—

Lingering in the golden gleam—

Here, the other voices broke off and Hermione could feel someone breathing into her ear as Luna's voice whispered, "Life, what is it but a dream?"
Hermione startled awake with a strangled gasp, jolting up in the bed. Severus stirred, propping himself up on an elbow. "Hermione? Are you alright?"She didn't answer; couldn't. Her mind was too busy working through the dream she'd had. "Oh my god!" she whispered. Mirrors! How had she not seen it? The Mirror of Erised and the Philosopher's Stone. You have to have good intentions! Mirrors as Mercury. Mirrors as the Magnum Opus. Mirrors as the next line of inquiry! How had she not thought of it before? They had been there since the very beginning. She gasped as memories flitted through her mind:Her ten-year-old self reading Through the Looking-Glass.Malfoy Manor where a revel of evil surrounded her on all sides; the horror and the chaos and the filth reflected from every angle in the mirrors that covered the walls. 'Like Mercury. Like Quicksilver. Like those horrible mirrors in every direction!'Funny how such a simple thing can be so powerful."Hermione?""Shh!"Another quote from Paracelsus leapt to mind: "The light of the soul, by the will of the Triune God, made all earthly things appear from the primal Chaos." Of course! The first stage of the Magnum Opus is associated with Chaos. The second with the reflection of the soul! The Full Moon, the Cosmic Mirror, was supposed to symbolize the Mother."You used to go on and on… telling us adamantly that one day you'd be a great scientist and find a way into the mirror yourself."And its essence, Silver, had healing properties. Love."Silver was used to heal wounds?"
The symbol for Chiron is the shape of a key... where we encounter and have the opportunity to accept spirituality... through the wound—the weakest point. The urge of this planet is to heal... The need of this planet is to carry the light.
"You said 'it's only for a little while...' And I let you go."Harry was standing on an altar black as the night around him as the hydra's heads reeled back and erupted with flame. But the fire took form, confining itself to the shape of a burning torch and the glowing body of the angel who carried it. The full moon overhead was like a halo. And Harry lunged toward the beast, piercing its heart with his honourable sword. And all around, Hermione could see the face of the angel reflected in the stars. And it was her own."Mum…this is who I am.""The dark lord now holds the key to his own demise.""I can't turn my back on that."Through endless darkness she was flying, and all about her there were stars. And beneath was the reflection of a phoenix on the surface of a glassy sea. She was gliding through air and she was gliding through water. And her duel image was undisturbed in the quiescent calm. The fathomless mirror was not blemished by ripples. And the peace of the water was reflected in the sky; Heart's Desire manifest like a dream turned reality."… whenever you're ready to wake up."Then, as she soared, a great monster burst from beneath the sea, shattering the silver surface into a million ripples and reaching for her with razor teeth. But she was out of its reach and it splashed back into its own reflection. And as the monster disappeared, the jagged waves returned to calm, and peace was restored. And the sky was still and the water unmoving as she was surrounded once again by the quiet sparkle of the stars.A plan was forming in her mind as Harry's sleepy visage swam before her eyes. He rubbed his scar and lowered his gaze in apprehension. "Right, well, it was about Voldemort. Actually, it was about the first time I saw him; in the Mirror of Erised."
She walked toward the silhouette of a familiar man. There was cold; snow. Everything was black and white; but for the window before the man to whom she walked.
'He who holds her chains shall have the key.''What good is a Portkey that cannot transport people?'"Only, then I was looking through his eyes into the Mirror."'Only a person who wanted to find the Stone—find it, but not use it—would be able to get it.''Dark cannot drive out dark; only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate; only love can do that.'
And as she approached, she could see that he did not feel the cold. He was numb from acclimation to it. It was all he'd ever known.
'Nigredo comes before Albedo.'"And I wasn't in it anymore."'For neither can live while the other survives.'
And when she stood beside him, she could see into the window, where a red-haired beauty sat by a fire with another man. And the baby between them was pure love.
Harry paused in thought and met her eyes."He saw me gone."The whirling thoughts came to an abrupt stop as Hermione panted with revelation. "Severus," she gasped into the darkness of their chilly room, "I know how we're going to win."...*~*J*~*...

Please Review!











Chapter 58





Chapter Text

Severus Snape stood by the arched window of the Headmaster's office, staring out at the sunny grounds. It was June and the summer holiday had only just begun. He should be resting, enjoying these few months of peace and solitude, but he could not. Already, he dreaded the coming year. It would be worse than any other; because this year, Harry Potter was coming to Hogwarts.

It shouldn't have hurt as much as it did. He had not only now learned of the boy's existence, after all. Yet still he found himself dreading his first sight of the ungrateful wretch. Would he look like his father? James Potter had been his most hated nemesis in school, and had taken away the love of his life. Or... perhaps worse... would he look like his mother?
"Have a seat, Severus. There is much to discuss." Albus gestured to the wingback chair in front of his desk."I am content to stand."
The Headmaster—long accustomed to his moods and idiosyncrasies—did not bother to press to matter. "Suit yourself. Sherbet Lemon?"
"No.""Right then. Straight to business. We spoke earlier about the potential need to remove the Philosopher's Stone from Gringotts.""Yes, and I told you it was foolish and that Goblin enchantments are much stronger than your frail, geriatric fingers.""And you were right, Severus." The Potions Master swung around at that and glared suspiciously down at his superior. Albus merely smiled. "That is why I have decided to construct a set of elaborate ruses to foil any potential seekers of the Stone."
Severus gawked down at the older man. "Do you mean some sort of world-imperilling scavenger hunt?"

The wizened wizard laughed at that. "Of course not. I mean to hide the Stone here, at Hogwarts. And you and my other trusted professors are going to help me guard it. I've been waiting for an opportunity to use that trapdoor on the third floor, and I think the Underground Chambers will give us plenty of space to let our imaginations run wild."
"Our imaginations? How droll, Albus. And once the infiltrator has gotten past this series of explosive fantasies, what then? The Philosopher's Stone is sitting there on a stool for anyone who hasn't yet lost their mind to claim?"Albus peered over his spectacles at the other man, causing Severus to grit his teeth in annoyance and turn away from those damnable twinkling eyes. "Severus, I mean to challenge the pursuer with a set of nearly impossible tasks. You must have already surmised as much, for I can see the light of inspiration in your eyes. We will know the key, of course. I will be able to retrieve the Stone. Go, plan your task. I await your ideas with great anticipation.""Certainly, Albus. I will design a task for you. But it will not be imaginative.""Oh?""It will be logical."
The Headmaster sighed. "Severus, perhaps one day you will understand that logic and imagination are not mutually exclusive."

The younger wizard snorted at that. "I can appreciate imagination when it is tempered with logic. I am certain you will devise something more imaginative than a stool on which to place the Stone."

Albus twinkled up at him. "I have some ideas." For the tiniest fraction of a second, the old man's eyes darted to something behind Severus, but the Slytherin was too practiced a spy not to notice. Nor did he acknowledge the gesture, for to do so would be to open it up for conversation, something the Headmaster clearly did not want. Albus cleared his throat, standing up and moving to take Severus's place before the window. "That is all for now, Severus. You may go." The Potions Master nodded silently and took advantage of the other man's turned back to peek behind himself at the object that would conceal the Philosopher's Stone.
It was as if someone had taken a hammer to his chest. There she was. After all these years, to be confronted with her image so suddenly and unexpectedly knocked the breath right out of him. She was beautiful. That perfect smile was still as innocent as it had been when they'd first met and her porcelain skin looked as smooth as he remembered it to be. That fiery auburn hair framed her face like flames and her deep green eyes were looking right at him. He gasped aloud, sinking to the floor in devastation, kneeling by her feet."Lily."
The vision did not respond, but continued to watch him with unaccusing eyes. He could not have imagined her so perfectly. Every detail was there as he never would have remembered. How could he have forgotten even a single freckle on her face? How could he have pictured her lashes as anything but that particular brown? She was not the idol he had made her out to be. She was real, alive, and all the more beautiful for being so.

Only she wasn't.
"Ah," said Albus, turning to face his spy once more. "I see you have discovered my mirror. Remarkable isn't it?"
Severus could not speak. Terrible pain clenched at his heart, and in that moment he hated the Headmaster.

The old man cringed guiltily down at his spy. "Forgive me, Severus," he said, clearly unrepentant. "I should have known what you would see."
...*~*J*~*...The Order meeting wasn't for another three hours and Severus could hardly contain his euphoria. He was elated. There was no other word. For the first time since the dark lord's second rise to power, they had a plan; they had a chance; they had hope.Maybe he could be with Hermione, after all. Maybe they would win this war and put this darkness in their past. He had never dared to dream that that could happen, but with the plan they had concocted, it no longer seemed so hopeless.For several hours they had discussed it all at length with the Headmaster. Together, the three of them had taken Hermione's brilliant ideas and formulated a logical, reasonable, stable plan that just might work. They were to divulge the plot only to the most crucial members of the Order three hours from now. In the meantime, he really ought to rest, but he was so... excited—a strange sensation—that he simply couldn't sit still, let alone go back to sleep.Hermione was in much the same state, alternating between beaming up at him and tugging enthusiastically on his arm as they made their way back to Grimmauld Place from the castle. She tugged him all the way to the house, through the door, and into the library. Of course. Get Hermione Granger excited and what does she want to do? Research.Soon they had a dozen books spread out on the coffee table and Severus was scanning the aisles for more, using Hermione's word search Charm. Parchment was strewn about everywhere—presumably Hermione's previous notes—and she was currently scribbling furiously in a thick Muggle notebook. Severus smirked down at her. My little Gryffindor, he thought, saving the world."Can it really be that easy?" she called out to him, excitement and disbelief quarrelling in her voice. He had disappeared back into the stacks again, but could tell that she was craning her neck for his response."Time will tell," he responded evenly, pulling another slender tome from the shelf and flipping through its dusty pages."But Severus, it fits in with everything!" She was breathless and the old professor thought he might be walking on air."Indeed," he muttered drily. In his experience, it was best to contain such uncontrollable emotions. It was not in his nature to submit to them as easily as she clearly had. It was not in his nature to hope."All my research!" she gasped and he heard the sound of her jumping up from the couch and skipping across the floor. Swinging around the bookcase, she all but leapt into his arms. "Oh, Severus!" she squealed. It was clearly an effort to keep herself from shouting. "We can be together after this." At that, she launched herself against him, wrapping her arms around his neck and burying her nose in the collar of his coat. In his surprise, Severus dropped the book he had been holding and wrapped his arms about her waist. Squeezing her tight against him, he breathed in the scent of her hair. We can be together after this. The words echoed again and again in his mind. Could that really be true?Unable to control himself, he found her lips with his and pressed hard against her, ravaging her without an ounce of restraint. In a moment, she was moaning into his mouth. Gripping her hair in one hand—rather too tightly—Severus slipped his other inside the back of her jeans, cupping that sweet little bum as his tongue thrust between her teeth. The shelf behind Hermione shook when he pushed her against it, but Charms had long been set in place to keep them from toppling over. And when his hand reached past the swell of her arse to finger her slick entrance, she gasped against his mouth.Dainty fingers were hastily undoing the buttons of his trousers and Severus groaned with need. The excitement of the past several hours had filled him with a tension that begged for release. And Hermione Granger seemed bent on accomplishing just that. When her fingers curled around his throbbing shaft, Severus growled aloud and bucked against her hand. In his eagerness, he reached beneath her jumper to squeeze her breast, all the while thrusting his fingers into the wet warmth between her legs. Their mouths broke apart as they panted and rubbed anxiously against one another. She was moaning and gasping and undoing the zip of her jeans and Severus took the opportunity to steer them closer to the wall, whose smooth surface would not bite into Hermione's back. Her jeans soon met the floor and she wrapped her legs around his waist as he drove inside of her, pressing her hard against the wall. She felt so wonderful as he began to thrust against her, panting into her hair as she whimpered beneath his touch. He wanted nothing more than to be close to her, to feel her body with his own, to know her in the most intimate way. This brilliant witch was his for good, and he was thoroughly enjoying the way their bodies fit together. He was so hard and she was so soft and the friction between them fuelled a fire as he hammered into her against the wall. Nothing could take this away from him.She was moaning his name when suddenly the door to the library burst open and blasted Potter's voice met their ears."D'you suppose it's good news?""Dunno," answered his redheaded sidekick, sounding bored.For a moment, Severus was still, his cock throbbing inside of her as their hearts pounded and their ears strained. Their eyes met; his in surprise, hers in horror. Then, his mouth stretched in a devious grin. Seeming to read his thoughts, Hermione's eyes grew wide, but he quickly cut off her protest with a kiss. Being careful to be quiet, he began to thrust against her once again, heedless of the modest witch's reticence to comply. The imbeciles weren't likely to wander the aisles of books, anyway. Hermione's anxious concern only made him smirk and bite her swollen lip. For a minute, she continued to struggle, pushing him away, but soon relented with a voiceless gasp as he found a sweet spot deep inside her."Can you believe they're letting us attend?" Miss Weasley's voice held all of the excitement of a young girl finally allowed to stay up past midnight for her first New Year's celebration."Must not be so important," her brother said."They said it was an 'Emergency Order Meeting.'" Potter argued. "Sounds important to me."Severus could have thrown up a Silencing Charm, but it was far more fun without one. The prospect of being caught like this only heightened his desire. Hermione, too, seemed to enjoy the danger of it all. Soon, her hands were tangling in his hair, scratching against the back of his neck, twisting painfully in his ebony locks. He pounded into her as quickly and as silently as possible, muffling his own moans by biting the tender flesh of her shoulder. Regardless, it was remarkable that the brats hadn't heard them yet.Miss Weasley gasped. "You don't suppose there's been another attack?""No telling," said Potter.Severus pulled away far enough to look into Hermione's eyes. He reached a hand up to cup her face and let her see how proud he was as he gazed into her cinnamon orbs. She must have understood, for her eyes grew wide and her lips parted with the force of realization. She gasped with pleasure and her eyes squeezed shut as her breathing hitched and she pounded one palm against his shoulder, biting her lip to suppress a cry of ecstasy and convulsing silently against the wall. The image was so erotic that it only took a few more thrusts before Severus was coming, too, meeting her mouth possessively as the other occupants of the room threw themselves down on the couches."Nah," Mr. Weasley said. "Mum was far too cheery this morning for that to be the case.""D'you think she knows, then?" Potter asked."Dunno," his friend replied, helpfully.Hermione and Severus panted against each other for a moment before Severus withdrew, allowing the girl to slip carefully down the wall. She glared at him, swatting his arm as they cast quick cleansing spells on each other and righted their clothing. Severus only smirked.The heavy clunk of shoes on Mahogany and a rustling of papers drew their attention back to the others in the room. From the sounds of it, Ronald Weasley was wrinkling their research. "Blimey, you think Hermione's been here?" he asked.Hermione sighed and stepped out from behind the bookshelf. "Yes, Ronald, as half of these are my books.""Merlin!" Miss Weasley choked in apparent surprise."Bloody 'ell," her brother gasped. "Were you back there the entire time?""No. I took a secret entrance none of you know about, just to frighten you."The other witch laughed at that."You alright, 'Mione? You look a bit flushed."Severus chose that moment to reveal himself to their audience. It didn't even bother him that they were sure to guess what they had interrupted. In fact, he smirked at them arrogantly; quite content to have them know. Hermione was his, after all. And he was here to stake his claim. "Research," he enunciated carefully, "tends to have that effect on her." And to emphasise his point, he stepped behind the girl in question and lifted a hand to idly toy with one of her curls. It was such an uncharacteristically flirtatious move on his part that even Hermione seemed surprised. But there could be no mistaking what those three imbeciles had just walked in on."Right," Potter gulped, blushing and looking anywhere but at his professor.Ginny Weasley lifted a delicate eyebrow. "Research, aye?""Indeed," Severus responded, coolly. "And I might add that your brother has his feet all over it." The boy lurched away dramatically at that, his face a study in disgust. Severus smirked. "Now, if you will excuse me, I have some... freshening up... to do before the meeting."...*~*J*~*...Hermione was on the edge of her seat in anticipation. The usual crowd had gradually assembled inside the tiny basement kitchen, all waiting for the Headmaster: Mr. And Mrs. Weasley, Harry, Ginny, Ron, Fred and George, Remus and Tonks, Sirius, Alastor Moody, Kingsley Shacklebolt, Severus and herself. A less specific version of the plan was to be shared with less immediate members of the Order, but this core group was about to hear it all. Or... at least... everything they had so far. If only Dumbledore would hurry up and get here!"Say," said George, over the buzz of happy chatter, "anybody know what this is about?""Yeah," continued Fred, "couldn't have been much less specific, could he?"Hermione was anxious to give them an answer, but Severus squeezed her knee beneath the table and spoke up in her place. "It isn't a pop quiz, Mr. Weasley. No need to seek out answers at the last minute. The Headmaster will be sure to hand them to you as soon as he arrives."Moody squinted his eyes at her professor and Hermione noticed that his magical eye was pointed down through the table, straight at her knee, where Severus's hand still rested. She straightened defensively in her seat."Anyway, it can't be bad news," Remus Lupin chimed in. "He'd have told us individually."Severus snorted and Sirius glared at him. "At least one of us was bound to know ahead of time...""He's late again," Tonks remarked. "Anyone else find that funny? It's like he does it on purpose so there's an audience when he makes his grand entrance. Gives me hope, though. When I make it to the top, I can be late all I want." She winked at Ginny and grabbed Remus's hand.Sirius chuckled at that, slapping Remus on the back. "If you like it on top, I hope you don't mind it when those beneath you come early."Molly Weasley was immediately incensed. Turning from the stove, where she was preparing a tray of biscuits for the oven, she smacked the Marauder over the head with an oven mitt. "Sirius!" she reprimanded. "There are children present!"Sirius snorted. "Hardly," he muttered, before speaking up in a louder tone. "Relax, Molly. I only meant that... Remus is always early for Order meetings. That's all." He spread his arms out as if in proof of his innocence and leered at his closest friend who had turned a painful shade of pink."No worries, Coz," Tonks joked back, "I like a man who doesn't make me wait. Besides, when Remus gets there early, he never leaves until I'm finished."Ginny and Fred simultaneously sprayed hot tea across the table as they burst out laughing mid-sip. Molly, however, was not amused. "Nymphadora! You watch your tongue! The last thing I need is you putting notions in my daughter's head.""Oh, give over, Mum," Fred said.George smirked. "Yeah, she's the least innocent of all of us!""Ickle Ginny could teach Tonks a thing or two.""Shut it!" Ginny threatened, knocking her brothers in the backs of their heads. But Molly wasn't given a chance to respond, as Albus Dumbledore chose that moment to step through the door."Ah," he said happily, seeming surprised to see everyone gathered there, despite having been the one to orchestrate this whole affair. "I see you have all received my messages. And I take it you are eagerly awaiting my explanation." The room quieted as their leader made a slow show of draping his winter cloak across the back of a chair before clearing his throat. "I have called you here to discuss the beginnings of a plan." No one seemed to be breathing and Hermione thought she might explode with anticipation. "When Tom Riddle and his Death Eaters attacked the Minister's mansion on Halloween night, they changed the course of this war. We have always expected to play the defensive position, but that is no longer possible. Soon, the Ministry will be all but controlled by Voldemort, and we will have no ground on which to stand in the battle against him, save those at Hogwarts." He winked at Severus, much to the dark wizard's obvious irritation."Some of you already know that I quite recently realised we would need to put ourselves on the offensive. If we are to win this war, we cannot sit by and allow him to take control of our government. With the Ministry in the palm of his hand, Tom will undoubtedly begin implementation of his plans to change the world as we know it. We cannot let that happen. Unfortunately, we did not have a plan for offensive action, until today. Our numbers are smaller. Our grip on the Ministry, weaker. Our only hope has always revolved around Harry. But," he paused, glancing around his audience with twinkling eyes, "fortunately for us, Miss Granger has had a most brilliant idea. She and Severus and I have spent the morning refining this idea into a plan, and I believe, with the proper tweaking, that we might be looking at Victory." Hermione could feel the eyes of the room upon her. "Miss Granger, perhaps you'd like to explain what we have assembled so far?"Hermione nodded nervously, standing to address the Order. She was so overwhelmed with thought and emotion that she certainly would not have been able to form an intelligible sentence, had she not already prepared what she was going to say. "Well," she began, "it's an idea I've been working toward for some time." She was suddenly assaulted by nerves. Would it all sound ridiculous to them? She met Severus's eye and he nodded imperceptibly, pride and admiration glinting in those dark depths. It was all the support she needed. Severus Snape was not easily impressed, but she had done it. "Actually," she began again, "Harry gave me the idea." The boy in question straightened in his chair, looking confused and a little flustered. "We were talking about... about the first time he saw... You-Know-Who... in the Mirror of Erised. Do you remember?" She didn't want to share the dream without his permission. "The dream you had?" she stared at him pointedly until he nodded his head. When she didn't continue, he shifted his weight in the chair."Right," he said, catching on to her unspoken question. "Well, I dreamt about that night and how I'd seen him first in the Mirror. But it was different. I dreamt that I was looking through his eyes, and what he saw in the Mirror was that I wasn't there anymore.""Right," Hermione nodded. "For those of you who don't know, the Mirror of Erised is Charmed to show the viewer not their own reflection, but their heart's deepest desire. The inscription around the edges actually proclaims this very fact. Written backwards, it reads "I show not thy face, but thy heart's desire." It is supposed, hypothetically, that the happiest man in the world would see his own reflection, exactly as he is..." she trailed off as Severus cleared his throat, smirking knowingly up at her. Her face flushed. "Right. Anyway, as the Mirror already has powerful insight into the desires of the viewer, it was the ideal hiding place for the Philosopher's Stone. Professor Dumbledore hid the Stone inside of it, Charming the Mirror to give the Stone only to those who sought to find it, but not to use it. Quite brilliant, actually." Dumbledore gave a modest nod of his head at the acknowledgement, and she turned back to the crowd."Anyway, my idea..." she let out a breath. "Bear with me. It takes some explaining. You see, I first came across the idea when I read that the Philosopher's Stone is a metaphor describing the process of purifying one's own soul. Well, I think we all know the Prophecy..." she broke off, turning to Dumbledore for confirmation. He nodded, twinkling happily up at her with something akin to pride in his eyes. "Harry is supposed to have some 'power the dark lord knows not.' Many of us have long assumed that this power is Love. After all, the power protecting Harry from harm at Voldemort's hands came from his mother's unconditional love. I believe that love is something Voldemort cannot understand because he has never felt it. But, if he could be made to feel that love... maybe it would destroy the evil inside of him the way light destroys shadows. And if not... well, I'll get to that."I have developed a Charm that allows the caster to fill an inanimate object with emotion so that anyone who touches the object will feel that emotion. The Mirror of Erised is already capable of perceiving a person's deepest desires. So, if we were to Charm it to, say, absorb anyone whose deepest desire was to have Harry out of the way... and say the Mirror happened to be filled with the feeling of Harry's love... Voldemort would have no choice but to confront it. I may be alone in thinking that this experience could change the dark lord's mind... or heart, I suppose... but he will have had the chance. Then, further enchantments could effectively destroy one unwilling or unable to bend to Goodness as opposed to Evil. I rather like the idea of him finding the 'Philosopher's Stone'—in the form of the transforming power of love—in the same place he first sought to find the real thing." She beamed at her audience before realising that she might have gone a bit over their heads with that one, and cleared her throat. "In conclusion, with the right Charms, the Mirror would be able to capture lord Voldemort and either convert him... or kill him."Suddenly at the end of her speech, Hermione blew out a breath and nodded at her audience, glancing at Severus who nodded back at her in approval. The room was silent with the heavy tension of serious thought as the Headmaster stood and beckoned Hermione back into her chair. He seemed remarkably rejuvenated since their meeting this morning; some of the tension in his frame and worry around his eyes having lifted with relief. In fact, the entire room seemed to rest easier, having heard her presentation. Even if they hadn't understood the entire thing, they seemed to take comfort from the restoration of their leader's usual carefree manner. "So you see," he said, winking at her with proud approval before glancing around the room with a confidence they had lacked for quite some time, "At long last, we have the beginnings of a plan."There was a long silence before the twins broke it simultaneously. "Brilliant."Sirius was the next to speak. "So, let me get this straight. Voldemort's going to be sucked up into the Mirror when it realises that what he wants most is to kill Harry, and then he's going to feel love for the first time in his life and suddenly decide that he's been prowling the wrong path, as it were?""Or die, yes," Dumbledore replied with a patient smile."A much more likely solution," Severus said, drily. "Not all of us can have Hermione's wilfully naive worldview." She jabbed him with her elbow at that."Alright," Remus spoke up, "so how do we get the Mirror to Voldemort's lair?""An excellent question," the Headmaster replied cheerfully. "As it happens, we have access to a... key, if you will... that will allow for the sudden delivery of our enchanted Mirror to the dark lord, himself." He winked at Hermione.Tonks spoke up then. "But... how do we know for sure that Voldy's deepest wish is for Harry to die?""I'm glad you asked that, my dear." The old man was twinkling like he hadn't for an age. "That is an obstacle I came to when preparing the Mirror to conceal the Philosopher's Stone. As it happens, a person's desires change with some frequency and are often relevant to the situation at hand. That is why Harry was able to see himself retrieving the Stone in that moment, when his deepest desire was ordinarily of an entirely different nature. In this case, I believe that having Harry there in front of him will make Tom's desire to kill the boy his top priority."Madeye harrumphed at that. "And I suppose this key of yours can transport the boy as well?"For the first time, Dumbledore's face fell a little. "Well, no. But this is only the beginning of a plan. I have all confidence that the rest of the pieces will fall into place as we work toward this eventual goal." The others in the room didn't seem so sure. "It also helps that we have connections within Malfoy Manor, where the dark lord currently resides.""You mean Snape?" said Sirius. "The spy you trust well enough to confide this plan to?"The old man peered over his glasses at his former pupil with a reproachful stare. "We would not have this plan if it were not for Severus," he said, not untruthfully. Severus seemed taken aback to have been given so much credit, but Hermione knew it to be true. None of this ever would have come about without him."Great!" Sirius shouted. "Voldemort probably came up with it!""Actually, I came up with it," Hermione said in an even tone. She let the following silence reflect on the absurdity of Sirius's allegation.Moody gave her an accusing glare. "And you ran right to Voldemort's spy with it, did you?""I confided in the man who has done more for the Order than any of you!" she spat back, suddenly angry."And done more for Voldemort, too," said Sirius. "He's a double agent, Hermione! Both sides believe he's for them, but only one can be right about that! Who's to say we're not wrong? How can you possibly know for sure?! Just because you're...""He saved my life!""Sure! He made it seem that way!""Voldemort was going to kill me. He could have let me die!""It was a ruse! And now you follow him like a loyal bitch and do everything he says!"Severus jumped up at that, drawing his wand on the other wizard. "How dare you!""No!" Hermione cried. Sirius had drawn his wand as well and the two men were practically snarling at one another. "STOP!" She stood from her place at the table and began waving her arms in a frantic attempt to draw their attention. "Stop it this second! You're acting like children!" The two men turned to her at that, indignant at her accusation. "Grow up. Merlin, it's no wonder you never get anything accomplished. This meeting is supposed to be about a plan to destroy Voldemort, and somehow you've managed to turn it into an excuse to demonize the spy. It's ridiculous! Do you have any idea what he goes through just to maintain his position?" She didn't give them a chance to answer. "No! You don't! Neither do I for that matter, but I have been tortured at the hands of Bellatrix Lestrange and it's no picnic.""Hermione," Severus warned."Look, all I'm saying is that it does no good to question him. Professor Dumbledore trusts him and that ought to be good enough for you. Surely you must know he has his reasons; that it's not just some arbitrary gut feeling that leads him to depend so much on his spy. And I have my reasons for trusting him, too. But that's beside the point. This is our plan, whether it falls through or not. It's the best we've got.""Fine," Madeye cut in before Sirius or Severus could speak. "Then let me ask him one more question." All eyes turned to Severus at that and the Slytherin hesitantly nodded. Hermione could see his discomfort, but there was no way he could have declined. "If You-Know-Who does win this war, what will happen to you?" The room held its breath. Hermione knew it was a trap, but Severus seemed to steel his resolve before answering truthfully."I would be given a position of power and honour inferior only to the dark lord, himself."Moody nodded triumphantly and there was an air of uneasiness in the room. "And if he loses?"This time, Severus hesitated longer before reaching into his pocket and withdrawing a tiny, golden key. Reaching across the table, he reluctantly dropped the precious item into the other man's hand. Moody reacted as if someone had smacked him across the face, and both his normal eye and his magical one shot to her. "This is the Charm you created?" Hermione nodded back at him as the others stared on in confusion. "Merlin's beard," he said. "We're going to win this war."...*~*J*~*...
Please Review!!!

:} 

l
lorolalluvia










Chapter 59





Chapter Text
"It's harder than it looks, Hermione. And anyway, why does it have to be my love?""We've been over this Harry. You are the Love to Voldemort's Hate. If you can't manage to chock up the emotion, how the bloody hell do you expect himto?""Quite frankly, I don't. Even Snape said it's much more likely that he'll just die. Can't we leave it at that?"Hermione sighed. "In order for him to die, he still has to feel your love. That's the point, Harry. Don't you remember? 'Either must die at the hand of the other…' and 'he will have power the Dark Lord knows not.'" They had been working on this a mere twenty minutes and already The-Boy-Who-Lived was wanting to give it all up."Alright, alright. But can't it just be my love for Ginny?""No, Harry. Voldemort has never felt love. It has to be love for him, because no one has ever loved him.""What about Bellatrix?""I don't think that's really love, Harry. I'm not sure that woman is capable of the emotion.""Well, you try feeling love for that bastard! The man killed my parents, Hermione, or have you forgotten?"Hermione blew out her breath in frustration. "No, of course not. I'm not saying this is easy, Harry, but I know you can at least pity the man. Draw on that emotion. Pity is akin to love. And don't act like it's impossible. Mahatma Gandhi said 'Whenever you are confronted with an opponent, conquer him with love.' George Orwell said 'We do not merely destroy our enemies, we change them.' Abraham Lincoln said 'Do I not destroy my enemies when I make them my friends?'"She broke off as Ginny snorted, drawing both their heads in the direction of the couch. "Someone's been researching again," she laughed.Hermione rolled her eyes. "Naturally, I took advantage of the Hogwarts library before we left yesterday. And I think it's interesting to note that those men are Muggles. You don't see much philosophy on compassion coming from our Pureblood-run Wizarding World."The others stared at her blankly before Harry spoke up once again. "You don't really expect me to befriend him, do you?"Sighing dramatically, she pinched the bridge of her nose in irritation. "No, Harry. Those are just examples. We've been over this. It's Mental Transmutation. You can will yourself to change your feelings about Lord Voldemort simply by focusing your mind. Let's begin again." She reached across the carpet, where she and Harry were sitting cross-legged, and took hold of the Chosen One's hands. He groaned, but did not otherwise resist. "Now, concentrate on your pity for Voldemort. What a sad existence he must lead, never having felt another person's love…""This isn't working, Hermione!" Harry threw down her hands and folded his arms across his chest. "It's only making me angrier because all I can think about is how he is the reason I hardly knew my own parents' love.""Alright, Harry," she conceded, pulling a hand down her face in frustration, "we'll leave off for now. But please, at least try to get into the right frame of mind for this. It's really important.""I know, I know," he told her, pushing himself to his feet. "Who's up for a game of exploding snap?"Harry was shuffling the cards and Hermione was trying to decide if she wanted to play when Professor Dumbledore appeared in the doorway. "Miss Granger," he said, "If it's alright with your friends, I would appreciate your assistance with a project." Hermione met the eyes of her friends in confusion before nodding to the older man and following him from the room. "I suppose you must be wondering what sort of project I could mean," he continued as they made their way down the hall to the library. "As it was your idea to Charm the Mirror, I thought it would be appropriate for you to help devise the Charmwork we will use."Hermione lit up at that, beaming at her professor as he ushered her into the room. She did not expect to see Severus reading a book in one of the armchairs. He looked up when they entered and smiled at Hermione, a gesture that made her insides grow warm as her chest tightened with emotion. Who ever could have foreseen that their dreaded Potions' Master would one day smile to see her?"Severus," the Headmaster greeted."Albus.""Shall we get started?""Naturally.""Well, then," Dumbledore began as they seated themselves around a small table, "this is going to be a very involved and complex bit of magic. I think it would be best for us to separate the different components into separate spells. Miss Granger, I see I do not need to ask you to write this down."Hermione blushed, looking up from the notebook she had withdrawn to smile sheepishly at her Headmaster. Severus snorted. "No one will ever need to ask that of her. Hermione Granger's knowledge is better documented than the first Wizarding War." He smirked at her and she stuck out her tongue, glaring at him in mock-offense."Good, good," the old man continued. "Well, then... let us lay out the components of our spells. First, we need to give the Mirror the ability to absorb a person. I have already laid the foundations for that, giving it the ability to absorb the Philosopher's Stone. However, a human being is far more complex and fragile than the Stone, so it will need to be amended. Next, we will fill it with the feeling of Harry's love. You have already created that Charm, Miss Granger." He bowed his head in acknowledgement, smiling at her. "Then, we need to give the Mirror the ability to destroy or free a person depending on their reaction to the feeling within the Mirror. Both of the spells we must create are Conditional Charms. They will be complex, but not impossible.""Yes. The more difficult part, as I understand it," said Severus, "will be getting the boy to produce the correct emotion."Dumbledore twinkled down at his spy with a knowing look. "Oh, I have no doubt in Harry's ability to do so. We have only to make him want to try."...*~*J*~*...Lucius and Narcissa seemed determined to hide their recent disagreements from the Potions Master when he came to call. Nevertheless, he could read their agony in the dark circles beneath their eyes and the way their silver hair seemed to be thinning from the stress of their current existence. The fact that Draco did not bother to show up to the luncheon did not go unnoticed by the practised spy. This was a family tested and torn by war. He doubted if any of them were even sure which side they wanted to win. That is, he certainly hoped Narcissa was in earnest about her support for the Order. She had every reason to want to see the Dark Lord fail.It was also painfully obvious that the beautiful pair were avoiding each other's eyes. Severus hoped that this strain that had been ruining their marriage would eventually give them sufficient reason to turn against their Lord. Narcissa had already offered, but he hoped Lucius's allegiance would be switched in a matter of days. The vain man only needed a bit of prodding in the right direction."I wonder," Severus broke the uncomfortable silence as they sipped their tea, "how will the Dark Lord choose to celebrate the coming of the New Year?"Lucius gulped noisily, setting down his dainty tea cup. "Bella has been adamant that we should make plans to rival our recent Halloween celebration, but the Dark Lord was quick to dismiss the idea. We would be doing ourselves a disservice to draw attention to our Cause at this juncture. Soon, the Ministry will be ours, if we are careful. He is wise to avoid drawing the attention of those fools."Severus very nearly breathed a sigh of relief. It would be to their advantage that the Dark Lord was keeping a low profile. If he was so confident in his impending victory, he would never suspect their attack. Now, if only he could persuade Lucius without giving away his hand."And I suppose you will be planning a revel?"Man and wife both stiffened at the mention of Lucius's extravagant parties, but it was the man himself who spoke up in answer to the question. "Naturally," he drawled in a reluctant tone. "It is expected of me.""Then I suppose I will be expected to attend," Severus sighed.Lucius gave him a pitying smirk. "No one will find it suspicious if you slip away early to return to your precious Mudblood. You always have left my parties before the real fun begins.""The real fun?" Severus shook his head. "Your twisted idea of fun, you mean."Lucius did not disagree.It wasn't until Severus was showing himself out of the Manor that he nearly collided with Draco. "Uncle," the boy said, quickly covering his surprise."Draco," Severus replied, continuing to block the boy's path. The arrogant youth seemed to be radiating anger and confusion, but Severus was unsure what he could say to discover the reason for such, himself.Luckily, the boy obliged him by folding his arms across his chest and turning that proud Malfoy chin up in derision. "How's Granger?"Severus wanted to slap the arrogant smirk from the boy's face. "Well, I'm sure. Spending the holidays with Potter."Draco rolled his eyes. "As if you haven't been there with her."Severus scowled, throwing up Silencing Charms around them. "You forget yourself, boy. Keep in mind that such a slip of information into the wrong ears could ruin you, as well."The boy turned a very satisfying shade of white, at that. Then, his expression turned mutinous, as if in defence. "I still can't believe you fell in love with that Mudblood."It was an effort to keep from backhanding the arrogant prat. "Can't you?" Severus said, instead, giving him a knowing look.Draco squirmed under his godfather's hard stare. They both knew the boy was only covering up his own feelings for another rather controversial young woman. For a moment, Severus felt pity for the boy. A relationship between Luna Lovegood and Draco Malfoy would be the scandal of the season. At the moment, it was all but impossible... even if the boy decided that was what he wanted, which seemed at the moment to be the hardest part.When no answer was forthcoming, Severus stepped to one side, gesturing for the boy to pass him by. Draco hesitated only another moment, frowning up at the older man before pushing past him in an angry huff. Severus watched him go, only hoping that the boy would be wise enough to take his meaning to heart.Apparating rather farther away from Grimmauld Place than usual, Severus took the opportunity to enjoy a peaceful walk back to Order Headquarters. It was cold, but the freezing air had no effect on him. For once in his life, he was a happy man. The end was in sight, at last, and he would have Hermione. How had he managed to come by such good fortune? Love in his life had never even been a hope of his; at least, not since Lily's scorn drove him down into the deepest pit of self-loathing and despair this dreadful world had to offer. For years, he had been certain there could be no other woman but she. Oh, how wrong he had been. Hermione was more than just his lover; she was his redemption.Stepping into the entrance hall of 12 Grimmauld was like slipping inside a spider's den, dark and dusty, unfriendly and uncomfortable despite the respite from the cold. He would never feel welcome here. Footsteps alerted him to someone running down the stairs, and he met Ronald Weasley at the bottom. "Oh, it's you," the lad grumbled, clearly disappointed. Severus sneered, making as if to push past the boy, but Mr. Weasley held his ground. There was a sort of determination in his eyes, though he could not seem to lift them to his professor. "I was wondering..." he began, trailing off uncertainly."Yes?" Severus prompted, sneering with impatience.Those light blue eyes darted up to his at that, if only for a moment. Then they sought the floor again as the boy shifted his weight from foot to foot. "I only wanted... that is... do you think I might... could I..." he huffed in frustration, meeting the older man's eyes as if willing him to understand. Severus thought he might, but could not force himself to do this boy the courtesy of making his request any easier to make. "Could I touch it?" he said at last, gesturing vaguely to the pockets of the Potions Master's coat. Alastor had not allowed anyone else to hold Hermione's key, but returned it immediately to its rightful owner. To Severus's mind, it was really none of their business. But the boy seemed so desperate to feel it for himself that the older man relented. Perhaps, if anything, it would help him understand. Reaching into a pocket, he withdrew the tiny golden key that held Hermione's love for him and told himself that nothing could lessen the feeling, even grubby Weasley fingers.The boy's hands were shaking when he reached for the object, and Severus was afraid he might drop the thing. But the moment the key landed in his palm, Weasley's eyes grew wide. He cradled the object with a reverence Severus had never seen from the boy and met his professor's eyes unflinchingly for the first time. The amazement in those bright blue orbs made Severus uncomfortable, but he bit back his angry comments, opting instead to hold out a beckoning hand until the boy returned his prize. Hermione's love poured into his palm, straight to his chest, filling him with warmth that made him forget his anger. For a moment, they only stood there, a strange connection seeming to have been forged between them for the span of time they stared at each other in the hall. Then, Severus broke it by turning his eyes to the staircase behind the boy and willing him to walk away."Thank you," Weasley told him in a bare breath. His voice was neutral, but it seemed strained, as if by some suppressed emotion. Severus only nodded and swept away, shaking off the shivers of human connection that were tingling down his spine....*~*J*~*..."This is ridiculous," Hermione told the dark man as she slipped through his bedroom door late that night."Yes, but nonetheless necessary," he replied.Her bare feet padded softly across the floor as she hurried into his bed. The floor was cold, but Severus was warm and she curled up against him, soaking up the heat that seeped into the blankets all around him. His arms automatically wrapped around her, pulling her farther under the covers and into his embrace. Her teeth chattered through a smile. "I am not ashamed, Severus. Let them all know.""It is not shame that motivates my discretion, Hermione. I am tired of justifying it to them."She hummed thoughtfully at that, tucking her head beneath his chin. "As long as you never feel the need to justify it to yourself."Severus snorted. "Well, of course I've had to justify it to myself. Do you have any idea how difficult it was for me to reconcile my feelings for you with my belief that it was inherently wrong?""Yes, well, you only had to realise that you were wrong about it being wrong.""No easy thing for an old Slytherin to do, I assure you.""Naturally. It's supposed to be uncomfortable. The Muggles call that cognitive dissonance.""Is that so?""Yes, and it's fascinating. Muggle Psychology offers a lot of insight into human behaviour that the Wizarding World has yet to recognise. In fact, that's where I originally found the idea that the Philosopher's Stone was a metaphor.""Ah, what would we do without the Muggles?""What indeed? I wouldn't be here to do anything at all."Severus laughed deep in his throat, kissing her on the forehead. "Thank the Muggles."For a moment, they rested in each other's arms, inhaling the subtle fragrance of their mingling scents. Then, Severus pulled away, meeting her eyes through the darkness. Moonlight glinted in those inky black depths and Hermione was overcome with love. His face came closer until their mouths connected, and they slowly tasted one another, simply enjoying the feeling of their connection. Sweetness soon turned to passion, and they kissed until the heat beneath the blankets was oppressive, and Hermione threw them off. Pushing her lover back against the sheets, she straddled his hips, hunching low to meet his lips with hers again. There, she poured her love into his mouth and he accepted it with such aching tenderness that she thought she might cry, overwhelmed by it all. But she only smiled, laughing happily against his lips before touching her tongue to his. His wandering hands reached beneath her nightshirt, fondling her tender breasts. She moaned, rubbing her pelvis against his in an answering tease.A snap of Severus's fingers and Hermione was naked on top of him. She gasped at the surprise and sudden sensation of chilly winter air against her skin. There was nothing for it but to close the gap between them and press her breasts against his chest. Warmth. That was what their love was. That was what it meant. And the cold was only the absence of that warmth.His hot cock felt so good between her moistening folds and Hermione felt she might be content to rub herself against him for the rest of the night. But the dark man's growls of agonized arousal made her desperate with need. Suddenly frantic, she reached between them, pushing him inside herself and moaning into the cool night air. His heat seemed to melt her into his body as she slowly rocked against him. It made her feel powerful to watch the way he writhed beneath her, clenching the bedsheets in his fists to keep himself under control. She loved the way her teasingly slow caresses made him bite his lip in agony as his eyes rolls back with pleasure.He felt so good inside her, filling the void as only he could fill it. She had a fleeting impression that everything else in the world could dissolve into nothingness, and she would still be whole, as long as he was there. Together, they were all each other needed. Or, so it seemed to her right then.But Severus would not submit to her beautiful torture any longer. Raking his nails down the sides of her back, he gripped her hips and began a rhythm of his own, thrusting up against her so that she cried out in pleasure. The position tended to that aching place inside her where her need for him grew hot as fire. He was stoking the flames with every stroke, pushing her toward complete combustion. She cried out wildly, no longer hearing herself, as he hammered against her from below. If she succumbed, it seemed, surely she would burst into flame. She opened her eyes, realising for the first time that he was watching her, and gave herself over to the fire.Hermione called his name as molten pleasure broke apart within her, pulsing across her flesh and through her veins. He continued to thrust against that sweet spot as she came, causing her to shudder and melt against him, releasing herself against his flesh. A sudden rush of moisture made him cry out as well, stiffening beneath her as pain and ecstasy played out across his face.Their bodies seemed to collapse into each other, relaxing all at once as Hermione crumpled on top of him. She panted hard against his sweating flesh, marvelling at the feeling of complete release. "What just happened?" she asked him."You came," he said simply, sounding amazed."Well I know that," she said, propping herself up on her elbows to roll her eyes at him. "But... I mean..."Severus chuckled. "That," he said, "is completely normal. It happens all the time. In fact, it has happened to you a time or two, so I wonder that you haven't noticed it 'til now.""I've done... that... before?" She was amazed.He merely nodded, smirking up at her. "I'm surprised you haven't already read about that, Hermione. Didn't you know that women can experience different kinds of orgasms?"She shook her head, in awe. "It did feel different. More... thorough, I suppose. I'm completely spent."Severus reached a hand into her curls, toying with them gently as he lifted his head to place a kiss against her forehead. "Then why are you still talking?" he whispered.Hermione narrowed her eyes, scoffing at his insolence before kissing him on the nose. "I've just discovered something new, Severus. Honestly, you sound like you don't know me at all."At that, he rolled them over, pushing her into the mattress before taking his place against her side. "Oh, I know you, alright." He met her mouth with his lips, nibbling the swollen flesh as one dexterous hand slowly inched down her body and between her legs. She moaned when he pushed one finger deep inside her, gasping against his mouth as he added another, but when he began to curve them against the aching wall of her needy flesh she arched off the mattress, whimpering around his tongue.She was at his mercy, grounded by his firm arms, unable to find relief but to submit to him. There was that burning pressure, threatening to tear her apart if she was not careful. Her instinct was to guard against such abandon of control. "Relax," he told her, his fingers deftly twisting deep inside her, making her squirm against desire and her own powerlessness to control it. His fingers withdrew, to her dismay, circling the hidden nub of electric pleasure with hot moisture before returning to the chasm of her need. She arched against his hand as he thrust faster, harder, deeper against her flesh. Every sensation was more intense than the last until it was a wonder she hadn't come. "Don't hold back," he told her, and she finally understood. She was the only barrier to her own liberation. She had to abandon herself before she could be released."Please," she whimpered, unsure if she was speaking to him or to herself."Don't think so much about it, Hermione. Just focus on the feeling. Focus on my voice." His fingers withdrew again, drenching that nub of nerves with slick heat before thrusting into her again. "I want to watch you come against my hand, Hermione," he murmured gently into her ear. For a moment it hit her again how strange it was that he was her professor. But he was so much more than that. And yet, it was Professor Snape's voice in her ear. His as well as Severus's. He was both men; one and the same. Who ever could have known that their professor was capable of this? Of all of this? "I want you to come, so I can taste you. You'll be so wet, I might want to make love to you again. Would you like that?" Her response was probably unintelligible, but he must have known it was in the affirmative. "You little tease, withholding my pleasure from me," he growled.His hand was thrusting almost painfully against her flesh, causing her to arch her back, moaning with the intensity of it all. "You are so wet. So hot. So tight. So... beautiful. I want you, Hermione." At the sound of her name on his deep, velvety voice, Hermione lost all thought, savouring the harmony of the sound inside her soul. And in that moment, she lost herself. Her body tightened, pouring out all of her tension as her breathing hitched. For a long moment, all she knew was a feeling of abandon and the pleasant tightness between her legs. When her muscles relaxed, it was a more thorough relaxation than she could ever remember enjoying. All the worry had been washed right out of her. The arousal, too, she realized when Severus crouched above her, working a sopping hand over his swollen shaft as she sank into the pillows. He spilled himself across her stomach before collapsing by her side. She felt him kiss her shoulder and wondered if this was how he had felt the first time he'd brought her to his bedroom at Hogwarts and fallen straight to sleep as soon as they were done. And that was the last coherent thought she had before sinking into the peaceful quiescence of a dense, deep sleep.And as she slept, Severus Snape stared down at her peaceful face and allowed himself to be overwhelmed by wave upon wave of the most profound, poignant and sincere gratitude....*~*J*~*...
PLEASE REVIEW!

:} llorolalluvia










Chapter 60





Chapter Text
"I've never seen it before," Hermione confessed in an excited whisper as they followed the Headmaster down the hall. She was practically running to keep up with him, and Severus had to hide his amusement at that fact.A sudden thought made him stop, grabbing hold of the girl's shoulder and leaning in to speak secretly into her ear. "Practise your Occlumency, Hermione," he told her. "Albus will want to know what you see in that Mirror. It gives him power over you."The young Gryffindor wrinkled her brow, seeming to laugh at him as she met his eyes in disbelief. "I can't imagine that whatever I see in that Mirror could be anything everyone hasn't already guessed.""Nevertheless," he warned, turning from her to hurry after the Headmaster. Albus had done the same to him, only a few years ago. The memory made his stomach twist anxiously. He was not eager to look into the Mirror of Erised again.The object had been kept in the Underground Chambers since the end of Potter's first year at Hogwarts, when the lucky boy had somehow managed to thwart the Dark Lord for the second time (a task that would have been entirely unnecessary if the fool hadn't followed Quirrell down there to begin with). Retrieving it was quite an adventure. At least Albus had taken the effort of covering the thing with an old cloth. It would have been nearly impossible to move it without risking a glance into those mocking, silvery depths, otherwise.When the Mirror had been safely restored to the Headmaster's office, Albus made a grand show of removing its covering. Too afraid to look at the thing or at Hermione for fear of knowing her reaction, Severus took the opportunity to study the Headmaster. It was not likely that any useful information would slip past the old man's Occlumency shields, but it was worth a try, if nothing else. And anyway, he really had no other place to look.Hermione did not seem to react to the image revealed to her when the cloth dropped away. That almost made Severus more anxious than worrying what the monstrosity would show to him. It would either be the same or different than it had been the last time, and either was too terrifying to consider. So what if his greatest desire was no longer seeing Lily Evans alive and well? Would that mean that he no longer wished she hadn't died? That his guilt over the hand he had had in her murder had been abated by selfish desires? It was terrible to consider. But, perhaps worse than that was the possibility that the image would remain unchanged from the last time. That nothing that had happened had in any way affected him or his life or his nature. That he would forever be nothing more than a fool worshipping a ghost, as he always had. And what would that mean about Hermione? That he had been wrong about his feelings, after all? That he had been deluding himself with a beautiful fantasy? That he had only really succumbed to the temptation of pretty thoughts? And he did not love her, after all?No, it was better he didn't look. He didn't want to know. Not now, when everything seemed to be going so well; when the world seemed to be on their side for once, and Hermione might be his in the end. Maybe when their tentative relationship was somehow more concrete... maybe when it was too late to change his mind... maybe when he no longer was afraid that he was wrong... only then would he look into the Mirror.They had been diagramming Charms for the last two days, and Severus had insisted they make some progress with the actual object before the New Year. Even if Albus insisted that they celebrate with the others tonight, at least he would rest easier knowing that they were well on their way to being ready. It helped to know that the Dark Lord had no extravagant plans for the special day. He could certainly do without another Halloween.As the Headmaster went about removing layers of magic from the last time he had Charmed the enchanted Mirror, Severus could not help but notice that Hermione's eyes were glued to the silvery surface of the deceitful object, basking in the image she had been shown. It made him uncomfortable, like the second favourite in the room. It made him jealous."Well, now," said Albus, stepping away from the Mirror, "obviously we cannot implement your Token of Affection Charm." Hermione had decided on the rather cloying title, but Severus only lifted a lip in disdain and said nothing."Nor will we," the Slytherin felt the need to point out, "until Potter decides he is ready to contribute.""Now Severus," the old man scolded, "I'm sure his part in this is far more difficult than any of us can imagine."Severus only snorted and crossed his arms.Hermione paid the bickering men no heed. "So, what are we going to implement today, Professor?""Ah," Albus lifted a lecturing finger, turning to Hermione with a smile, "I thought we'd begin at the beginning. What say you? Shall we first make the Mirror capable of human absorption?""Surely you cannot mean to test our Charms." Severus felt uneasy at the prospect of experimenting with one of their number. Funny, that never would have occurred to him, before.Albus only chuckled. "I have the utmost confidence in the Charmwork we have devised, Severus. Tom Riddle will be our test subject, have no fear.""I have no fear," Severus spat, defensively."Then you are a fool." The old man turned to Hermione, winking with a twinkle before turning back to the Mirror. "Miss Granger, would you care to do the honours?"Hermione took a hesitant step toward her Headmaster. "If you trust me to...""I have all confidence in your ability, Miss Granger. No need for modesty, here. We are, all of us, quite brilliant."Severus snarled angrily, at that. He could only handle the Headmaster's sparkly, saccharine goodness for a short while at a time."Very well," the girl agreed, a laugh in her voice. She stepped before the Mirror, confronting a vision the men in the room could not see, and laced her wand elegantly through the air, almost singing the incantation. The Charm was sealed with a shimmer of magic, but they had no way of knowing if it had actually worked. No way, that is, besides testing it on one of themselves. Hermione's cinnamon eyes sought his with a gleam of triumph and Severus's stomach flipped, despite himself. "Of course, that's only the ability. Shall we go ahead with the layer of compulsion?" She turned to Albus, youthful eagerness radiating off her slender frame. "Would you rather do that part, Headmaster?""If you don't mind..." the old man answered. "It is all rather exciting, isn't it? Despite my age, I never have gotten tired of speaking new magic for the first time."Severus rolled his eyes. It wasn't as impressive as the man made it out to be. He, himself, had written new spells as a student. "Go on then, Albus. Since you are determined to have us participate in this evening's celebratory activities, I suggest you refrain from wasting any more of our limited time."Albus's eyes reproached him over half-moon spectacles, but Severus only rolled his eyes. This was the most complicated portion of the magic they had devised so far, so he wasn't surprised that the old man wanted to implement it himself. For his part, Severus had no doubt that Hermione would have done a flawless job of it, but he wasn't about to debate that point with the Headmaster.Albus's wand movement was even more ostentatious than Hermione's had been. Severus suppressed several caustic comments about it, preferring to have the job over and done as soon as they could. "Well, now," the old man said, staring into the Mirror with eyes that turned quickly from triumph to grief before blinking into vacant orbs of twinkling blue, "that ought to do it. So far, at least." He gave the glass a couple of knocks, as if he were testing the sturdiness of a carpenter's craft, then turned his obnoxious smile on them. There was an anxious uncertainty about the room, but they had done what they'd come to do. There was nothing else for it but to return to 12 Grimmauld. Molly would have dinner ready soon, and the three were famished from several hours of intensive meditation with the spells. Severus resisted grumbling that he had spent so much energy preparing to use the damn things when his assistance was not, as it turned out, required. After all, time with Hermione was time well spent. He would never complain about that....*~*J*~*...Dinner was nearly as grand as it had been for Christmas. Hermione had no doubt that the first dinner of the New Year, tomorrow night, would be an even bigger affair. Once again, Bill and Fleur were present, and the young Gryffindor wished she could see her parents, too. It was so unfair that they were locked away all alone on this special day. But it wouldn't be for long. An excited grin spread across her face as she covered Severus's hand with hers. Usually, the austere professor only allowed such affection beneath the tablecloth, but he said nothing as she squeezed his fingers with her own. Maintaining the contact meant holding her fork in her left hand, but Severus Snape was well worth the extra effort. Merlin knew he was putting forth one, as well, keeping himself from yanking away from her and leaving the room. She hoped to heaven that all of this would grow easier for him with time.Somehow, the two lovers stood firm through the first long minutes in which a subtle nervousness entered the room. Their clasped hands were the elephant no one wanted to mention, but the chatter did not die and soon the awkwardness was past. It became an accepted part of their dinner together. By not pointing it out, the others had somehow made it unremarkable, and Hermione was almost humming with happiness.After dinner, the celebration moved into the Study, as it often did. Mrs. Weasley's sweets were everywhere and in abundance, but far more exciting to the young students was the prevalence of alcohol. Deciding that there was much to celebrate, that they were not really so young, that it was a safe and protected atmosphere for such things, even Molly Weasley relented and allowed the young ones to partake. All but little Ginny, not that it stopped her from doing it.Hermione attempted to drag her professor to a couch, but he resisted, pulling his hand out of her grasp and giving her a sad smile. "I'm expected elsewhere," he told her, looking toward the door. Her face drooped, but she nodded in understanding. She should be careful, then. A Summons for him was a potential Summons for her.To her surprise, Fred and George Weasley stopped the man on his way from the room, clasping him on the back and telling him to hurry home. "After all," Fred told him, grinning mischievously, "someone's gotta give Hermione her New Year's kiss when the hour strikes...""Yeah," George agreed, "and you won't like it if we do!"The older wizard scowled at the two ginger jokesters and took the opportunity to turn back to Hermione, capturing her mouth right in front of them, as if to lay his claim. But this kiss was more than the simple pecks he had begun to give her in mixed company. He lingered there, with his hands clasped around her upper arms, tasting her softly with parted lips and the subtlest hint of his tongue. "I will be back," he told her in a stern voice before sweeping past the gawking twins. They raised their eyebrows at her, catcalling and jeering while she rolled her eyes and turned away.Harry pressed a glass of champagne into her hand and Hermione smiled at her best friend. Happiness seemed to fill the room and her heart was light with the promise of an approaching end to all the madness that had plagued them for so long. Fred and George skipped over to a corner, procuring a fiddle and harmonica which they proceeded to play with such talent that Hermione's jaw dropped. The tune was an upbeat Irish jig and Mr. Weasley immediately reached for his wife and began to dance. Harry did the same for Ginny, Tonks dragged Remus from the comfort of the couch, and Hermione clapped happily as she watched the merriment unfold. It became obvious, the longer she studied them, that those sly ginger twins had only Charmed the instruments to play. She wasn't sure if she was more or less impressed by that.The joy of the atmosphere was infectious and Hermione found herself reaching for Ron and pulling him into the dancing, too. Laughter and champagne were freely flowing and even Madeye's foot tapped along to the beat of the song. Soon enough, Tonks was dancing with Sirius, Ginny with Ron, Harry with Mrs. Weasley, and Remus was offering Hermione his hand. She accepted gladly, allowing her ex-professor to swing her around to the tune of a happy family. The dance moved faster and faster as she laughed and sweated and stumbled around the room, relief and excitement pulsing in her chest like she was dancing on air.When the song ended and another began, Hermione begged off. Remus filled her glass of champagne as they panted on the sideline, watching their friends enjoy the moment they had been given. For the first time in a long time, they had hope, and it was beautiful to watch them relish it. "I just want you to know," Remus said, "I think you're the best thing that ever happened to Severus. And I honestly think he might be good for you, too."Hermione smiled at the old werewolf with wordless gratitude and threw her arms around his neck. Tears stung behind her eyes, but she pushed them away. It just felt so good to have someone understand. "Thank you, Remus," she said, pulling away from him to look into his eyes. "It hasn't been easy," she admitted.Remus laughed at that. "No, I would imagine not.""But, it's really good to know we're not alone."Her scruffy old professor met her eye, then glanced meaningfully at the rest of the party. "You will never be alone," he told her. "And now, it seems, neither will Severus." They fell silent at that, watching the merrymaking with easy contentment. The champagne only seemed to enhance the happy warmth that had settled in her heart, and Hermione couldn't have wiped the smile from her face if she'd tried.Half an hour remained of the year when the sound of the front door slamming alerted her to Severus's return. Rather than join the party straight away, however, the tired Slytherin swept past the door of the Study, still in his Death Eater robes, and headed toward the stairs. Hermione met Mrs. Weasley's anxious gaze before following after the man....*~*J*~*...The revel at Malfoy Manor had not been half as bad as some of the one's he'd attended in the past, but still it left him tired and anxious and unhappy. He looked forward to the day when he would never have to go to another Malfoy party ever again. Shrugging the heavy Death Eater robes from his shoulders, Severus draped them over the dresser, dropping his mask on top. He did not bother with his other garments. Hermione would expect him downstairs, soon. But first, he needed a moment to gather his strength.He had only just collapsed on the bed when he heard a knock at the door to his room. Rolling his eyes, he called out for her to enter. Couldn't she wait even a minute or two longer? But his complaints died away when he saw the laughter in those cinnamon eyes. She was the medicine for his aches and pains. That smile was all he needed. And when she crawled on top of him without saying a word, Severus couldn't help but laugh with her. "Miss Granger," he teased, "I was under the impression that you had a celebration to attend."She wrinkled her nose down at him, smirking into his eyes. "Well, my date ditched me for some blond man, so I decided to seek comfort with the sexiest wizard in the house."He couldn't help a soft snort of amusement as she leaned over him to place a chaste kiss against his mouth. Somehow, his weariness had all melted away, driven from him like a shadow from the sun. His chest was full of warmth and excitement. It was the tentative thrill of having something so perfect and knowing that it could be taken away at any time. He loved her with the devastation of fragile mortality and the ephemeral beauty of perfection frozen in time.Reaching up, Severus pulled his angel down to him, catching her rosy lips with his own as his fingers coiled in her riotous hair. Nothing and no one could ever take this away from him. She was his and he was hers and that was so beautiful to him that nothing else seemed to matter. But he wanted her fiercely; wanted to feel her skin against his own; wanted to watch her cry out with his name on those swollen lips. He thrust his tongue into her mouth, wanting to claim her as his own; wanting to keep her held in that one frozen moment for all eternity. And when Hermione began to move against him, rocking with passion as his tongue slipped past her lips, Severus knew that he would do anything for her.Hermione moaned into his mouth as Severus's hands gently brushed down the length of her body. Every inch of her was precious and beautiful and his. His fingers slipped under the hem of her jumper to meet hot skin, and his trousers tightened with passion to complement the tenderness he felt. Their tongues tangled and soon Hermione was panting, her face flushed from exertion and arousal. She was undoing his buttons, so he thought it only fair that he remove her jumper. In any case, she certainly seemed to agree. Then she was pushing back the edges of his frock coat and reaching for the buttons of his trousers and Severus couldn't hold himself back any longer. Thrusting one hand down the front of her Muggle jeans, he cupped her sex and she froze in shock and pleasure. When he slipped a finger through her folds, she began to rock against him. Her breathing was shallow and her eyes were intense. Severus thrilled at the rush of power as his heart ached to be bringing her pleasure.Pushing one long finger deep inside of her, Severus growled to see how wet she was. He slipped it out, running slick circles around that little hidden nub before returning with two fingers to her entrance. Hermione gasped aloud, squeezing her eyes shut and whimpering as she bucked against his hand. Nothing could be more beautiful. Severus pulled a bra strap down her arm until her breast was bared and sat up to suck a nipple between his teeth. She was moaning and squirming as he curved his fingers deep inside of her, harder and deeper with every thrust. He knew that she was close. His own arousal was painfully neglected and he had half a mind to throw her onto the bed and fuck her until she screamed loud enough to wake Mrs. Black. But then her breath was hitching, he knew she was about to come, and suddenly there was a knock on the door.She froze and their eyes met as a bucket of ice water seemed to have been dumped across their flesh. "Hermione?" It was the Weasley girl and they slumped in relief. Then Hermione was righting her bra and pulling on her jumper. Severus withdrew his hand and she slipped out of bed to answer the door. He had a bare three seconds to right his own trousers before the door was flung open and light invaded the room. "Sorry," the red-haired girl was saying. She even sounded sincere. "Mum was going to come and find you, but I said I'd do it." Severus was torn between relief and annoyance."That's alright, Ginny," the other girl said. She sounded exasperated and Severus nearly smirked to think how close she had been to coming in her jeans."I could have just made something up," the youngest Weasley seemed to realize. Severus met her eyes and did not bother to conceal his own frustration. Her gaze swept over his disheveled state and she blushed impressively before turning back to Hermione. "Only, I didn't know what to say. It's almost the New Year, so there's no way you'd have gone up to bed, and it would be awful if she came up to see for herself.""No. You were right," Hermione mused, deep in thought. "I… tell her I was trying to get Severus to come back down and that I'll be back in five minutes, with or without him." Miss Weasley nodded and then blushed again as her friend made to close the door. This time, Hermione put up several wards and Silencing Charms before coming back to bed."Five minutes?" Severus repeated, arching an eyebrow at her.Hermione smirked. "She only needs to think that I intend to come back down so soon. She'll start to worry at ten, but she won't make a move until fifteenminutes have passed, if my estimations are correct."Severus grinned up at the little minx. "How devious of you, Miss Granger. Are you certain you are a Gryffindor?"She gave him a mocking sneer and ripped the jumper over her head. "Does that answer your question, Professor?"To his own surprise, he laughed at that and pulled her down beside him as they roughly stripped each other. "Fifteen minutes is still not very long," he mused with a wicked smirk. "I shall have to make quick work of you."Hermione's eyes grew wide and she swatted his arm in indignation. "Quick work…" but he cut off the rest of her thought with his mouth on hers and pushed her to the mattress, slipping a hand between her legs. She moaned at that and eagerly complied, opening her legs for him and rising to his touch. Severus's hard cock was pressed against the hot skin of her thigh, teasing himself with the knowledge of what he would have soon. When he found that sweet spot, she gasped against his mouth and he broke away to stare down at her."You're so wet," he growled into her ear. "So tight and hot and wet." She whimpered with arousal and her eyelashes fluttered open, but he kissed them closed. "I want to feel you come against my hand," he murmured, his voice deep with need, "Hermione.""Oh," she moaned, reaching one hand down to hold his wrist, as if to encourage its endeavors. He slipped his fingers out and found her clit, circling it teasingly with her own wet heat. "Oh, please!" she cried, tightening her grip on his wrist. But he was stronger than her.Severus's mouth found her throat and he gently nipped at the tender flesh there, pushing his fingers back inside of her in a lazy gesture before retreating once again. She bucked against his hand in her frustration. Then, all at once, he caught her lips with his own, thrusting his tongue into her mouth as he thrust his fingers deep inside her. She moaned into his throat before he pulled away. "After you come for me," he told her, his voice deep with danger as his hand worked hard between her legs, "then it will be my turn." She gasped, but whether from her own mounting pleasure or the prospect he suggested, he could not say. "And then I'm going to take you," he told her."Oh, yes!" she cried. "Please, Severus!" He was gratified to see the effect his words were having on her."And I'm not going to be gentle," he growled."Yes! Please, yes! I want you to—to…" And then she was crying out, her body arching off the bed as she clenched down hard around his fingers. Severus growled as liquid gushed across his hand. Her skin was flushed, she was gasping for air and he found it all painfully arousing."Finish your sentence, Hermione."She met his eyes, compelled to obey his command, and though her voice was hoarse and weak, her gaze was resolute. "I want you to fuck me."Severus needed no more encouragement. Climbing on top of her, he turned her over and lifted her onto her knees. When he pushed himself inside of her, they both cried out in ecstasy. He would have been glad for the Silencing Charms she'd used, but honestly, at this point, he didn't give a damn. She was so slick and hot and tight around him and she whimpered so erotically as he drove hard into her. Surely, nothing in the world could feel as wonderful as this. It must have been little more than a minute before he succumbed to his own pleasure and filled her with his seed. There they stayed, gasping into the cooling air for several moments before Severus was able to pull away. Hermione collapsed against the blankets and laughed into a pillow."Merlin," she gasped. "You want me to go down to my friends and act natural after something like that?"Severus chuckled deep in his throat. Stretching out beside her, he draped one lazy leg across her own and nuzzled the back of her neck. "I don't want you to go down there, at all," he told her.Hermione sighed. "Yes, but if the alternative is Molly Weasley bursting in on us…"Severus did not respond, contenting himself with drawing lazy circles on her back. Perhaps, one day, they would be able to be together without worrying what other people thought."Besides," Hermione reasoned, "it's nearly the New Year, and you promised me a kiss.""I did nothing of the sort," he argued, holding back a laugh at her audacity."Well, it was implied, anyway.""Was it?""Mmmhmmm," she hummed through a yawn. "What time is it?"Severus rolled his eyes, Summoning his clothing to him and searching for his wand. A Tempus Charm revealed that it was five minutes to midnight, and Hermione shrieked, scrambling out of bed and dressing herself in record time. Severus did the same, following after her in good humour. He secretly hoped they would all know what she'd done.Molly Weasley met them at the bottom of the stairs and Hermione almost giggled, grinning up at the older woman. "Found him," she said simply, tugging Severus toward the Study. They were all gathered around an old grandfather clock, glasses of champagne in their hands. Arthur Weasley poured two more, handing them to Severus, who then gave one to Hermione.The excitement of the group was almost tangible. A weight seemed to have been lifted, as if the War were already won. He wished it was, but all they needed was a bit more time. Soon, the plan would be ready to implement, and he could live out the rest of his years with Hermione. Yes. A fine idea. She would finish her school and he would leave Hogwarts, maybe start his own Apothecary, or brew potions for commission. He would support her through any career path she might choose, and he would stand by her until the end of his days. Perhaps, if she wanted them, one day, maybe he would even consider the notion... of children... eventually... if she begged him... perhaps it wouldn't be so bad.The group was counting down, now. All together, voices raised in excitement, they were counting down the seconds until the New Year began. Somehow, Severus felt as if they were counting down to a new beginning, to the end of the War, to the start of his future. He pulled Hermione against his side, belatedly noticing that she was watching him intently. He lifted a brow. "What?" he whispered."Three! Two! One!"Her lip turned up in a secret smile as she rose up on tiptoes and planted her mouth against his own. Severus caught her chin, leaning into her embrace and pouring promises into that kiss. This would be a new year for both of them, he vowed. This would be the beginning of their future....*~*J*~*...
I hope you liked it! 

PLEASE REVIEW

!

Your thoughts are always appreciated and enjoyed.


LOVE


:} llorolalluvia










Chapter 61





Chapter Text
Only a few hours had passed in the New Year and Hermione Granger lay awake, her body still thrumming with excitement. After two more hours of drunken celebration, she and Severus had slipped away together. Her professor had fallen straight to sleep after another round of slow love-making, but her own mind was too busy to rest. Lately, it seemed as if they just couldn't get enough of each other. They had finally accepted their relationship and the plans for the War were well underway. It seemed as if everything was falling into place.Hermione stared at their reflection in the mirror on the dresser. Severus's arms were wrapped around her, his dark hair a stark contrast to their glowing, moonlit skin. She thought back to the Mirror of Erised and the vision it had shown her earlier that very day. The War was over and no one had died. They all stood around her, happy and free. The dark lord had been vanquished forever with her plan. And Severus held her for all the world to see. She sighed into the darkness. Perhaps, very soon, they could make that vision a reality.Yawning into the cool night air, Hermione snuggled closer against her lover's sleeping frame. He groaned in his sleep, pulling her tight against him before growing quiet once again. Nothing had ever felt so perfectly right. Who ever could have guessed that they would end up here? Hell, if it hadn't been for Lucius Malfoy, they might have allowed the connection between them to slip away to be buried in the past. Would they have come up with this plan, if that had been the case? Hermione rather doubted it. The thought brought to mind her studies of Chaos Theory. If anything had gone differently, they would have had to devise a different plan to destroy the dark lord. As it was, following the research she had done, this plot they had fit perfectly with everything she'd learned. She was almost afraid of how simple it now seemed.Hermione met her face in the mirror, once again. Lucius Malfoy had wanted to watch them make love, but they hadn't actually been doing much of that. He was the one who pushed them together, and that was because of his wife's cold treatment of him. Of course, Narcissa Malfoy had been keeping her distance as a protest to the change the dark lord had brought about within their family. Her love for her husband and her son was what sparked the series of events leading to Hermione's love for Severus. Hermione smiled into the darkness. Of course, it was far more complicated than that. Every little detail had its effect; her studies among them. Yet still, it seemed so appropriate that this whole plan with the Mirror of Erised had come about as a result of linking two ordinary mirrors together.It was like Mercury, the planet symbolising communication and transportation.A simple Protean Charm forged a connection which might allow for both.Her reflection smiled up at her as she stepped out onto the silvery surface of the Black Lake. It seemed as if the entire Universe were reflected in its sparkling depths. The moon was full, she saw, and quivering as the ripples of her steps passed through it. She craned her neck upward for a better look, but the moon had been replaced with a giant mirror. In it, she could see herself, the goddess of Victory, standing on the frozen surface of the lake. But the lake reflected the moon and the moon reflected the lake, and soon they became a never-ending tunnel of reflection; the illusion of infinity. And Hermione was falling, slipping through the silver glass into the deep waters of the lake. And the reflections of the stars sparkled all around her, dancing as if she floated in the Universe, itself. And they danced nearer and nearer until all of them were mirrors.She was standing in a grand hall, mirrors all around her; Nike painted on the ceiling where the moon should be. But the mirrors all showed different things. Each one was the image of a place where she had been. Each one was a portal to a memory. She ran past them, anxious to know how the Malfoys had managed to infiltrate her entire life, gasping as mirror by mirror, scenes of her past were revealed to her. Panic pounded in her chest as she ran, stopping only when she reached one mirror at the end of the long hall. In it, she could see herself through the darkness. Severus's arms were wrapped around her, his dark hair a stark contrast to their glowing, moonlit skin. She climbed through the mirror and found herself panting in her lover's arms, staring at their unchanging reflection above the dresser, ideas flashing through her mind....*~*J*~*..."It's simple, really. Mirrors make for powerful magical objects. Severus, you told me that, yourself.""He's right in that," the Headmaster agreed. "Mirrors have many uses. They can tell you the truth, and they can deceive. Sometimes, at the very same time. Take telescopes, for instance. Mirrors are used in these brilliant contraptions to allow us to see the planets from very far away, but it is illusion which brings them close enough to see. Conversely, you might think that the abstract designs seen through a kaleidoscope are purely illusory images, but the simple reflection of the little glass beads involves far fewer tricks of the eye than does that most touted of astronomical inventions, the telescope."Severus was giving the old man a most peculiar stare, but Hermione was too excited to give it much thought. "Exactly!" she agreed, happily. "And I already knew that a Protean Charm could allow one mirror to show what another reflected, but that thought got me thinking that perhaps we could use that connection as a sort of tunnel. A sort of in-one-mirror-and-out-the-other kind of thing. That hall at Malfoy Manor, where You-Know-Who has his throne... it's full of mirrors!"Dumbledore gave her a very serious stare at that, and she could see that his mind was working hard. "And are these mirrors large enough to step through?"Hermione nodded her head excitedly. "Many of them, yes!"Severus's head bobbed absently along with hers as he stared down at the surface of the table. "Narcissa could implement the Charm, once we've created it," he murmured, almost to himself.The Headmaster shifted uneasily in his seat. "I am uncertain whether it would be wise to entrust such vital information to the wife of Tom's most prominent follower."The Slytherin spy's head came up at that, locking eyes with his superior in a glare. "Narcissa wants the dark lord gone. She has no desire for the glory he would bring her family, as she has finally realised that it comes at a dreadful price. The woman is a mother first, Albus. She only wants to protect her family. Is it so foreign to you that a Slytherin is also capable of love?""You believe her because it is convenient for you to do so," the old man argued.Severus slammed a fist down on the table. "I am no fool!""You do not think it foolish to entrust our only plan to the Malfoys?""Not 'the Malfoys.' Only Narcissa. She came to me, Albus, with proof that I was unfaithful to the dark lord's Cause. She has not confided in him, or he would have killed me by now, so she came to me on her own. Do you even understand the risk she took in doing that? She is not skilled with Occlumency and she lives beneath the same roof as the dark lord himself.""More reasons not to tell her of our plan.""And who do you expect will have the opportunity to implement our Charm, if not Narcissa?"The Headmaster's brow wrinkled with frustration. "We have not even fully explored this idea, and already you are keen on implementation?""Just think of it, Albus! We could have an army burst through their very walls, surprising them from behind, where they thought they were safe, startling everyone's attention away from the centre of the room, where Hermione would be free to Apparate with the Mirror! The dark lord could be gone before his Death Eaters have had the chance to discern what the hell is going on!""And you would be willing to bet all of that on the loyalty of Lucius Malfoy's wife?""On the love of a mother," Severus corrected, staring into Dumbledore's piercing blue eyes. His meaning wasn't lost on the Headmaster, but the stubborn old man remained hesitant. Severus sighed. "Yes, Albus," he said at last, seeming to steel himself against his instinct to withdraw, "I would bet all of it on that."...*~*J*~*...The next day was their last day at Grimmauld. It would be so strange to return to classes after everything that had happened during the holiday. Could she go back to pretending that she and Severus were not involved? Well, there wasn't really a question. She would simply have to.Hermione rose early, kissing Severus's shoulder before slipping out of bed. Despite herself, she was excited to return to school. The realm of Academia had always been her paradise, and now was no exception. Sure, her mind was occupied with more important things, but school was her escape, as much as Quidditch was for her three best friends. Careless in her excitement, Hermione nearly collided with Mrs. Weasley on the landing of the floor where Ginny's bedroom was. The woman's eyes darted between the room where Hermione ought to have been and the stairs leading up to the Potions Master's chambers. Her shock and concern was so acute that Hermione found it unnerving, but before she could say a word, the door to Ginny's room opened and Harry Potter stepped out into the hall.Ten minutes later found the occupants of 12 Grimmauld clustered in the stairwell as the Weasley matriarch had a yelling match with her only daughter. Hermione tried to break up the excitement, Harry fled with flaming cheeks all the way down the stairs, Mrs. Black was screaming obscenities at the top of her canvas lungs, and the Weasley twins were taking bets on the outcome."...too young!" Mrs. Weasley was saying. Only every other word seemed to make it through the heavy oaken door."Am not! ...only a year...""...quite enough! ...the both of you...!""But, ... love each other!""That's not... can't possibly... too young to understand!""I understand well enough!"Suddenly, Arthur Weasley appeared on the landing and began to push his way through the crowd. He strode confidently toward the screaming voices and knocked on Ginny's bedroom door. "Molly? Is that that you Pumpkin? May I come in?"There was a long pause and the sound of muffled debate before the door swung open. Arthur smiled patiently at his wife and disappeared into the room. The group standing on the stairs took that opportunity to glance around at each other. Embarrassed by her own nosiness, Hermione slipped away, followed by Sirius and Ron. Only the twins remained when the sound of a door being thrown open reached their ears and Molly Weasley's shouting echoed through the halls. Clearly, she was not impressed by the boys' curiosity and soon they were running down the stairs.Ron and Hermione found Harry in the library and closed the door. "Is she alright?" Harry asked, jumping up from the couch."Yeah, she'll be fine," Ron said with a shrug. "Dad's in there with her, now."Harry's face grew pale. "Your dad?" He swallowed, sinking down onto the couch.Ron waved him off. "No worries, mate. Dad's not the one to worry about, but Mum will get over it soon enough. Look at the bright side. At least we go back to school tomorrow. You only have to survive one more night."Harry groaned. "Your parents must hate me.""You kidding?" Ron laughed. "They love you! You're like... their favourite son they never had."The Boy-Who-Lived had to smile at that. "I was. Until they found out I was... you know."Hermione smirked at him. It was so endearing to see the boy's embarrassment, knowing that his girlfriend was the foulest mouth in the entire house. "Don't worry so much, Harry," she said. "How about we practice with the Charm to get your mind off of it?"Harry and Ron both groaned, but Hermione did not relent, and soon they were sitting on the floor with their eyes closed, holding hands and trying to meditate. "Never would have picked her for the hippie type," Ron grumbled."Quiet, Ronald. You need to concentrate.""Right," the redhead complained, "just concentrate real hard and maybe you'll start to love the evilest man who ever lived.""Well that's not all it takes," Hermione hissed. "And it's not impossible. In fact, it's a fairly well-documented psychological phenomenon. I was reading about it just the other day. It has to do with cognitive dissonance.""Cogna whatsonance?" Ron sputtered. She didn't have to open her eyes to know that he was peeking through his ginger lashes."Cognitive dissonance, Ronald. It means that when your expectations and observations clash, you experience discomfort. Different people react different ways to this, but all in order to minimize that discomfort by reconciling expectations and observations in one way or another.""Layman's terms, Hermione," Harry murmured impatiently."Sorry," she sighed. "It's like this, say you have been told all your life that there's no such thing as magic..." she felt Harry's arm jerk at that. "Then, one day, you get your letter from Hogwarts and Professor McGonagall turns up at your door to explain that magic does exist, and to prove it right in front of your eyes. Well, most Muggles will say that it's an illusion; a simple magic trick. Denying the evidence is one way to deal with it. Another is to accept that your previous beliefs were wrong, but that is far more uncomfortable. Humans generally don't like to consider that they have been wrong about something. That's just one example, of course. There are many different forms of this phenomenon.""And which one has to do with loving Voldemort?" Harry asked, his impatience more forceful this time."Right. Sorry. Well, there's another offshoot of this phenomenon called the Ben Franklin Effect. You see, Ben Franklin had a political adversary with whom he wanted to make amends...""Is this a long story?" Ron interrupted in a whine."Would you like the summary, Ronald? I'll just skip to the chase, shall I?" The two boys murmured in agreement with that, so Hermione continued with a sigh. "The basic premise is that once a person has done a favour for his enemy, he feels more positive feelings toward that person and is more likely to do another favour. That has to do with reconciling the dissonance between his opinion of that person and his actions toward him.""Great," Ron interjected. "You want Harry to do Voldemort a favour, is that it?""Of course not, Ronald, I only meant that it can be used as proof that there are ways to change your opinion of someone.""Well, we already know that," Ron spat. "You fell in love with the Greasy Git, after all."Severus's deep voice made them cry out in surprise. "Are you insinuating that the two examples are synonymous?"Their eyes flew open and the two boys immediately threw down Hermione's hands as the Trio turned their bodies to gawk up at the Potions Master. He was leaning against the doorframe, as if he might have been there for a while, and he was smirking down at them. "Snape," Harry greeted with narrowed eyes.Hermione sighed. "Professor Snape, Harry," she mumbled nearly under her breath.Ron leaned back against his hands. "What do you want?" His voice was not nearly as hostile as Harry's though Hermione couldn't imagine why."Nothing at all. Can't a man enjoy the pleasant atmosphere of the library without having his motives called into question?" When the boys made no reply, Severus sighed in exasperation and stepped farther into the room. "I thought... seeing as this is one of the most important parts of the plan... and as Hermione and the Headmaster and I have already managed to implement a majority of the rest... keeping in mind that our triumph in this war would be in my best interests... and considering that practically everyone else has already felt it... I thought, maybe, perhaps, it would be beneficial... for you to hold this." At that, he reached a closed fist across the gap and held it there for Harry to accept. The boy glanced uncertainly at Hermione, who nodded, before opening his palm to receive the tiny object.For a long moment, Harry said nothing. His face showed almost no reaction as he stared down at the golden key resting in his palm. Then he met Hermione's eyes, and she could see the fear warring deep inside him. "'Mione," he whispered, "I'll never be able to feel like this for him."Suddenly, Ginny Weasley appeared in the open door, clutching the arm of her father. Mr. Weasley gently released his daughter, kissing her on the forehead before gesturing her into the room. He smiled to the group at large, nodded at Harry, then left.Harry turned, pink-faced, to his best friend. Try as he might, he couldn't seem to voice the thoughts he was having out loud.Ron just grinned. "I toldja, mate. Dad's nothing to worry about."...*~*J*~*...It was late in the afternoon, and the inhabitants of 12 Grimmauld had just enjoyed a superb meal, courtesy of Molly Weasley, and were now settling into the Study to enjoy their last evening before returning to Hogwarts. Severus Snape was quite content, watching his students set up a game of Exploding Snap—and how they never tired of the game, he couldn't fathom. Even Black was joining in the fun, though Remus and his colourful fiancée were no longer present. Hermione was reading a book, curled up against his side, with her head on his shoulder. Not only did he not mind, but he was not afraid that anyone would object. Molly Weasley's suspicion had been completely transferred from his person and onto the Boy Who Lived. Severus did not envy the boy, but nor did he have any desire to draw that attention back onto himself.As the peaceful sleepiness of afternoon began to seep into the room, Severus turned his attention to the book on his lap. It was a simple Defence Against the Dark Arts text he had brought back from Hogwarts with him. He needed to get back into the correct frame of mind if he was to be teaching imbeciles in just two days. Unfortunately, part of him just didn't want to return to that just yet. "It's our last day, here," he murmured quietly to the girl leaning against his side."I know," she confessed in a mournful whisper. "I'm going to miss spending so much time with you."The admission made Severus's chest swell with happiness and pride. Would he ever get used to the idea that she wanted him back? "It won't be for long," he told her in a gruff voice. "You'll be taking your Newts, soon. And then the War will be over. And you'll be free of this blasted curse. And we can spend all the time you like together."Hermione hesitated, biting her lip before turning her face up to his. The action made his heart begin to pound uncertainly. "That sounds wonderful, Severus," she whispered. "I can't wait to have you to myself." She paused and Severus knew that there was something more she didn't want to say. "But," she smiled sadly, "you know, it doesn't really matter if I'm free or not. I'll be with you."Something wasn't right. This was Hermione Granger. "It doesn't matter if you're free? What are you on about?"Hermione tucked her head nervously against his arm, turning her face down to her lap so that he could not see her eyes. "It's just... I was reading a book the other day that made it sound like... that is... I don't think it's possible to free me.""Not possible? Well, of course it's possible. You sold yourself into this contract, and you can buy your way out of it. What did this book of yours say?"She fidgeted nervously against him, scratching at a loose stitch in the black wool covering his thigh. "It said that... for a slave to buy his or her way out of the contract, he or she... that is... has to pay the original price. So, you see, I can't be freed. But that's alright," she hastened to assure him, sitting up to look into his face.Severus hid his alarm behind a mask of curiosity. "Let me see this book," he told her, barely managing not to choke. Surely, she had to be wrong. There must have been something she hadn't noticed; some loophole she hadn't found. Hermione immediately reached into the backpack that contained the books she had been reading. He found it so charming that she felt the need to carry them around with her, and would have laughed at the image of her keeping the thing long after she'd ceased to be a student, but his concern allowed for no other emotions at present. Handing him the book, Hermione helped him turn to the bookmarked page, and sat back while he read and re-read the passage she had underlined.
The contract may be transferred to another by means of a complex ceremonial procedure (description below). The cost may be determined by the two negotiating parties completely independent of the original payment. However, a slave wishing to purchase his or her freedom must pay the original price.
Was that all there was? Severus scrambled to find another scrap of information in the text. Surely, that could not be all. But he came up empty-handed. Nothing in this heavy tome yielded any relief for the old Potions Master. Perhaps another book would have more information on the subject, he thought. The idea took root in his mind and Severus nearly jumped up from the couch, desperate for some salvation from the truth she had just shared."It really is alright, Severus," she told him, reaching for him as if to pull him back onto the couch."I know it is," he lied, "but I... I want to research it further, nevertheless." He said nothing more, but hurried from the room and out of the house, into the gloomy winter day. From there, he Apparated straight to Hogwarts.No. No it can't be. "No!" Severus slammed his fist down onto the library table he had chosen. It was late and rain pelted the dark windows as he sulked by the light of a lamp. For hours he'd been searching, but every book he'd found so far only confirmed what the first one had said. The only way to free Hermione was to pay the original price. She didn't understand the true horror held in the claws of that terrible truth. No, she would not be able to buy her own freedom. But the prophecy specifically said that she'd be free. That could only mean one thing: in order for them to win, her master would have to die. He would have to die. After all, she could not be a slave if she had no master. And the prophecy had stated that if they won, she would be free.A dangerous thought occurred to him at that. They could abandon this War, sneak away to some foreign land and live out the rest of their days together. Potter and Dumbledore and the Order be damned! They would be together, and that was all that mattered.Except that it wasn't, he realised, his heart sinking painfully in his chest. Hermione would never forgive him for abandoning her Cause and her friends. He would never forgive himself, for that matter. And he would never deserve her if he did not make the right choice, here and now, as she would do. With aching clarity, he understood that this was a burden he would have to shoulder. It was a sacrifice he would have to make. Hermione would be free, but he would not be there to see it.Severus suddenly couldn't stand to be in that castle another minute. He practically flew to the Astronomy Tower, running up the stairs and out into the freezing rain. Every droplet stung the skin of his face like frozen knives, but Severus did not feel the pain. In the wake of this discovery, the world had been turned on its head, once more. Suddenly, every sensation was magnified, burning into his memory as his mind sought to take it all in. The wet metal of the railing clenched in his angry fists was so cold that his fingers were already numb, and his anxious breath formed clouds like the vapour over a caldron as freezing air whipped all around him and rain hammered against his sodden flesh. This was life; something he had always expected to give up for the Cause; something he had pledged as a sacrifice on the altar of his guilt over Lily's demise. It had always been his fate to die at the end of this War. How had he come to think that something might have changed? How could he have allowed himself to believe that it might not be true?Fool! He cursed himself, savouring every sensation as the icy rain seemed to tear at his very soul. These were things he'd never feel again, when the War was over. Heartache crashed over him. He would not live to see the peace! All of those precious aspirations that he'd had for his future with Hermione, every thought of what they'd do after the War, every dream of spending his life with her... his future seemed to flash before his eyes; a future he no longer could have. It had all been nothing more than an illusion; a happy dream! Oh, how he had wanted to believe it!Suddenly, he was climbing atop the rails, pitching his body into the darkness beyond. He flew without seeing, without wondering which way he should go. It mattered not. This was a world he had little time to savour. And he had only just decided that he wanted it at all.The pain was his own clawing desire to stay in this world; to hold onto it as long as he could. Finally, he could feel his own mortality, and what it meant. He would be dead soon. It would all be over. And it had only just begun.Somehow, he ended up at the little playground where Lily Evans once loved to play with her sister. It had been here that Severus had first worked up the nerve to approach the young, Muggle-born witch. He had come here many a time, in the past, when things seemed darkest. But why he'd been drawn to it tonight, he could not say. Perhaps it was the comfort of an old memory, reminding him of his purpose; that path from which he had strayed so far.He found himself walking toward the swings. Memories waited in those cold, metal chains. The feel of the iron between his fingers was like a glimpse into the past. So many times, he had waited here, hoping and praying that Lily would come. And later, he had wept here, begging her ghost for forgiveness, though of course she never answered. Would Hermione weep for him? He knew that she would, and hated that he had condemned her to his own fate. Somehow, he found himself hoping that she didn't waste her life as he had; that she found some way of moving on.Even the thought took the heat out of Severus's anger, dragging him into the seat of the swing as a hand came up to hold his face. Pure, untainted misery clenched at his throat, freezing in his chest, and making him feel hollow and empty and bare. He was nothing, anymore. He would be nothing very soon. He would be gone.His ring grew suddenly warm and Severus was shaken back to reality with a jolt of pain. Hermione couldn't know. He cancelled the Disillusionment Charm on the ring to read her message. Where are you? it read. He almost wept at that, wishing he could tell her that he was in the library, devising some new plan to free her from her bonds.Don't wait for me, he told her, instead. He could not bear to face her now.It was nearly dawn when Severus Snape slipped back into his bedroom at 12 Grimmauld. The girl was there, sleeping in his bed, where she belonged. He almost wanted to leave her there and sneak off to some private place. But the temptation of her nearness made him strip out of his drenched clothes and slide beside her beneath the sheets.Hermione sighed and wriggled closer to him, draping an arm across his waist, and Severus could not resist. Turning onto his side, he wrapped her in his embrace, and buried his nose in her bushy hair. His entire world was right here in his arms, and he was helpless to hold onto it forever.She was so warm, so soft, so different from the anguish of the outside world. It melted his frozen heart as heat seeped back into his death-cold skin. The feeling of having her so close and knowing that it wasn't for much longer was finally too much for the old Slytherin to bear, and Severus held her tight as tears welled up behind his eyes, rolling down his face and slipping into her riotous curls as she slept on, peacefully unaware. Like a sailor lost at sea, he clutched her body to keep afloat of the waves of despair crashing over him one after another."Hmm?" she murmured."Shhhh," he told her, his face contorting with anguish she could not see, and she fell back asleep.The sun began to lighten the sky, waking the world as it had since the beginning of time. And still he held the girl who had taught him to live and silently wept that now he would have to die....*~*J*~*...
Please let me know what you think of this Chapter.

Love

:} llorolalluvia










Chapter 62





Chapter Text
As the hours ticked down to the Welcome Back Feast, Hermione Granger sat by a window in the library, hoping for a chance encounter with Severus Snape. He had slipped out of bed that morning with nothing more than one tender, lingering kiss, and Hermione had rested a little while longer before going downstairs to find that he was already gone. She had known that a return to school meant a return to some level of formality in their relationship, but was surprised at the distance that action had shown. She had expected him to make love to her, especially after missing their last night together at Grimmauld. Something wasn't right.Hermione was one of the first to enter the Great Hall that night, and Severus was not there. She stymied the instinctual flash of panic and told herself that the Defence Instructor had more important things to do in preparation for the coming term. After all, he hadn't exactly been going over lesson plans with her during the break, and she knew he was behind on his brewing.Slowly, the students began to filter into the hall, filling it with chatter she did not hear. Her attention was focused, though not apparently, on the empty chair at the top of the Hall, facing the Slytherin table. She hardly noticed when Harry and Ron slipped into the seats beside her, but she knew it the instant Severus Snape entered the Hall.It was strange. He was back in his teaching robes, glaring out at the student body, as Professor Snape should do. Had she forgotten who he was underneath the tenderness she had come to know? To everyone else in the Hall, he was nothing more than the formidable Slytherin Head, and for a moment Hermione imagined that she'd dreamt the whole thing. But then he met her eye for the briefest of instants, and gave her a look of such commiserate exasperation that all her doubts and fears fled away, and Severus was there.It was late that night, as she lay awake between her scarlet curtains, when Hermione pulled off her golden ring to stare down at it in indecision. Should she send him a message? Ask him about his day? Somehow, she was afraid he would ignore her, or tell her to leave him alone. It didn't make sense. Hadn't they gotten past all of these games? Why was he being so aloof? She hoped that perhaps he was only trying to fit back into his role. After all, he couldn't exactly show affection for her in front of the other students. The Slytherins, especially, would take note and probably report it to their master. Hermione relaxed into the sheets. That must have been it. He just didn't want to give them cause for suspicion.She was about to replace the ring, but it seemed so odd, not telling him 'goodnight.' Suddenly determined, she sent that single word to him, in hopes that he would respond in kind. She waited in the warmth and solitude of her bedchamber, knowing that she wouldn't be able to sleep until he replied....*~*J*~*...Severus was cold and all alone in his bedroom in the dungeons when Hermione's message made his ring glow with warmth. Heat seemed to be the connection between them; the warmth of their affection; the fire of their love. Even their means of communication went a little way to drive the chill out of his soul. He had been so lonely, sleeping without someone beside him for the first time in a while. And despite himself, the little message made his chest warm with happiness. He pondered for a few moments, not sure how to respond, but eventually allowed himself to scribble back the same innocuous message that she had sent to him. She wouldn't respond to that, he knew. And yet, somehow he found himself wishing that she would.For long hours, the Slytherin Head stirred beneath his sheets, unable to rest, before he finally fell asleep....*~*J*~*...Their first Defence lesson of the New Year began as any ordinary lesson might, with Professor Snape sweeping into the classroom dramatically, scowl in place. However, they were soon to see that this would be no ordinary lesson."I trust you are all sufficiently fattened and relaxed from your holiday," the dark professor murmured barely loud enough for them to hear. As usual, the room seemed to strain to pay attention to him, drinking in his words with a mixture of awe and fear. "I suppose the prospect of shooting hexes at members of your least favourite House sounds like just the ticket, to you." There was a murmur of nervous laughter to the affirmative. "But sometimes, in a real war, the enemy is not who you thought it would be." The room grew deadly still. "Sometimes, you find yourself facing your very closest acquaintances, people you have known all your life. Killing an enemy takes skill, but killing a friend takes nerve and determination. I have a little exercise for you that I believe might help you overcome your naive sensibilities."With a terrible sneer, their professor began pairing them up with their closest friends. Harry was put with Ron, Hermione with Neville, Dean with Seamus, Lavender with Parvati, Malfoy with Pansy Parkinson, Crabbe with Goyle, etc. Then, as they stood quivering beside their partner, the Head of Slytherin House turned to them with a vicious expression in his eyes. It was quite clear that he had been looking forward to this."This is going to be quite dangerous. Indeed, if you do not fail, half of you will require medical attention before this class is through. That being said, I believe it would be prudent to undertake this little experiment one pair at a time." He glanced around the room as the students shuffled their feet in anxiety. Some had gone dreadfully pale, while others looked sickly green. Hopefully, Hermione thought, it wouldn't be as bad as he wanted them to think. But she wasn't confident that that was the case. "I am going to teach you a new spell; a spell that slices through the skin. With this spell, nothing but the counter-curse can stop the blood from draining away, leaving your enemy lifeless—or, in this case, your friend." His grin stretched horribly as their eyes grew wide with terror. "The Incantation... is Sectumsempra." Hermione glanced up in time to see Harry grow rigid as his face drained of colour. "Sec-TUM-semp-ra," their professor repeated. The wand is slashed like a sword in the direction of the opponent. The curse follows the direction of the wand. No matter how deep the cut, it can be healed, but any portion of the body that is torn off will never be restored. For this reason, you are to avoid the face at all costs. If anyone so much as scratches their opponent's face, you will wish you'd missed the train back to Hogwarts. Am I understood?" There was a hesitant murmur of assent."Now, before we begin, I have prepared a practise exercise to be sure you know the spell." He waved his hand toward the front of the room and the wall was suddenly covered with pomegranates. Hermione's mouth fell open. She was assaulted with the desire to ask him what spell he had used to pin them in place like that. But now was not the time. She could always ask him later. Suppressing that instinctual need to know the answer as soon as possible, Hermione stepped forward with the others to confront the most pressing challenge. She couldn't believe Severus was actually teaching them that curse. Didn't he realise how dangerous it was in the hands of his Slytherins? She bit back the thought, reprimanding herself for being so prejudiced.The other students began shouting the terrible curse and slashing their wands violently toward the innocent fruit at the front of the room. Severus had slipped off to the side and was busying himself setting up a table with what looked like potions and healing supplies. The very sight made her stomach twist anxiously, which was no doubt his intention. The first student to succeed with the spell was Harry, unsurprisingly. The boy had had that word memorized since he first found the Prince's Potions book. The pomegranates ripped open with a violent spray of blood-red seeds and Hermione flinched at the seeming gore. Sticky red juice was running down the walls before Hermione had the courage to take a turn. It only took two attempts before a slash ripped a seam in the pomegranate wall, spurting red liquid across the floor as the wound in the wall seemed to ooze and bleed. It looked raw and bright and sickeningly beautiful, as if all the rest of its life was being lived all at once before death could overcome it. She shivered with fear at the prospect of the exercise to come.When at last Professor Snape strode again to the front of the room—easily blocking a slice from Neville's wand, much to the boy's complete mortification—the class seemed somehow more anxious than before. A terrible sort of comprehension had settled over them (well, that is, except for a few Slytherins who were giggling at the gory sport). The rest of the group seemed to have noticed the potions their professor had readied, as well, if their nervous glances at the table were any indication."Now then," Professor Snape began, drawing himself to his full height (a needless intimidation tactic, as they were already quite intimidated). "Who should have the honour of going first?" He lifted a lazy finger, as if silently choosing a victim, and the students bowed their heads and tried as hard as they could not to be seen. "Potter! Weasley!" The Slytherins snickered. As if he would have chosen anyone else for the first go. With a jerk of his thumb, the Defence Instructor gestured Hermione's two best friends into the clearing at the front of the room. Bleeding pomegranates still oozed against the wall, making for a gruesome backdrop. "The rules are simple," their professor said. "You will not be allowed to stop until one of you is bleeding. And if I feel that you have been unfairly easy on your opponent," at this, he raised an eyebrow at Harry, "I will punish you accordingly."When their professor stepped aside with a shout of 'Begin!' Harry and Ron stood frozen, staring at each other for a long moment. Clearly, they did not know how to go about beginning. Harry attacked first, but he gave Ron such ample notice of his intent that Severus shouted at him about it. Some of the Slytherins were starting to egg them on, but the Gryffindors remained transfixed, as if in shock. Ron's first attempt was easily blocked, and they began a sort of back and forth dance, easily blocking each other's moves. But the moment relief seemed to fall over their faces in the realisation that this was not so bad, after all, their professor strode forward, shouting, "Stop!" Harry and Ron stared at him in confusion. "This is not the Opera, Potter. We are not pretending to duel. Your assignment was to attack your opponent!" He sneered down at the dark-haired boy, lowering his voice. "What will you do, when the moment comes for you to actually fight someone, and all you want to do is dance?" He turned to Ron with a disdainful expression. "You needn't worry about your friend," he continued to Harry. "I would not risk my career by letting him die. And if I did... his mother has plenty of others."The Slytherins' laughter only made the two Gryffindors bristle even more as they turned back toward each other. Hermione could see that they would much prefer to be aiming at their professor at the moment. However, she was relieved to see that they seemed to be channelling that anger into the assignment, if their sudden passion for the fight was any indication. They duelled like two friends in competition with one another, as two boys might wrestle on the floor. But it was obvious the moment the fight became real. Suddenly, Ron was throwing up shields with increasing frequency, stumbling backwards as his face drained of colour. Harry seemed unstoppable. He was attacking with such anger and ferocity that the students began to back away from him. Ron suddenly stumbled back against the wall, his arms flailing at the loss of balance as a flash of white light and a terrible scream made the class flinch away from the scene. The boy clutched at the front of his robes, whimpering through tears as he sank against the wall. Harry reacted as if someone had taken a fist to his face, reeling backwards away from what he'd done, as his professor swept forward to treat the fallen redhead. Snape kneeled on the floor, pulling back Ron's robes to reveal a long sliver across his chest that was throbbing with bright red blood. Neville fainted. It took all of Hermione's willpower to remain rooted to the spot as Severus chanted the counter-curse, waving his wand across her good friend's flesh. Then he uncorked one tiny bottle and poured what looked like Dittany all over the young boy's wound before handing him another potion that looked like a Blood Replenisher and sending him to the back of the room.The following fights were just as terrible to watch. After Harry's triumph, everyone seemed to understand a bit more just how serious this little game was. Hermione was absolutely horrified that they were even doing it. Surely, this must be against all sorts of rules. Laws, even. But then, Moody's little lesson on the Unforgiveables in their Fourth year had certainly been against the rules, as well. The difference was, no one had written home to their parents about Moody, because everybody loved him.Crabbe and Goyle had the longest fight, as neither of them seemed particularly adept. Lavender and Parvati's fight, however, was vicious and seemed to vent some pent up frustration the two of them had with one another. Hermione was surprised by Draco Malfoy's hesitation, and Severus was certainly not pleased when Pansy beat him.When her own turn came, Hermione faced it with terrible dread. It was clear why she had been placed with Neville, as he was obviously no match for her. Unfortunately, her tender heart would be a weakness in battle. She would be unwilling to harm anyone who did not pose an immediate threat, and she certainly wouldn't be able to fight dirty. Forcing her to attack Neville—possibly the sweetest, most harmless person on the planet—was just plain cruel. As they faced each other, Hermione noticed that her hands were shaking and she couldn't stop picturing the pomegranates that had burst apart at the end of her wand. Could she do that to Neville? Could he do it to her? Their first few rounds of curses and shields were tentative at best, as everyone else's had been. Of course, Severus couldn't be seen to be easy on her. "Come now," he growled, "you can't honestly be having difficulty hitting Longbottom." The Slytherins snickered, and Hermione squared her jaw. The fear in the eyes of the boy before her was making it quite difficult to attack him, but she tried to pretend that he had wronged her in some way. Still, she could not seem to make herself actually hurt him. In the back of her mind, she knew that she could, at any moment, if only she could work up the nerve. But it wasn't there. She had absolutely no motivation for harming him in any way. Briefly, she considered allowing one of Neville's spells to hit her. The pain she could live with, but Severus would never let her live it down. They would probably be forced to redo the exercise until one of them properly won."Stop!" her professor shouted, striding between the fighting pair and turning to glare her down. "Pathetic!" he spat, directing all of his attention onto her and pretending that Neville didn't exist. "You expect me to believe that you can't get a single curse past those lazy, faltering shields? Your tendency for mercy will be the death of you, Granger," he growled. The statement affected her like a slap in the face, and she stepped backwards from him, stung. He seemed surprised to have heard himself say that aloud, as well, but did not recant the horrible declaration in front of his Slytherins. Instead, he sneered wickedly down at her and pointed to the boy behind him. "You're going to have another go, and this time, don't hold back!"Severus swept away from them, and as they readied themselves to begin again, Hermione felt the sudden compulsion of his command. Oh no! she thought. 'Don't hold back,' he had said. Had he meant to command her that way? Surely not. The point of the exercise was for her to learn to fight her friend, but if she were forced to fight him as she would an enemy, something could go seriously wrong. She had to stop this before it started, or else she would not be able to restrain herself from savaging her poor, dear friend. But it was too late. Their duel began.It wasn't as if someone were acting through her. She was doing it herself. It was just that the motivation to attack which had been lacking was now present; not in the form of passion or anger, but pure, objective compulsion. There was nothing she could do to stop herself from attacking him ferociously; her thoughts overwhelmed by the instinct to destroy. This was the way she would attack only the vilest of enemies; only Lord Voldemort, himself. Neville never stood a chance. He threw up shield after shield as the witch advanced on him, slashing her wand viciously through the air first this way and then that, as if she were attempting to gut her good friend with a sword. A few violent slashes were admirably blocked by the rightfully terrified boy as he stumbled frantically away from her, but then a feint on her part wrong-footed him and he was suddenly knocked to the ground, gasping at the ceiling as blood spurted from between his robes. Hermione stopped dead, cold dread pouring down her spine, squeezing her heart so hard she couldn't breathe as the compulsion to fight fled like a memory or a ghost. She didn't have to be a Mediwitch to know that spurting blood meant an artery had been severed and she cried out in horror, her knees giving out as Severus swept to the young boy's side. His quiet chanting stymied the blood flow as she choked, collapsing to the floor and sobbing openly and terribly.The room was deathly quiet, but for the sound of their professor murmuring and her cries, but this was far worse than any of the others had been. Hermione had never understood until this moment just how little power she had under her curse. Her body was not her own. With a sudden throb of clarity, she knew that she would have killed Neville if he had commanded it. She doubled over on the floor, nearly retching with distress. Tears spilled uncontrollably across her face as her breathing hitched and gasped with desperation. Her sobs were harsh, but she was beyond concern that her classmates would see. What manner of dark magic was this curse? She had told Severus that it would be alright if she were never free from it, but now she knew that wasn't true. She could hardly stand another minute in its clutches, a tool for its evil purposes and nothing more. "Class dismissed," she heard Severus saying, and she looked up in time to see Neville's worried face as his professor pushed him in the direction of the door.They must have been alone, for suddenly strong arms were pulling her into his lap, cradling her on the floor of the classroom. "Shhh," he cooed, rocking her as if by some instinct no one could have known that he would have, "forgive me, Hermione. I didn't mean to... I wasn't thinking. I should have been more careful.""I hate this curse!" she cried, weeping into his robes. She had never felt more helpless. "I could have killed him!""It would have been my fault, Hermione. Not yours. I alone am to blame for anything you do under the influence of this curse, do you understand?""But I felt it!" she sobbed. "I was the one attacking him! Like I wanted to! It was me!""Shhh, please, Hermione. Longbottom is fine. None of you were ever in any real danger. It takes serious malicious Intent to do real damage with that spell.""Or a command not to hold anything back!"Severus was quiet for a moment. "Yes, or that. I am so sorry, Hermione. I cannot undo what has been done, but at least there was no lasting damage. Longbottom is fine," he repeated. She could tell that he wanted to make everything better, but he just couldn't do that right now.She shuddered as a heaving sob shook her slender frame and seemed to drain her last reserves. She finally allowed herself to collapse in Severus's arms as one last, lingering tear rolled across her cheek. When she closed her eyes, all she could see was blood. It sent a shiver of revulsion down her spine. "How could you invent such a spell?"The thought was out before she could check herself and Severus went suddenly rigid. He was quiet for a long moment as it dawned on her just what she'd revealed. When he spoke, his tone was even, his emotions concealed. He had disappeared once more behind his mask. "How did you know that?""I..." she fought for some other explanation, but in her mind the truth was singing plain as day. "I..." there was nothing for it but to confess. He would know it one way or another, but honesty was always best, wasn't it? Her voice was a whisper. "I... I have your old Potions book." Well, that was sort of honest, anyway."And how did you know that it was mine?" His anger was simmering right beneath the surface and Hermione was suddenly afraid. She couldn't bring herself to look up at him, for fear of what might be in his eyes."It was your handwriting," she told him, leaving out all of that about his mother and the concerns she'd had about Eileen."I want it back," he told her in a hard voice. "Give it back to me."Hermione was shocked as her body immediately began to obey, pulling itself out of his lap to stand before him. "I don't have it here," she told him in an accusing whisper. How dare he use her curse against her so soon after what she'd done? Was he so selfish? Was he so uncaring as that?"Bring it to dinner tonight," he commanded unapologetically. "I will collect it from you, there." He pulled himself off the floor, dusting off his teaching robes before meeting her eyes with coldness and anger. When he spoke again, his voice was full of spite. "Now, if there is nothing more, I believe you have a class.""I-I'm late," she protested, wishing for once that she could skip class altogether. She wasn't in the right frame of mind to listen to Binns' lecture at the moment.Without so much as a word, Severus strode to his desk, scribbling on a scrap of parchment before stuffing it into her hand. "Go," he told her, and she wanted to scream at him, to fling hexes at him, to curse him with his own invented curse. But she was compelled to obey, and obey she did, stomping from his classroom and all the way to History of Magic. Harry and Ron knew better than to say anything to her, but nothing could stop the affront to her emotions at the sight of Neville's empty chair. Sinking into her own seat, she buried her face in her arms, weeping uncontrollably as the reality of the last hour slowly sank into her soul....*~*J*~*...Draco Malfoy had hidden himself away in an alcove in one of the school's many courtyards. He'd only been back a day and already he felt the need to be alone. For the first time in his life, the other Slytherins were not a comfort to him. They didn't seem to understand. And how could they? He could not confess to them what a terrible holiday he'd had. He could not tell them how miserable having the Dark Lord beneath your roof could be. They would not understand. To them, it had been one of the best Christmases in memory. Their parents had been rewarded greatly for their services and everyone was excited for the new Era that very soon would be ushered in by their own formidable leader. Draco was surely the only one having any doubts.From a young age, Draco's parents had taught him that he was better. His family were practically royalty, and deserved to rule over Muggles in broad daylight. That was the way it had been and that was the way it would be again. He had come to Hogwarts fully expecting his peers to bow to his obvious superiority and treat him like the royalty he ought to be. As a Malfoy—one of the oldest, purest families in Britain, coming over with William the Conqueror, himself—he had always been destined for Slytherin. Only the very best, most ambitious, most proud, and purest of blood were accepted into Slytherin House, but Draco never had any doubt that he would be one of them. What had come as a surprise was that the other Houses didn't seem to realize that Slytherin was the best one. In fact, they tended to think their own was better.His popularity did not nearly live up to his expectations, either. Harry Bloody Potter was responsible for that. If only Saint Potter hadn't been born in the exact same year. From the very start, everyone had admired Potter. At first, it had only been his fame and the power that must have clung to him to be able to banish the most powerful wizard ever to walk the Earth. Dumb luck, Draco had always believed. But then he'd become a Quidditch prodigy as well. Over the years, Potter's popularity had fluctuated quite a bit, but never enough to banish his loyal fans. That sort of loyalty was what Draco had expected for himself. What he got was Crabbe and Goyle.This year had been the first that Draco finally allowed himself to consider those dangerous questions that had tickled his curiosity nearly from the beginning. Why was it that the others seemed to despise Slytherin, if it wasn't for their jealousy, as he had originally thought? And if the entire Wizarding World, besides his own brilliant family and the select few important enough to warrant the Dark Lord's attention, believed that Lord Voldemort was evil... but he knew that, didn't he? There was no question. And would the reward really be worth putting such an evil man in power? Would he even be good enough to make true on his promises to them?The freshly healed wound Pansy had given him in Defence that day stung suddenly. The image of her hateful face as she attacked him was still seared behind his eyelids and he couldn't help wondering if she would hesitate to hurt him like that if the stakes were real. The thought gave him a sense of foreboding and he quickly brushed it away.Just then, a spot of white gold caught Draco Malfoy's eye and he looked up in time to see Lovegood's head bobbing out of sight. She seemed to be headed off toward the Forbidden Forest. His heart leapt up into his throat and he jumped down from his hidden resting place to follow the odd girl. It was her fault he was in such inner turmoil, after all. Things had been so much easier when he'd only had to accept what his father told him. Questioning the man who had always been his role model and the object of his incessant adoration was the most difficult thing he'd ever had to do. But there was no denying that his father looked less invincible as the years wore on, and even he seemed unsure of what would be to come."Lovegood!" Draco called when he was near.She slowly stopped and turned toward him, as if he hadn't caught her off guard at all. How was it that she always managed to do that? "Hello Draco," she said, smiling. There was something so captivating about her smile. She never beamed or grinned, but smiled serenely, never anything less than perfectly sincere. It made him angry."Where do you think you're headed?" he spat."Why, I'm off to the Forest, of course.""The Forest is off limits, Lovegood. That's why they call it 'Forbidden.'"She only smiled at that. "You don't have to come," she said. And then she turned and began to walk away.Draco hesitated for a moment before charging after her. "Hey wait! I can't let you go in there all alone! You're a... girl.""Don't worry. I can protect myself.""There are werewolves in there!""They don't come out in the daytime, silly.""Well what about all the... Snorkle-acks and Whatchamadoozies?""The Crumple-Horned Snorkack is very shy. Besides, it's not aggressive, anyway."Draco did not respond, but nor did he stop following her until they neared the edge of the Forest and he realized she was headed straight to Hagrid's Hut. "You're not going there are you?"Luna didn't stop or turn around. "Are you afraid of Professor Hagrid?""I'm not afraid!"Luna did not respond. Reluctantly, Draco continued after her, even stepping through the oaf's overgrown garden, only to come up short as the slender witch bent over to uncover a large bucket. Heat flooded his face as her short purple coat rode up to reveal the subtle curve of her orange and pink, star spangled, corduroy arse. The ridiculous trousers made him want to scoop her up and squeeze her as tight as he could. It was no use teasing Loony Lovegood, he had learned. She wasn't bothered by a single bit of it.The pail turned out to be full of uncooked meat, and Draco grew wary as he followed the girl toward the Forest, once more. "What's that for?" he asked her."The thestrals, of course."The thestrals? Draco racked his brain, desperate to remember what the thestrals were before he made a fool of himself in front of the odd Ravenclaw. But try as he might, he could not put a picture to the name. And then he remembered. "Those are the invisible ones, aren't they?""They aren't invisible. Only, some people can't see them."Draco started to say that that was precisely what invisible meant, when he realized that obviously Lovegood could see them, and he remained silent. They trekked through the woods for a good ten minutes, and as they walked, Luna began making soft cooing sounds, cupping a hand to her mouth as if to call for someone. The sceptical Slytherin couldn't see how this could possible work, but apparently her efforts were rewarded, because a short ways in she suddenly stopped."There you are," Lovegood sang dreamily, as if talking to a child. Draco hung back as she advanced on some invisible creature. The fact that he couldn't see them made the young Malfoy rather nervous. It was out of his hands, now. It was out of his control. Luna held out a bloody chunk of meat and Draco watched in horror as the leaves on the ground in front of her rustled closer and closer until the meat disappeared before his eyes. She reached for another, holding it out in a different direction, and he had a clear view of the hunk of flesh being taken and slowly devoured by the invisible creature. "People think that thestrals are an omen of death, but that's not true really. They're scavengers, so I guess they do follow death, but they never come before it. That's what hunters are for. Somehow, no one ever thinks of predators as omens. Seems silly, really.""Scavengers are revolting. Practically everything is either a predator or its prey. That's the way of the world. And then you have these nasty beasts that go around hoping to find something already dead.""It's good that we have them, really. Without scavengers, dead things would just stay where they are. The thestrals help to clean it all up, you know. They may look scary, but they're actually quite sweet, once you get to know them."Draco was quiet for a long moment, while Lovegood petted the beasts. Another thought was buzzing in his mind. "I got your stupid present. Don't know what you thought I'd want with a stupid children's toy."Luna didn't look at him, but nor was she avoiding his gaze. She simply was not fazed by his rude manner. "I used to have one, too," she said. "They're very pretty, aren't they? The colours and the patterns... of course, the patterns are just an illusion really. It's just a bunch of beads, you know. They look like they're controlled by magic, but it's only mirrors. Sometimes a reflection can reveal a pattern, and sometimes it's only the reflection that makes it look like one." She shrugged her shoulders, reaching into the bucket once again. "I just like to look at all the pretty colours and wonder which one I would be. If they were all the same, of course, it wouldn't be quite as pretty, would it?" She glanced down at the red meat in her hand, seeming to consider before turning to him with a smile and gesturing him forward.For one long moment, he didn't think he would. But then he realized that he would seem an utter fool if this slender wisp of a girl was braver than he was. Cautiously, nervously, he stepped toward her and accepted the large chunk of meat with a sneer of disgust. Cold juice ran across his fingers and he shivered involuntarily. Extending his arm, slowly but surely, Draco reached into the seemingly empty space before him. But, at the first nudge of the strange creature's nose, he ripped his hand away, as if on instinct, and dropping the meat in the dirt. "It's alright," Lovegood told him, handing him another piece, then reaching for his wrist and wrapping slender fingers gently around it. Steadily, she pulled his arm out straight again, and held it there as hot breath poured across his hand. Draco suppressed a whimper and bit his lip as the cold meat was slowly lifted from his palm.Gasping with relief, he turned to Luna, who still held his hand, and grinned down at her in excitement. She smiled serenely up at him, and then she did the strangest thing. Before he knew what had happened, she had lifted up onto her tiptoes and placed a tender kiss against his mouth. The action so shocked him that something seemed to crack, spilling out all of the emotions that he had so long repressed. When he came to his senses, Luna had released his wrist and was reaching for another chunk of meat. He caught her arm, turning her around to face him. This was not the time for rationality. His mouth was on hers before he could think the better of it, and she gasped happily against his lips. Blood pounded through his entire body and he felt more alive than he had in ages, if ever, as her small hands came up to cup his face and she opened her mouth to suck his lip inside. Draco moaned, pulling her tight against himself and slipping the very tip of his tongue between her teeth. She was so soft and sweet and warm. He had never wanted anything more in his life.Her hair was as soft as he had known it would be, and he didn't even care that they were the getting cold blood from the pail all over each other. Nor did it faze him when the bucket was dumped over at their feet and invisible beasts were eating raw flesh right off their boots. He just held Luna tight and kissed her as he had never kissed anyone before. Somehow, it seemed as if all of his problems and questions were unimportant. Only one thing mattered in the entire world, and she was here, with him, safe inside his arms....*~*J*~*...
I really look forward to hearing your thoughts about this chapter!

LOVE

:} llorolalluvia










Chapter 63





Chapter Text
"You're going to hate me for this, Harry.""That's ridiculous, 'Mione. Just tell me what it is.""I... Well, I... I kind of might have accidentally told Severus about the Prince's potions book.""You what!?""Hermione, how could you?" Ron reached an arm around his best mate, soothing and restraining in one motion."It was an accident!" Briefly, the young witch considered telling her friends who the Prince really was, but it seemed like too much of a trespass, and she'd already done enough to anger Severus today. The git. Hours later, she still could not believe he had ordered her to bring that book to him mere momentsafter hearing her confess how traumatic it was to be the victim of such a curse. Bastard! But she would deal with him later. Right now, she had other obstacles to overcome. "It gets worse," she told them with a heavy sigh. The oblivion of her bed sheets would be a welcome respite when this day was finally done. "He ordered me to give the book to him.""WHAT!?""'Mione!""That bastard!""Great. Now we're going to fail Potions, on top of everything else. This was supposed to be our year.""I know, I know. I'm so sorry, Ron. I'll do anything I can to make things better, but I have to give him that book."Harry's expression was dark. "Not if I hide it from you."A jolt of panic seized Hermione's heart. "Harry, I don't think it would be wise to test this curse. You don't understand how powerful it is. I have to bring that book to him, and I will. If you hide it from me, who knows what will happen! The curse will use whatever means necessary to achieve its ends. Didn't you see what happened today?"Ron's brow furrowed in confusion. "What happened today?""In Defence! Neville! I couldn't make myself attack him, until... it was a complete accident on Severus's part... he didn't mean to command me..."Harry gasped. "Did he!?""Bloody 'ell," Ron murmured. The boys looked stricken for a moment before Harry's eyes grew fiery."That bloody bastard! He could have gotten Neville killed! Merlin's balls, he probably meant to! I knew it! I knew we couldn't trust him...""No! Harry...""All that stuff over Christmas was just an act! The great black bat. Always knew he was a fake. You can't trust a spy. Surprised he didn't take the chance to off me, too!""Harry!" Hermione seized her good friend's shoulders. He had leapt up from the Common Room couch and begun pacing before the fire, drawing far too many eyes and ears for Hermione's comfort. "Harry, it's not like that. It was an accident! He was playing a part, but for the Slytherins. You know they'd go straight to their parents if he started being too easy on me. All he said was 'don't hold back,' and I couldn't help it. I had to do everything in my power to accomplish the task at hand, and you saw what happened to Neville. All I'm saying is, you don't really want to test this curse by hiding that book from me, do you?"Harry's shoulders slumped. "I guess not. But Hermione, why does he want the Prince's book? I mean, how does he even know what it is?" The boy's bright green eyes lit up in thought. "You don't think he knows who the Prince is, do you? He knew about the curse, didn't he? Maybe he knows who invented it."Hermione was torn between telling her friend and keeping Severus's secret. He had never explicitly told her that he didn't want it known, but that did seem to be the case. "Who knows," she sighed. "I'm really sorry, Harry. Please don't make this any more difficult than it has to be. Anyway, I didn't tell him it was yours. I only said I had it."The boy was beginning to sulk again. "Well, maybe it's for the best. I mean, who knew the Prince's curse would be that... awful?" A wry grin teased the corner of Harry's mouth. "I guess he had to be a pretty evil blighter to come up with that, eh?"Ron punched his best friend in the arm. "A wicked brilliant evil blighter. But yeah..."...*~*J*~*..."Could you not have briefed me on this particular experiment beforehand, Severus?""Oh come now, Albus, you never would have agreed to it." He left the rest unsaid, but it was true that he often consulted the adage that 'it is better to beg forgiveness than ask permission,' when it came to Albus Dumbledore."And for good reason. Besides the danger into which you so casually tossed a classfull of young witches and wizards, that awful curse has no business in the hands of my students. Even knowing you as well as I do, Severus, I find it hard to believe that you thought it prudent to teach them such dark magic. Particularly, if I may be so bold, your Seventh Year Slytherins. What on Earth could you have been thinking?""I was thinking that if I had fully comprehended the terror of applied dark magic at their age, I might never have joined the Death Eaters...""You invented the curse, yourself, Severus. Don't think I don't know that. And you were younger than they are at the time, I do believe.""Inventing a curse with imagined consequences is entirely different than using such a curse. You will also remember, I hope, that I never once effectively used my curse against those arrogant prats.""Effectively. Yes.""Albus, you should have seen their eyes. Until now, it has all been make-believe. They had never been forced to actually harm someone, so they had never known just how horrible that feels. It is so easy to imagine that that is what you want, when it is something that you've never done. But once you've watched the fragile shell of the human body burst apart with a wave of your wand, a new appreciation for that power and the responsibility that comes with it is inherent in the lesson. That is what I wanted them to learn. That is why I taught them that spell and had them use it against their friends. With surprising results, I might add. That Lavender Brown is a terror I never could have foreseen."And that brings me to another point. These children might soon be fighting in a war. Now, I have a better idea of their capabilities; weaknesses, strengths; and their passions. They, too, may have learned more about their own limits and potential from this little exercise. No, Albus, I will not apologise."The weary old man sighed. "Nor did I expect you to, Severus. I should have known that appointing you to this post would be an incalculable risk. Do try not to kill them, won't you? I'll have enough on my hands dealing with the angry letters that will surely arrive on the morrow."Severus snorted. "I am sure you will draw from the ample practise that years of having me as a professor at this school has given you in writing letters to angry parents."As Severus departed from the Headmaster's office, he allowed his calm, confident facade to slip. He did not regret that day's little experiment. Indeed, he was happy with the results. His anger toward himself derived from another corner of his mind altogether; a corner labelled 'Hermione.' Her soft accusation, whispered with such awe through her muffled sobs, had sliced right through his shields and into the very truth of the matter. No matter how useful the exercise had been, no matter how detached he had grown from the curse he had invented, it still spoke volumes about his character that he had created it in the first place. It nagged that constant fear in the back of his mind that she would one day realise he was no saint, and that she would not love him anymore.Severus threw his fist against the wall as he swung around a corner. Wouldn't it be better if she didn't love him, anyway? He knew now, as he had known before yet somehow forgotten during all the merrymaking of the Christmas hols, that their future together was limited to the small space of time between now and the upcoming war. Any hope for more than that had been shattered by the cold hammer of reality only a few nights ago. Anyway, at least she would be free of her curse.She would be free of him.A sharp kick of his dragonhide boots sent a suit of armour crashing to the floor in his wake, but Severus did not care. Anything to help him relieve the anger simmering beneath his calm exterior. His head was pounding furiously and his heart seemed wont to swell painfully every time he remembered the horror in her voice. 'How could you invent such a spell?' It was the sound of realisation. Damn her! He had been trying to tell her all along that he was not some hero. The stupid fool had always wanted to believe the best of him, but it was time she understood the worst.Another twinge surged through his heart, like wire wrapping around it as it swelled with sharp emotion. If she was ever going to understand who he really was, she'd have to learn it now. He would not apologise for inventing that spell. He owed her nothing. He would not apologise for commanding her to return his book. It belonged to him and she had been keeping it, knowing it was his. She had been hiding that from him. It felt like a deception.Three Hufflepuff first years broke into a run at the terrible scowl he gave them, but Severus felt no remorse. If anything, a surge of triumph lifted the corner of his mouth as he stepped into that familiar role. Yes. He liked that. He enjoyed scaring the little innocents. That was who he was. Severus Snape, the Greasy Git, the Bat of the Dungeons, the Black Bastard. How dare she fall in love with him, and forget that? She should have known better! Little fool. He should have known better. But he would not forget again.Something in the back of his mind wanted him not to write off the changes in him that she had brought about. Were they not sincere as well? But he shook off the thought as the fragile sort of insubstantial hope with which he was not unfamiliar, and which he despised with the deepest possible contempt. It was nothing a good bottle of Ogden's couldn't kill....*~*J*~*...Hermione Granger glared down at her roast beef and potatoes. The Prince's copy of Advanced Potion Making sat next to her plate, ready to be claimed by the Prince, himself, and the impossible man had yet to make an appearance. If Hermione didn't know better, she might think he wasn't even planning to come to dinner. But that surely couldn't be true. Not after he had ordered her to bring him this very book. Not after he had set his students on each other in a shameless display of his power over them as well as his lack of respect for the rules of the school. No, Severus Snape would not be such a coward. Surely, he would not sit in his rooms, deliberately making her more and more furious by the minute, while students whispered that he had finally been kicked out of Hogwarts for good. That sneaky, selfish, arrogant, stubborn arse!When the pudding was served, Hermione decided that that was it. Throwing down her fork, she yanked up the Prince's book and stomped from the hall. If that silky bastard thought he could just hide away from her, he had another thing coming.Three times she knocked on his heavy office door before it was thrown open from within, nearly crashing into her slender, rigid frame. "What!?" he snapped through a wave of whiskey stench.Hermione reeled backwards in surprise. The deep furrow of his brows and the fire in those deep black eyes made her almost reconsider the wisdom of coming. Almost. Then her reasons began to raise a riot in her mind until her rage was reignited with a passion. "'What?!'" she repeated, indignant. The injustice of it fell over her in waves as anger rose in her chest and magic crackled in the air. "You force me to attack and maim my good and gentle friend with a dark magic curse that you created, command me to return your book to you immediately after I admit that this curse is the worst thing that ever happened to me, and then don't even show up to dinner where YOU EXPECTED ME TO RETURN IT TO YOU, and YET when I show up at your door to give the damn thing back to you and ask you what the hell is going on, you have the audacity to say 'WHAT?!'"The answering snarl came from the Death Eater before her, not the man she loved. He had risen to his full height, glaring down at her with such loathing that she thought she might melt into the floor, and stood rigid with the energy of a snake poised to strike. "Get in!" he commanded in a nasty tone. He was every inch the evil sorcerer preparing to discipline a rebellious slave. That thought made her freeze with undiluted horror, not at the threat of painful punishment to come, but at the instinctual flash of fear that this was who he really was.Had she not been compelled by the curse, the man would have had to force her through the door. As it was, she had no control. She couldn't but obey. The heavy door slammed behind her and bony fingers bit into her upper arm as he dragged her through his office to his chamber door. Only once he had gotten her through that door, stumbling with drunken disgrace, and thrown her down onto the living room couch did Hermione realise she'd been holding her breath."You imbecile!" he spat with such anger that Hermione flinched back against the couch. One hand went instinctively for her wand while a knee jerked up to separate her from the apparent attacker. "Shouting at me like that in Slytherin domain! Have you gone daft!? Have you taken complete leave of your senses!?"Oh. The dangerousness of her outburst knocked the wind right out of her. If anyone had heard... but then, Severus's response would dispel any suspicion... hell, even she had had her doubts. Relief swept over her like a breeze in summer. It had been an act. Well, of course it had! Didn't she know him at all? Hermione felt suddenly quite foolish for reacting so strongly, and even more so when she noticed her wand pointed directly at him.He noticed it, too. "Raising a wand against me?" he murmured in his softest, most dangerous tone. At first, she thought he was hurt by the gesture, but then a wicked smirk spread across his face and he stared down at her with bitter malice. "Your wand is powerless against me, Hermione." The cruelty of that statement twisted in her heart like a barbed wire snake.It made her want to prove him wrong.Leaping up from the couch, she slashed her wand across the space between them, shouting "Expelliarmus!" It was the first spell that came to mind. But nothing happened. The magic died in the air around them, barely lifting the strands of his hair. She choked on a sudden sob and sank onto the floor before the couch. It was true."Oh, stop blubbering!" he shouted. She was almost certain that the command was unintentional, but it stung her all the same. "There's nothing I can say to make it better. In case you hadn't noticed, I'm not exactly the comforting sort! If you want that, you'll have to go to Potter or Weasley or that bloody, mangy dog!" He stumbled to the sideboard and yanked up a bottle of Ogden's Old, tossing it back and drinking deep for several seconds. Hermione leapt up again, afraid that he would drink enough to hurt himself. She'd never seen anyone drink whiskey quite so fast. But before she could stop him, he slammed the bottle back down on the counter with a gasp. "You'll probably end up with one of them, anyway," he murmured, almost too low for her to hear. But hear she did."What the hell is that supposed to mean?"He seemed to debate with himself before turning to meet her eye. "Oh, come on, Hermione. I'm not your Prince Charming. I've never been the Heracles. You used to know that, don't you remember? I'm Hades!" He laughed bitterly into the silent room. Hermione didn't know what had triggered these feelings in him, but it needed to stop."You never asked me about that before." She accused, folding her arms. "You don't know why I think you're Hades.""I know more than you realise, Hermione," he told her, all seriousness again. "I know that you imagined yourself as Persephone, stolen away by the evil lord of the Underworld. Yes, and I remember telling you that everyone would place you in the role of the victim. You were supposed to be the one who remembered that all of this is your fault!""I know it's all my fault!" she argued. "I have never blamed you!""Well maybe you should!""What?!""Maybe it's time you finally open your eyes, Hermione, and realise that I'm not the man you think I am! I can't live up to your expectations! I'm no hero! I'm a monster so twisted and rotted inside that I invented a curse at the age of 16! You think you know me, but if you really did, that would not have been a surprise. Don't you understand how much hate and anger it takes to join a group like the Death Eaters? Do you know how lonely and helpless you have to feel? And what do you think I did when I was with them? We went to the clubhouse on Friday nights and made up secret passwords? We killed people, Hermione! I murdered people!"He stared at her for one long moment, but she had no response to give. A thousand thoughts were flying through her mind, but none of them good enough to voice aloud. Suddenly, he swung around and yanked up the whiskey bottle, bringing it halfway to his mouth before changing his mind. Instead, he glared at it, his fingers growing even whiter than was natural around the neck, and it burst apart, shooting shards in every direction. Hermione leapt into a wingback chair, using its back as a shield. If any of the flying glass caught her skin, she did not feel it. Terror was pounding in her veins. She had no control and she didn't understand what had set the man off. Could he really be so upset about the Prince's book? If so, why had he yet to inquire after it?There was a loud schlump and Hermione peeked around the back of the chair to see that Severus had sunk against the wall and was holding a limp hand against his midsection. A surge of panic had her by his side in an instant, pulling his hand away from the obvious wound. He fought against her attempts to uncover the injury. "No. It's nothing, H'mione. T's nothing.""It most certainly is not 'nothing,'" she argued, pulling his hand out of the way. Blood snaked across it in several jagged lines, but more concerning was the bright red staining his pristine white shirt. "Merlin, Severus!""Oh, what does it matter!?" he snapped. "I'll be dead soon enough.""Don't say that!" she hissed. She hated when he talked about his probable, quickly approaching death. It was exactly that sort of attitude that just might get him killed."It shouldn't matter to you! It shouldn't bloody matter to you.""Well, it does." She ripped open his bloody shirt, only to find that his skin was unmarred. The blood had clearly come from his hand. She sighed with relief and sat back on her heels."You think you know me, but you don't. I don't deserve any of this! I don't deserve you!""It's not a matter of deserving!" she snapped back. "I'm not just a thing that you own!" The irony of that statement hit her in a strange light and she found herself laughing bitterly as she reached for his injured hand "Although, I suppose that is technically the case." She turned her attention to cleansing and mending the skin he had broken. He fell quiet. "I don't care for you because you're brilliant or because I love to spend time with you, or even because you're a hero, which I do believe is true. I don't even care for you because you care for me—and don't deny it, I know you do." She looked up in time to see his dark, focused gaze switch up from her efforts to heal his hand to catch her eye. "That's not what love is, Severus."His eyes grew wide at that word and Hermione realised that she had never actually used the term to describe her feelings, yet. It wasn't that she hadn't meant to, but that she was afraid of how he would react. Now, it seemed she was about to find out. Severus jerked his now-healed hand out of her grasp and scrambled to his feet, leaning against the counter to keep from toppling over again. His eyes held such alarm that she knew her slip of tongue would only make things worse."You don't know what you're saying," he told her in a soft tone."Of course I do.""No," he told her, trying to step around her. She tried to block him by stepping in his path, but he only pushed past her. "No, Hermione! You don't know... you don't know what you're saying. You can't know. You can't love someone you don't know!""You are being completely ridiculous! You know how I feel for you! You've felt it, yourself!""You only feel that way because you don't know!""Don't know WHAT!?" Hermione finally screamed, pulling at the ends of her hair in her frustration. "What is it that I don't know!?""That I am the reason that everything happened!" he shouted back, grabbing her upper arms and leaning over her in drunkenness and rage. "I am the one who told the dark lord of the Prophecy! It's my fault Lily died! I did that!"Hermione's heart dropped deep into her stomach. No. Can it be true? She couldn't seem to voice a response. Then, he let go of her and began to turn away.She shook her head. "You... you must not have... you couldn't have known..."He spun around to face her. "I didn't give a bloody fuck who the infant would be! I didn't give it a second bloody thought! That it turned out to be the child of the only person I'd ever really loved was the ultimate punishment for my long-unpaid-for sins." Once again, Hermione found herself wondering if she would ever live up to the idol that Lily Evans had become. "And even then, I begged my Master to let the boy's mother live. I didn't care if her husband and son were murdered in cold blood. That didn't matter to me. All that mattered was that Lily Potter wasn't killed. I betrayed my Master. I went behind his back. I plotted with the enemy!" His words sent a shiver down her spine. "And none of it changed anything! He killed her anyway!""You did everything you could, Severus." Even to her own ears, Hermione's voice was weak and uncertain."Stop it! I am finished with your pathetic attempts to assuage me! You cannot excuse my actions. You cannot explain everything away. There comes a point when a person is just bad, and it's time you realised that I am one of them. A Death Eater, Hermione! I have been nearly all my life!""'There is no line between good and evil!' You said that, don't you remember? You can't be one or the other because they are opposite poles of the same exact thing. You may not be Mother Theresa, but you're also not... You-Know-Who. And you are fighting to end this war and destroy that evil, despite what you may have done in the past...""Nothing I do now will ever make up for what I have done!""You can't look at it like that! No, you can't change the past. And I'm sorry about that! I'm sorry that horrible things happen and I'm sorry you have regrets and I'm sorry that Lily Potter died! I'm not sorry that I'm not her, but I am sorry if she's the one you really want, after all this time." His eyes jumped to hers at that, and he shook his head, but she cut him off. "I can't give you anything more than what I have, Severus. But I love you. I love you, exactly as you are, despite your past and despite the complete arse you can occasionally be in the present. Unconditionally, Severus—that means no matter what—I want to be part of your future."He seemed to be shrinking away from her, debating with himself and afraid of either choice. But there was no denying that a choice needed to be made. He could push her away, or he could accept what she wanted to give him and allow her back into his life. It shouldn't have been such a constant struggle to remain there, but Hermione was determined to get to the root of the problem and weed it out. They had done a lot of that tonight, dispelling the lies that lingered between them. Now, he knew about the Prince's book, and she knew about the Prophecy. Was it painful to know that terrible truth? Certainly. If Harry ever found out, he would hate Severus for the rest of his life. But Hermione knew human error when she saw it, and Severus's regret was more apparent than his hate for Sirius Black, which was obviously saying something."Please, Severus," she found herself saying. "Don't pull away from me. I just want to be with you. I just want to love you." She reached a hand out into the space between them, begging him to take it with her eyes. "Please, Severus," she pleaded—this was a man worth pleading for—"Just let me love you."...*~*J*~*...They seemed to be floating in some sort of sea. Strangers and friends alike were all around him, bobbing up and down as waves rippled from every direction. They were all different colours; the people. Not their skin, exactly, but more their clothes, their hair, the air around them. And the water. The water around each one was soaked with color, just like ink. The ripples pulled and pushed at those colours, swirling them together, but never blending them entirely. Ink seemed to bleed from their very bodies, pulsing all around them like something alive. Draco looked down to see that his colour was grey, and was dismayed. He didn't want to be grey. Then, light and warmth caught his eye and he looked up to see Luna dancing near. She was silver as the moon and just as brightly glowing. She was beautiful.Suddenly, a shadow seemed to fall over them all, and he turned to see the horrible form of the dark lord descending on the water. Fear twisted in his gut. Luna shouldn't be here. Where the dark lord touched the water, inky black began to spread, drowning out the other colours, and Draco tried to run, but could only manage hopeless splashing. He screamed at Luna to escape, but she only danced, glowing beautifully, peacefully unaware. Dark tendrils of inky black were reaching for them through the crowd, smothering the flow of other colours to sad pulses that quickly died away. They began to curl around him, to Draco's horror, and his grey grew darker and darker before his eyes. He looked for Luna, terrified that she would be drowned out by this horrible blackness, but she was there, glowing bright as ever as the black swept around her and away. The pulsing pool of silver around her glowed like the moon on a starless night, and he stepped toward her, drawn to her immunity from the dark. But he stopped short. What if his corrupted grey polluted her perfect silver? He couldn't allow that to happen. Terrible sadness began to overwhelm him as he glanced down to see the weak pulses of grey bleeding from his body to dye in the blackness of the water. Soon enough, he would be washed away.Then, silver tendrils as delicate as Luna's hair were reaching for him, entwining with the feeble strands of grey and pulling them from him against the current of the black. He looked up to see her stepping toward him, reaching for him, cupping his face in her hands. And silver and grey pulsed proud and strong as their lips connected and they became one. Nothing could tear them apart, now. He would be with her always, sure as a shadow on the surface of the moon....*~*J*~*...
I always love to hear what you think of my story!

:} llorolalluvia










Chapter 64





Chapter Text
"I'm still going to be mean to the Hufflepuffs.""I know.""This doesn't mean that I'm suddenly going to be nice to people.""Of course not."They were reclining in Severus's bed, having woken up together but not yet wanting to start the day. If they didn't get up soon, they would miss out on breakfast altogether, but Hermione didn't mind. Severus must not have either, for he hadn't said a word. "I'm a bastard," he informed her. "I've always been a bastard, and I always will be.""You're a right arse, yeah."He hesitated. "Well, as long as you understand.""I wouldn't have you any other way." As if to prove her point, Hermione cut off the rest of his rant with her mouth, turning to drape a leg across his waist and catching his chin with her fingers to hold him in place."Mmmmm," he moaned against her mouth. One hand landed on the curve of her waist, clutching her absently as her tongue darted out to tease his lips.Hermione straddled her lover's lap, wrapping her fingers in his ebony hair. She broke away from his mouth to stare down at him. "You're beautiful," she murmured. "Have I told you that?" To her immense satisfaction, Severus actually blushed."Beautiful?" His voice was incredulous, but his smirk spoke of flattery."Yes," she declared, pressing her lips against his once more before trailing them down his jaw and suckling at his neck. "And you're all mine."Severus moaned as she dipped lower to nip at his shoulder, slowly tasting his skin with her tongue. She slid backwards on the mattress to kiss him square in the center of his chest, letting the fine black hair tickle her nose as she did so, and smiling against his flesh. Those tiny, dark nipples stood at attention when she took one in her mouth. And so did the cock between her legs. Given the opportunity, Hermione slowly enjoyed her perusal of his person, luxuriating in his subtle responses to her touch. She slipped farther down his torso to softly trace his many faded scars with the tip of her tongue. "Yes," he hissed, "I am all yours." Her naked breasts were pressed against his thighs, and his stiff erection pressed hard between the two. "We're going to miss breakfast," he gasped."Yes," she agreed. "We are."Hermione took the head of his cock into her mouth, gently sucking on it and swirling her tongue around it as Severus began to pant. His eyes were closed and his lips were parted and a thrill went through her just knowing how much he was enjoying this. She loved him. She simply love him, and she had never been happier in her life.Last night had been difficult for them. The damn, stubborn man seemed keen on giving her trouble at every turn. Why couldn't he just accept that she loved him and be done with it? She would never understand. But, for the moment, everything was alright again. She slid her mouth farther down his cock, taking as much of him in as she could. It was difficult to do in this position, but his coarse groan of pleasure was worth the pains she took. "Gods, Hermione. That feels incredible.""Just wait," she told him, coming up for air. "I'm not done with you."Severus groaned. "Come here," he commanded. She immediately complied, straddling his lap to be as close to him as possible. "I want to feel your body against mine.""Now what?" she teased, rubbing her naked sex against his stiff erection. Severus moaned and caught her mouth, wrapping his arms around her and holding her tight."Now you make love to me," he informed her. "And be quick about it. We have class in an hour."Hermione smirked. "I think I can manage."Their bodies connected like pieces of a puzzle and both of them groaned aloud. Was there a pleasure in Heaven or Earth greater than this? Hermione could not imagine herself with any other man. Severus was hers, and she was his. And they would be together for eternity… or as much of that as Time allowed. She rocked against him with a passion, latching to his mouth with hers in soft synchronization. His hands roaming across her skin were the spark to the fire within her. Nothing had ever felt so perfect.Afterwards, they panted beside each other; Hermione's arm draped across Severus's waist. "I think I'll have you after class, as well," she told him."Do you now?" he laughed. It was a joyful sound. Idly, he toyed with the chain around her neck; the silver symbol of Infinity that he had given her for Christmas. "It's Charmed, you know," he murmured softly, as if afraid to hear the confession voiced aloud."I had an idea, yeah," she smirked. "Silver doesn't move like that on its own." It was true. The charm was Charmed so that the metal seemed to flow in a steady figure eight, on and on for eternity."I mean… I Charmed it, myself." He cleared his throat. "It will continue on its course even after I die."Something about that pronouncement unnerved Hermione. It was as if his death were secured for the very near future. Yes, he had reason to believe that might be true, but she remained an optimist. He couldn't die. He just couldn't. After all, she wasn't going to let him. "It really is a perfect gift," she said, instead. "Thank you, Severus." She leaned up to plant a kiss across his lips before sinking against his side, her breasts squashed between the two of them. Idly, his fingers twisted in her hair. She laughed. "You know, you're such a sentimental man, for all the fuss you make about emotions. I admit, I simply cannot imagine how you ever joined the Death Eaters."There was an awkward silence while Severus rubbed her upper arm. She almost wanted to take it back, but felt that the words needed to be said. This was a topic they had kept off limits for so long, but it had festered and grown angry with neglect. "You know," he sighed, "it wasn't as if I went to the Death Eaters knowing what they would be one day. Back then, they were just an organisation with a vision that made sense to me."Hermione froze. Was he really going to talk about this? "What sort of vision?" she asked."Well," he began, almost hesitantly, "they believed that witches and wizards shouldn't have to hide from Muggles, first of all. Of course, they also believed that we should rule over the Muggles, but that made perfect sense to a youth with newly acquired magical skills and an abusive Muggle father he'd like nothing better than to boss around. But it was more than that…" he paused, deep in thought. "I have often asked myself how it was that I committed such terrible crimes…" His voice was hesitant and insecure, but Hermione squeezed him tight and snuggled closer, encouraging him to continue. "We killed innocents," he whispered, seeming unable to believe it, himself. "In hindsight, it is terrible to recollect, but at the time, we truly believed that the ends would justify the means. Such is the danger of that perspective. We had been taught that the rights of the individual were arbitrary when faced with the future of the whole. Each of us was prepared to die for our beliefs, and we are not alone. It is a common trend with cults to stress the importance of the community over the individual, but that is a dangerous road. All change surfaces in the mind of the individual. After all, flocks of sheep are wont to follow the shepherd. When an ideology is willing to sacrifice the rebels, that usually means that its tenants cannot withstand controversy, which is a clear sign that there is a flaw in the logic, and probably the entire belief system… I believe I was making a point with this…""Er, you became a Death Eater because you believed they had a vision worth fighting for?""Yes. Indeed. I believed the sacrifice of a few lambs was a necessary payment for the dawn of a new era; an era when magical people-such as my mother, who was oppressed by her husband, specifically because of her magical ability-would be free to use their gifts without fear of persecution from the Muggle masses. It took the sacrifice of someone close to me to realise that the individual is not a bargaining chip, and one woman can be worth more than the whole of an ideology."Hermione was breathless. "You really loved her."Severus squeezed her shoulder. "She was an incredible woman. I daresay you would have loved her, too."Twinges of jealousy ran up and down her spine. It was in these moments that she felt most insecure; like the temporary substitute for an original that had been destroyed. She tried to relax in his arms, but couldn't help the tension coiling in her limbs. Some instinct made her feel unwelcome in his bed when he spoke of her, though she dared not voice the sentiment.Severus rubbed her upper arm. "We had better prepare for the day. Classes will start soon, and we cannot be late.""Yes," she agreed. "They will have noticed that we were both absent from breakfast. Should I act like I've been punished?""A good plan. We wouldn't want my Slytherins to think you're starting to enjoy it.""No, no. Of course not." Hermione smirked up at him, hating that half of the sentiment was forced. Would she ever get over Lily Potter?Would he?…*~*J*~*…The Three Bloody Cheerful Musketeers were already present when Draco arrived for their first Occlumency lesson of the New Year. He scowled at them and chose a place far out of their reach, hoping to ward off the Gryffindorness that seemed to emanate from their combined good will. He wanted to retch. How could anyone be so bloody pleasant all the time? Hadn't they taken a good look at the world? Didn't they see that it wasn't all sunshine and rainbows? For Merlin's sake, couldn't their smiles just fuck off? He didn't want to deal with this right now.Soon after his arrival, cheerful Gryffindor number four burst through the door. Ginevra Weasley. The only female of her brood, she was worth double the total of all her brothers combined. If Draco had had a preference for redheads, she would have been the ticket.But her impulse to jump into Potter's lap and immediately begin to snog him certainly made Draco reconsider. His back tensed instinctively, and he turned the other cheek, pretending to ignore their unabashed passion. Merlin's balls! Didn't Gryffindors know how to be subtle? He would never kiss Luna like that in front of anyone! But obviously he had just been brought up better than they had.When Severus came in, Granger had eyes only for him. He made a point of kissing her on the mouth, which immediately piqued Draco's Slytherin suspicion. What was he trying to prove? His godfather wouldn't express such sentimentality just for the hell of it. There must have been some ulterior motive at hand.He met eyes with Weasley. Both of them wore expressions of such nonplussed irritation that Draco almost laughed. He'd never shared anything more than oxygen with the youngest Weasley scum… but it seemed they were in the same boat. What? Was it the full moon or something?Luna would know.When their professor swept into his lecture stance and asked if they had done their meditations over the holiday, all but Granger sank down in their seats. A strange sense of camaraderie fell over Draco at that, as if… maybe he wasn't really so far removed. He shook his head. Gryffindor Tower might as well have been another Galaxy as far as he was concerned.He'd never be welcome there.When Draco's turn came up, he looked into the eyes of the man he had trusted since childhood; a man he had only recently begun to fear. He hadn't realized until now just how skilled a spy his uncle was. It was impossible to know which side the man was on. To be perfectly honest, Draco wasn't sure anymore which side he, himself, was on. But when the older Slytherin stepped into his mind and called up images of the Dark Lord and saw the fear and doubt that the blond had harbored for so long mixed with the aching need to somehow prove himself to Luna, Draco knew that Severus Snape had discovered his secret. And when the man slipped from his mind and dark eyes bored into frightened grey ones, Draco finally knew what he really wanted. And he was terrified.…*~*J*~*…
Please Review!

:} llorolalluvia










Chapter 65





Chapter Text
"Severus, what are we going to do if Professor Dumbledore never agrees?""Hmm?""I mean, clearly he doesn't trust Mrs. Malfoy, not that I can blame him entirely, but she's our best hope if we're to implement the plan.""Mmm. Leave Albus to me."Hermione, who had been lying stretched out on her back across the couch, sat up at the grouchy man's words. "Have a plan, do you?""Mmm," he hummed, noncommittally. Sometimes she could just throttle him."Because, I don't know if you realize, but this is the best plan we've come up with yet, and it definitely depends on Narcissa's involvement.""As it turns out, I was not aware of those blatantly obvious facts, Hermione. What luck that I have a little Know-It-All on hand." His words were spoken without malice and Hermione grinned, launching a pillow across the space to smack him hard in the back of the head. "Ooph. What the…" but before Severus could get all riled up, the sound of a person knocking echoed through the room."What was that?" she asked the tall wizard as he huffed impatiently and stood from his desk."Someone is knocking on my office door. The teachers' quarters are Charmed so that such entreaties resonate.""Oh," was all she could say, but she couldn't help her curiosity as he slipped through his office door, leaving it cracked the slightest bit. Suddenly up and on tiptoes, Hermione hurried to the door, careful not to make a sound."Yes?" she heard Severus demanding angrily.It was Harry's voice that answered. "Sorry, Professor, but we were looking for Hermione. Is she in there?"Rats! She had promised to help Harry with the Charm, today! How on Earth had it slipped her mind? Throwing open the door to Severus's office before he could respond, Hermione called out her apology. "Oh, Harry, I'm so sorry. I completely forgot." Harry looked startled, and Ron, who was with him, shifted uncomfortably, averting his eyes as his face burned red."For Merlin's sake!" Severus hissed. "Get in here before anyone sees. Have none of you any common sense?"The boys hurried into his office, keeping their backs faced away from the Potions Master, and Hermione belatedly realized their mistake. "Sorry," she said earnestly."Why? What've we done, now?" Ron moaned."Well it's just," she sighed with exhaustion, "if any of the Slytherins were to see you two down here, wouldn't they think it suspicious?""So what?" Ron returned, sounding grumpy. "We're in his Potions class. We've every right to be here as they do.""That isn't the point, Ron," she replied, a tad impatiently."What she means," Severus cut in, "is that I cannot afford suspicion.""Well, what's done is done," said Harry, sounding angry. "Hermione, are you going to help me with this Charm or not?""Well… of course, I am, Harry. I told you I would.""Great, because it's a little important.""Yeah, alright, Harry. Let's go, then, shall we? As it happens, I've a collection of Buddhist texts for you to look over." At this, to Severus's obvious dismay, she ushered the boys into his living room."Wow. So this is where Snape lives," Ron mused, wandering around the room as Harry politely settled himself onto the couch. The redhead quite unsubtly headed toward the open bedroom door, but Severus cut him off, closing it with a vicious glare."You will behave yourself, Mr. Weasley, or you won't be allowed to return."Ron shrugged at that, apparently content with his short exploration, and plopped down on the chair across from Harry. "Alright, 'Mione, what've you got for us?"Hermione sighed, settling herself back onto the couch beside Harry. She watched Severus hesitate, standing awkwardly as if fighting against his instinct to throw the Gryffindors out of his rooms. Finally, the man stomped over to his desk and sat crouched over it, tension radiating off his angled frame. "Well, she said, I've been reading a lot about Buddhism, and I think some of its concepts should help you, Harry." The Boy Who Lived was expected to Charm the Mirror of Erised with a feeling of love for Lord Voldemort. Harder challenges had rarely been issued. But they were in this together, and Hermione was determined that it would work. "For example," she continued, "Buddhists believe in the concept of reincarnation. According to them, if all souls are reincarnated over and over for the span of Infinity, then everyone, at some point, has been your mother."The boys stared at her incredulously. "Hermione," said Harry, "that's got to be the most ridiculous thing I've ever heard."Yes, indeed, they had a long way to go.She was already beginning to lose the boys' attention when Severus suddenly flinched, jerking his arm from the parchment where he had been writing. His quill slipped right between his fingers, flying, miraculously enough, in the direction of Ron Weasley's head."Oi!" the redhead spat out, "What was that for?"But Harry and Hermione had both seen the Slytherin's reaction to some unseen phenomenon, yanking away as if burned. "Bloody hell," Severus snapped, pushing back from his desk so hard that he nearly knocked over the chair. Hermione knew immediately that he had been Summoned, but was anxious that he seemed so out of sorts. Could Harry's and Ron's presence have something to do with that? "I'll be out late," he growled, stomping into the bedroom. He stopped just short of slamming the door, and leaned out to catch Hermione's eye once more. "Be prepared," he warned, and she took his meaning. A Summons for him was a potential Summons for her, after all."Be careful," she answered, slipping him the slightest of smiles. Had they been alone, she might have kissed him goodbye, but as it was… she did not think he would appreciate that.And then, with a nod, he was gone."What was that all about?" Ron asked after a pause."He's been Summoned," Harry answered, to Hermione's surprise. "I wonder what Voldemort is planning tonight." His eyes clouded over in thought as he stared at the bedroom door."So what did he mean by 'be prepared,' then?" Ron asked.Inexplicably, Hermione blushed. "Well, because he might have to Summon me," she told him, feeling that honesty was the best policy, here."Oh," said the redhead, his eyes, too, clouding over with thought. Likely, he was remembering the day that Severus had Summoned her straight into the classroom, right before their eyes. "He can call you to him whenever he wants, can't he?" The anger in Ron's voice set Hermione's temper on edge."It's part of the Curse," she mumbled, wishing to end the uncomfortable topic. "Anyway, he hardly ever calls me, so it should be fine. Just don't," her breath caught, imagination suddenly projecting terrible images into her mind, "don't hold onto me or anything. It would be terrible if one of you accidentally came along. Especially you, Harry." The boys were wide-eyed and out of responses to that, but she could have sworn Harry inched farther away from her on the couch. Well. That was for the best. Wasn't it? She cleared her throat. "Anyway, we really should get back to the topic…""So this is where the Greasy Git lives," Ron spoke up, pulling himself out of the chair to take a turn around the room."Ron, now is not the time," she growled."He sure does have a lot of books," Ron continued, obliviously. "No wonder the two of you get on." He was headed to the bedroom door, and Hermione jumped up, infuriated by his impertinence. "I've always wondered where the Great Bat sleeps," he murmured, fondling the doorknob."Ronald Weasley! You get away from that door right now!" Hermione stomped over to his side, her hands clenched into fists on her hips, too afraid to reach for him with Severus at the dark lord's side."I don't think I will," he replied, turning his nose up in defiance. And with one twist, he had let himself into their bedroom."Ron!" she hissed, following after him."Did he Floo out, then? He can't have Disapparated.""That is none of your business, Ronald. Get back into the living room.""Oh hush it, Hermione. I'm only having a look around. So this is where you fuck him, is it?" Hermione gasped with rage. "Nice big bed, isn't it? So where are the handcuffs?""Ronald, you impertinent twit!""Mind if I give it a try?" he asked her, raising his eyebrows with mock sincerity before jumping up onto Severus's bed."Ron!""Hmmm, much softer than I'd have expected. No wonder you're never in Gryffindor Tower, anymore.""Ron," came Harry's voice from the doorway, "that's enough, don't you think? Come on, we've got work to do.""You've got work to do," Ron countered, sitting up and folding his arms across his chest. "Haven't you and Hermione got it all squared away? Just thought I'd enjoy a look-around, seeing as I'm useless.""Ron, that is not true," said Hermione in her most authoritative tone. "Harry needs your help with this.""Yeah, he needs all the help he can get, but I dunno what I'm supposed to contribute.""Oh, well that's great then," said Harry, stiffly. "Fine. I'm on my own, no use pretending. Go on, then. You might as well leave, if you're not going to help.""What, you're just going to kick me out?""Yeah, that's right. If you can't help, then just leave me alone. I am sick of having all of the pressure on me, and I don't need any more of it from you. Leave, then, if you don't want to participate.""It's not like that!""Isn't it? Stop pouting about how helpful Hermione is. Because honestly, none of it's helped me so far. So give up, then. You don't have the answer, you might as well give up.""Oh give over, Harry! I didn't say that!""No? Then stop whining about it and think! I can't do this alone, you know! I need your help!""ALRIGHT ALREADY!"The two boys huffed into the silence that followed as Hermione's wide eyes blinked back to normal. "Well, if you're quite finished, let's move back to the living room, shall we?"…*~*J*~*…"The Ministry is mine in all but name. Whatever rebellion we might expect will be easssily quelled under my imminent rule. The biggest threat that remainss is Dumbledore… and the Potter brat.""My Lord," Bellatrix cut in, "would it not be wise to attack the boy now, when they least expect it?"Lord Voldemort smirked patronizingly. "I appreciate your enthusiasm, Bella, but now is not the time for action. We grow stronger by the day. And our enemiess grow weaker.""But… my Lord…," began Yaxley, "isn't Dumbledore plotting against us, too?""An excellent question. Severusss?"Severus didn't so much as wince at the mention of his name, but turned casually to face his pox-marked brother. "The Order expect us to attack them any day. They are currently exhausting themselves with defensive measures and taking guard duty in lengthy shifts. What's more, Potter isn't prepared for the inevitable confrontation, and shows no promise of being ready in the future." Yaxley sat back silently at that. His brow was furrowed and he didn't seem pleased with the response. "I have also convinced the old fool that our Lord plans to fight him first. As a consequence, he is stalling." Severus leaned back in his chair, smirking confidently at the table at large."Very good, Severuss," the Dark Lord cooed in an icy voice that made the professor want to shiver. "And what of the girl? I'm afraid I have been remissss in keeping up with your dealingss with her. She has just now returned from her holiday with Potter, I understand. And what newsss has she unearthed for her masssster?""The boy is a nervous wreck," Severus tossed out with a dismissive wave of his hand. "He believes his only chance is in learning the Unforgivables, but we all know he has little chance of that."There was a murmur of amused agreement down the table."There are whispers," Bellatrix's voice broke out, the sheen of lunacy glazing her eyes, "that Dumbledore knows of your connection to the girl."Severus turned to the witch with an icy, dispassionate stare. "I assure you, Bella," he murmured in a bored tone, "that I, unlike some others, do not underestimate the man, and have been most cautious in my dealings with the girl." He cleared his throat, allowing his eyes to dart across the length of the table, "I am concerned, however," he began again, pausing to infuse his words with gravity, "that so many… of my Slytherin students seem to know. After all… such vital information… rarely… remains secret… when it is placed in the hands of children."There was a guilty shuffling among his fellow Death Eaters as they all refused to meet his eye. The Dark Lord was eerily silent. When he spoke, his voice was low and calm and dangerous. "Do you have any reason to believe that one of your Slytherinss might be unfaithful?"Severus tensed imperceptibly and pretended to consider. "It is more a matter of youthful ignorance and a lack of respect for the seriousness of the information. With hormones and illegal spirits rampant in the Hogwarts corridors, it seems only a matter of time before that tempting piece of gossip spreads to other Houses. No, I do not believe any of my students would intentionally reveal me, but I am wary of the loose binds with which this secret has been kept.""Hmmm," Lord Voldemort considered, staring into his follower's eyes with almost imperceptible Legilimency. Severus was well used to his subtle tactics. "Rumorss can be traced," he murmured elusively. "It would be a pity if one of my loyal servantsss' children were to be punished." He cast a casual glance down the table, allowing the threat to sink into the silence. "And if you are discovered, Severuss? What will you do?""That is for my Master to decide.""Yesss. You will tell the old fool that I had promissed to kill the girl, if ever word reached his rotting ears. After all, that is no lie." He met Severus's eyes, glaring pointedly, before blinking back to the rest of his audience. "I think it will not be sso hard for you to pretend to care for her." His smirk was full of malice, and the rest of the gathering chuckled wickedly. So apparently he was being too obvious in his affection. Well, that would certainly have to change.Lucius stopped him on his way from the Dining Room, gesturing him in the direction of the Study. Severus complied reluctantly, wearing a trace of impatience in his smirk. It would not do for him to seem too eager. Narcissa was waiting in the hallway, and he bent to kiss her hand. "Narcissa," he greeted, as was expected of him, "you look well.""You are too kind, Severus," she replied with her old, familiar formality. But then the men excused themselves and did not speak until they had locked themselves away, with all matter of secrecy in place."Bold of you to suggest that your students might complicate things," Lucius drawled in an angry hiss, his veil of politeness tossed away."I am not wrong," Severus reminded him."Need I remind you that the girl would receive far worse punishment than Draco, were the truth to be discovered.""Have no worry on that account, old friend. I have no intention of losing her." It was a tricky game, teasing Lucius with increasingly blatant views of the cards in his hand. For one, it gave the other man reason to confide his own cards. And yet, there was always the chance he would reveal him."Have mercy on my nerves," the blond man grumbled, collapsing into a chair. The fire was already crackling, as if it had never been put out. Idly, Severus wondered if that fire was kept blazing perpetually, to be of use to the Malfoys at their whim. Lucius poured them both a brandy, and sent Severus's glass spinning gently through the air."To the Dark Lord," Severus murmured in a bored, automatic voice, which Lucius echoed. The mood established, Severus sipped his spirit with an air of contentment, allowing his friend to sulk by comparison to him."She didn't even look at me," the blond man finally whined. Not even ten seconds, mused the Potions Master. "Narcissa," Lucius clarified, "just now in the hall, she didn't so much as glance in my direction.""Mmmm," Severus hummed idly, swirling the dark liquid in his glass with leisurely ease. He spoke only seconds before Lucius was certain to snap. "And did you glance at her?" he asked, feeling a bit like he was counseling a student."Of course not. Don't be ridiculous!" Lucius sank down in his chair, sipping his brandy through a pout. He only ever relaxed this way in the company of his closest friend. Yes, Severus realized with some dismay, I still have hope for him."Well maybe if you talked to her…""And what am I to say, Severus? That I want her back? That I'll do whatever it takes? You know I can't do that!"Indeed, he could not fulfill that promise without rebelling against Lord Voldemort, himself. "Perhaps if you only tell her how you feel…""Actually," Lucius studied his glass, turning it nervously between his fingers, "I had been hoping… that is… you remember that little Charm of yours, the little key your Mudblood gave to you?" Severus glared, but offered no response. "You see… I was hoping… perhaps you could show it to Narcissa… for me." The blond's handsome grey eyes connected with his, pleading like a hopeful puppy, and Severus couldn't suppress a sigh."Oh Lucius," he murmured in his most sympathetic tone, "she has not forgotten about your love."…*~*J*~*…Exhausted (and a little bit drunk), Severus pushed open the door that led from the cave into his quarters. He had stripped out of his boots and robes before he heard a sound in the other room. Startled, he crossed the room in three long strides and threw open the door. Three pairs of wide eyes greeted him as the echoing laughter was cut short. There was a long pause, before…"What the hell are you still doing here!?" He'd been gone for hours, and they'd just made themselves at home."Sorry, Professor," Potter mumbled, sounding meek. The boy's eyes were downcast and his cheeks were beginning to grow red. Perhaps the shock of remembering where they were had been enough to embarrass him. "We'll, erm… we'll just get out of your way." He and Weasley began shuffling parchment into piles and stacking books that they had brought along. Hang on. Those were his books on the table."Wait," Severus said, his tone more even than before. He pulled a hand down his face in exasperation. Merlin, save me from unsubtle Gryffindors. "In case you hadn't surmised as much, I've just been to see the Dark Lord," he said. "It seems there has been a bit of suspicion circulating, and it won't do for you to be seen leaving my quarters." He glanced at the clock. "Bloody hell. Do you realize you're out three hours after curfew?" he asked them. The insolence was staggering.Hermione jumped up at that. "I'm so sorry, Severus. It's just… we were making so much progress on the Charm, and… and I didn't want to leave before you got back, but… well, you know how I get so anxious when you're gone, and… and I didn't want to be alone, so I… I just told them it would be alright if they stayed for a while. Please don't be angry," she pleaded, approaching him and latching onto his hands. He couldn't quite interpret the emotions going through him in this moment. Is this an existential crisis? What the hell had happened to his life?! "I'll make it up to you," she cooed in a tone that made Potter and Weasley blush and turn their eyes to the books on the table.In spite of himself, Severus found that he didn't care overmuch if they'd broken the rules. It was forgotten in the face of those devious, cinnamon eyes. "Make it up to me, will you?" he growled, releasing her hands in favor of claiming her by the waist. "A Gryffindor resorting to bribery." he tisked playfully at her, pulling her hips tight against his own. "And bribing a Slytherin, no less."Hermione's eyes dilated, and he resisted the urge to smirk. "The Head of Slytherin," she hummed, wrapping her arms around his neck. When her soft breasts came into contact with his chest, Severus nearly forgot that they had company."Oh, Hermione," he growled in a deep, dangerous tone, "you'll have to do better than that.""Er…" said Potter, "we're just going to leave, now…""Yes, go. Be careful not to be seen," Severus lectured before leaning down to claim Hermione's soft lips. Distantly, he registered the sounds of doors opening and closing as he nibbled her soft flesh, pushing his tongue between her teeth."Mmmmm," she moaned, pressing back against him. She bit down playfully on his tongue, rubbing her own against it to soothe the pain.Groaning, Severus dragged his hands up her torso to her breasts, panting against her mouth as he gently squeezed her. It took all of his strength to pull away. "This is your bribe, Hermione. I should have given those boys detention. So… how exactly do you plan to make it up to me?"If he had expected her to be stunned or confused, he was mistaken. Grinning wickedly, the little witch gave him one rough shove in the direction of the bedroom. "Get in there," she said. And he complied.Turning to face her, Severus watched as the little temptress closed and locked the door, turning back toward him and leaning back against the door. Their eyes connected and something wicked flashed in her cinnamon depths. "Take off your clothes," she instructed. Amused, Severus lifted an eyebrow. "Think this is funny, do you?" she asked. "I gave you a direct command and I expect you to follow it." He almost laughed, but for the look in her eye, and in a heartbeat he knew that she was serious. His mouth went dry and his eyes grew wide as his fingers came up automatically to unbutton his shirt. "That's better," the little minx purred, letting her eyes trail down his torso as she lifted her chin and smirked. Severus was already hard. He dropped the shirt to the floor. "the trousers, too," she told him, lifting an eyebrow. This time, he didn't hesitate.Standing naked before the fully dressed witch made Severus feel vulnerable and ashamed in a way he hadn't felt with Hermione since the beginning. It was uncomfortable and unpleasant and he felt like he was blushing as she stepped toward him, her eyes cold and assessing. Instinctively, he covered his cock with his hands. Before he could react, the girl had swatted his wrists with her wand. It stung and he was so shocked he nearly jumped, but mostly he was surprised by how much it turned him on.Slowly, she circled him, and he resisted the urge to turn as she did. It was against his instincts to allow a threat out of his sight. And yet, it was a part of his training as a spy not to let his fear be known. "Lie on the bed," she told him, meeting his eyes without a hint of a smile. He hesitated and she struck the side of his thigh with her wand. It took his breath away. Severus had never seen this side of her. It made his cock throb. "I told you to lie on the bed," she repeated in a calm, firm voice. One delicate eyebrow lifted and Severus eagerly complied.Lying there naked with his cock up in the air, Severus watched her movement out of the corner of his eye. He was oddly set on edge by this new dynamic. It made him anxious not to have any control. And yet, it was liberating in a way nothing else could be.She stopped at the foot of the bed, linking eyes with him before slowly unbuttoning her blouse. The connection was so arousing that he took himself in hand, slowly pulling a fist up and down while he watched her. "Did I tell you you could touch yourself?" she asked in a low, dangerous voice. He froze, fighting the instinct to smirk at her boldness. "Hands by your side." He hesitated, but decided to play along, dropping his hand to the blankets. "Very good," she praised in a serious tone, and he was dismayed when his cock jumped in response. Only for an instant, he could see a shine in her eye; that brief moment when she recognized the power she held over him. And then her wicked eyes returned to his, locking onto him as if to hold him captive there. He didn't mind. He'd rather spend his life in those cinnamon orbs than in any other place on Earth.Her blouse dropped to the floor and she stood frozen. He had seen that black lace bra only once before. He nearly groaned at the thought that she had planned this. The remainder of her clothing slowly followed the blouse to the floor. It was agony refraining from touching himself. She looked so soft and smooth, her pert breasts held aloft by the thin black lace. The knickers matched. He hadn't had a chance to enjoy them the first time, and that was a pity. Gods, she was beautiful. The lacy black was a stark contrast to her smooth, ivory skin. He wanted to reach out and touch it.Slowly, agonizingly, she pulled herself up onto the bed and crawled toward him, keeping her eyes on his. If she felt self-conscious, it didn't show. She was all wicked smirks and there was fire in her eyes. He shivered. He hadn't realized he was holding his breath until she was right above him, suspended close enough that if he lifted his body he would touch her. And yet, he didn't dare. "You have pleased me," she hummed in a low, seductive voice. "You deserve to be rewarded." He nearly moaned. "And how shall I reward you?" she asked, smirking down at him. Before he could respond, she dipped her body down to brush against him briefly before returning to her crouched position. The feel of her lacy breasts against him made Severus groan aloud. His hands twitched against the instinct to touch her, and it was all he could do to keep from rolling her over and pressing her into the mattress until he had had his fill.Leaning down, Hermione brushed her bottom lip against his ear. "Should I use my body?" she asked in a near-whisper."Yes," he replied without a thought. His voice had deserted him somewhere along the way, leaving the word a breathless whisper. He didn't care.Hermione lowered herself just enough that the tip of his cock brushed the lace of her knickers. He bit his lip to keep from moaning. "Like that, would you?" she teased, rubbing lightly against him so that the tender head nestled into her folds through the soft material. He twitched in agony, desperate to press hard against her. She pulled her face away, smirking at him before leaning down to almost claim his mouth. But she stopped short, slipping the tip of her tongue out to trail across his bottom lip. He tried to kiss her, but she stopped him with one dainty hand across his neck. Her fingers found a pressure point and she held him down. It shocked and thrilled him all at once."Would you like me to fuck you?" she asked, a smile in her voice. Not trusting his own, he merely nodded. "I want to hear you say it," she growled, tightening her grip on his neck."Yes," he choked out, surprised by how effectively she had strangled his voice. The pressure wasn't enough to hurt or cut off his air, but she had somehow rendered him incapable of normal speech."What was that?" she asked him.He cleared his throat. "Yes," he forced out a bit stronger, "I want you to fuck me.""Do you?" she cooed, reaching down to where there bodies touched and pulling the black lace aside. His tender flesh connected with her bare skin and he gasped desperately. "Do you want me to take you inside of me?" She was now rubbing against him again, further and further between her folds with every stroke, pushing him back, closer and closer to her entrance."Yes," he begged, "please." His body ached with the need to be inside her. If she didn't take him soon, he might explode. Hermione smirked down at him, increasing the pressure on his neck and pushing his cock forward so that she could rub against his length. "Fuck!" he growled as his throbbing flesh made contact with her slick, hot skin. Instinctively, he arched against her, thrusting himself hard against her pelvic bone. She immediately pulled away, subjecting him to the harsh chill of the dungeon air."Uh uh uh," she scolded gently, lifting one eyebrow. Her lips turned up at the corner and she leaned forward to whisper in his ear. "This is my bribe, remember? I call the shots."Severus moaned, impatient, needing her to understand. "Please, Hermione. Please, let me feel you. I'll do anything you want.""Anything?" Her lips brushed the side of his face and she lowered herself enough to let her breasts rest against him. Severus moaned. More than anything, he wanted to grab them and push them together, rubbing his thumbs over her nipples until they stood hard and proud. But they already were feeling quite prominent against his chest, and Severus bit back a moan at the realization of just how much she was enjoying this."Anything," he promised in a dark voice. She ran her tongue across the tender place just in front of his ear and he arched against her."No," she scolded in a growl, pulling his earlobe into her mouth and biting down on it. He whimpered with need. She released the hold she had on his neck and pushed herself up to look down at him. "Alright," she told him with a smirk. "Since you've been so good." And with that she took his cock in hand, slowly pulling her soft fist up and down the shaft."Oh yes," he whimpered, "Oh please." His eyes flickered shut of their own accord as the tendrils of pleasure overtook him. He felt her grip growing tighter, her movements faster. The tip of his cock brushed against soft lace. And then that was pushed aside. She was soft-so soft-and slick with her own arousal. He moaned aloud, ecstasy pulsing inside of him as she lowered herself closer and closer to his cock. Her entrance was so wet and hot and tight as she began to push him inside of herself. And then she stopped. And his eyes popped open. And she was smirking down at him with fire in her eyes."Is this what you want?" she teased him.Severus growled. "Yes, Hermione, please. You're tormenting me.""Am I?" she asked him, slowly lowering herself halfway down his shaft and then pulling herself back up.He hissed with pleasure and restraint. "Yes. Please.""And what are you going to do for me?""Anything!" he repeated, impatient."Anything? A blank check?""Yes. Whatever you want, just… please!"Without another word, she slowly lowered herself all the way down until he was completely inside of her. And froze. Severus lost the ability to think. His hands took hold of her thighs and he thrust up against her, eager to take his pleasure.In an instant, her hand was around his throat again, applying just enough pressure to subdue him. "No," she scolded. "This time, I'm fucking you." And he moaned aloud as she began to do so, sliding up and down his cock with a pace just a little bit too slow. It made him twitch with need beneath her, begging her with his body to let go, to fuck him with abandon, to release him from her hold.Her hand tight on his neck, she began to move faster, her breasts bouncing despite the confines of the bra. He was drawn to the vision, wishing he could rip off her bra, wishing her could touch her with his own two hands. "Let me touch you," he begged."Hmm? You want to touch me?" she asked, moving faster and clenching her muscles around him so that he thought he might burst at any moment."Yes," he begged her, "please!" The pleasure was mounting. He could feel himself on edge. If he could just touch her, squeeze her in his palms, know for himself the soft, full feel of her…"Yes," she whimpered, clearly approaching her own climax. The sound of the pleasure in her voice nearly sent him over the edge. "Touch me!" she cried out, cutting off his breath with her hand.His hands latched onto her breasts, pushing them together as he began to meet her thrust for thrust. Greedily, he pushed the cups of the bra up over her breasts, setting them free to bounce as she rode him. Moaning, he reached for her nipples, clamping down on them, and she cried out into the night. Her face was twisted with ecstasy and Severus had never seen anything more arousing. Grabbing her thighs, he held her still as he bucked hard beneath her, chasing his climax until he exploded with pleasure. He came hard, jerking erratically beneath her as he was consumed with ecstasy.When his pulsing body began to calm, he opened his eyes and smiled up at her, panting. She laughed, perhaps at her own behavior, and pulled off of him with a sensitive jolt. Lying beside him, she tucked her head under his arm and played with the hair that ran down his torso. "Am I forgiven?" she asked him in a timid voice.He nearly laughed. "If this is how you make it up to me," he said, "they are welcome to visit anytime."...*~*J*~*…The stone gargoyle leapt aside as she gave it the password ("Cockroach Clusters," how quaint). She ascended the stairs as if she hadn't a care in the world, but all the while she was clutching his note with the grip of a woman in childbirth. "You need to talk to Albus," the parchment said. Severus had slipped it into her hand when they'd met in the hallway earlier. "Cockroach clusters," had been scribbled underneath. If she had thought that carrying such a note around the Manor all day had been stressful, it was nothing compared to facing the Head of the Order, himself. Lord Voldemort she knew how to deal with. He believed her meek and never questioned her motives. But Albus Dumbledore saw through every disguise, and she was afraid of being vulnerable. Well, there was no point standing on his doorstep, she supposed. Knocking on the heavy wood brought her attention to the sound of her heart beating in her ears. Just do it, she told herself when he called out for her to enter."Albus," she greeted serenely, stepping patiently into the room."Ah, Narcissa," he responded. "I thought I might be seeing you soon."…*~*J*~*…









Chapter 66





Chapter Text
Hermione landed so close in front of Severus that her bum brushed the front of his trousers. She laughed breathlessly and glanced down at the compass in her hand. Sure enough, it still pointed due North."I think we've established a pattern," Severus said, humor in his voice as he wrapped his arms around her waist and lifted her off the ground.She giggled louder. "Stop it! Alright, but let's try one more time. Turn to your right and I'll face North again and see if I appear facing you or not.""You've surely appeared sideways across my lap a time or two. I'm certain of it.""Well let's just see," Hermione insisted. She was probably having too much fun with this. "Order me."Severus's long-suffering sigh was belied by the way his lip turned up at the corner. "As you command." He pulled himself up to his full height and looked down at her with mock authority. "Return to your room."Hermione popped back into her four-poster bed, her cheeks stinging with laughter. They had decided to ignore Professor Dumbledore's hesitation and continue developing their plan. Because Hermione was able to transport objects, she would be the one to bring the Mirror of Erised to Voldemort, when the time came. Of course, that meant that Severus would need to be in his presence beforehand and Summon her to him with the Mirror. It would be nearly impossible to turn the heavy, fragile object once transported, so they needed to know exactly how it would land. That was why they were testing the rules of her Curse.Standing on her bed, Hermione faced due North and waited. The sheer volume of Apparitions in such a short span of time had left her winded. And yet, somehow she felt more energized. There was something almost playful about their little experiment, and they were both enjoying the excuse to spend a little time together. It took their minds off of the approaching conflict and the turmoil of the Wizarding World."Oh!" Hermione popped out of her bedroom and landed in front of Severus Snape. It was almost as if knowing she were about to be Summoned put her nerves more on edge than a complete surprise.Maybe that was why she kept laughing.Her shoulder just barely brushed Severus's chest, and she turned to grin up at him.He smirked down at her. "I am going to take that as conclusive evidence. Clearly you will always appear in front of me, and always facing the direction you were facing when Summoned.""Alright," Hermione sighed. "I suppose that's enough. Now we just have to map out the Malfoy's Hall and determine where the best Apparition spot will be.""I will take to carrying a compass and test the positioning of the Hall on my next visit."Hermione wrinkled her nose. A "visit" to Malfoy Manor usually meant he had been Summoned to his lord. "So," she said, plopping down on the Potion Master's couch, "you still haven't told me about Narcissa's meeting with the Headmaster."Severus sighed, easing his body more carefully onto the seat beside her. "Well, Albus is only barely more convinced. But after the way he treated her, I would not be surprised if she changed her mind.""What did he do?"She could tell from the way his brow furrowed then relaxed, and the way he opened his mouth to speak before closing it in a hard line, that he was more upset than he wanted to let on. "Albus…" he began at last, "has taken it upon himself to interrogate Narcissa with brute force Legilimency strong enough to break through the shields of a practiced Occlumens."Hermione's eyes grew wide and she sucked her lip into her mouth, but said nothing."And he did so," Severus continued, "for several hours the other night, when there was no one around to interrupt him.""That's terrible."Severus only nodded. "He was consoling her in typical Albus fashion when I happened upon the scene. Had I known she was there, I certainly would not have delayed my meeting for so long. But Narcissa is strong. Her eyes were red, but full of determination. I have no doubt she did not cry.Hermione huffed. She had never expected to feel toward Narcissa Malfoy the way she often felt about House Elves. For that matter, she had never felt more sympathetic toward Draco Malfoy than she had of late. Their resumed Occlumency lessons had brought a sense of camaraderie that was entirely unforeseen. It wasn't that they were friendly. Not at all. But there was a certain absence of malice that was notable in comparison to their previous rivalry.Hermione pulled her feet up underneath her, linking her arm through Severus's and leaning against his shoulder. "What do you think will happen to them? After the War?""The Malfoy's?" Severus shifted uncomfortably. "Oh, they'll bribe the Wizengamot and give names and plead that they were afraid of what the Dark Lord might do to them if they did not comply with his requests. And if Narcissa plays her cards right, Dumbledore might even intervene on their behalf."Strange, but Hermione really wasn't sure how she felt about that.Severus gave a huff of breath that constituted laughter. "Draco seems to have found an interest on our side of the War.""Luna?" Hermione guessed.She felt him turn to look down at her. "How do you know about that?"She shrugged against him. "I saw them talking after Slughorn's party." Pulling away, she grinned up at him with a twinkle in her eye. "I suppose there have been stranger pairs."Severus was clearly fighting the smile that eventually won and turned his pale lips up at the corners. He reached an arm across her, pulling her tight against his side. "I'm beginning to think those are the best." And with that, he leaned down and met her mouth with a smile....*~*J*~*…Harry was staring blankly at some Buddhist text Hermione was making him read when Ginny suddenly appeared in his peripheral. He had hidden out in a sheltered alcove, facing a Winter-empty courtyard where no one would think to look for him. Ginny hopped up onto the thick ledge where he had seated himself and leaned against the column opposite him. Her presence somehow brought him back to himself and he noticed the bite in his freezing ears for the first time."Wotcher," she said through a grin, mimicking Tonks.Harry sighed. "This is ridiculous. I'm never going to be able to make myself feel love for that miserable…""I think you're going about it the wrong way."Irritation prickled at his nerves. They hadn't had a serious argument yet, and he really didn't want to start now. "Oh yeah? So what do you propose?""Well… you're all focused on the man himself. Maybe you should try thinking about who he used to be. Or who he would have been, if his life had been different."Harry eyed her doubtfully."Seriously. Think about it. We've seen something similar with Snape these last few months. I mean… he's a changed man. He hasn't been nearly as big of a bastard since he started getting laid." She held up her hands in defense against his hostile glare. "I don't mean it like that. I mean… I do… but it's more than that. Before Hermione, Snape was all alone. No one loved him. Unless you count Dumbledore, but I doubt Snape was very receptive to his affection, ya know? Now, for the first time in… probably decades… maybe ever… someone cares about him and worries about him and makes him feel worthwhile. And in the space of months he's gone from being a complete arse to being… you have to admit… a pretty decent guy. So I'm just saying… maybe stop thinking about Voldemort as, well, Voldemort. Try thinking about him as the guy he would have been if he hadn't lived the life he lived."Harry grumbled unintelligibly, but otherwise didn't respond."He was an orphan, right? Think about that. He never had real friends or family. He never fell in love. I mean, as far as we know he's never felt love in his life. Think about that. Think about the lost boy he could have been. And maybe, if you can't feel love for the monster that he is, try to love the boy who got lost in all of that; the boy who never had a chance."…*~*J*~*…"There is so much doubt in her mind, Severus." Albus was pacing his office, as he always did when he was feeling anxious. Every now and then, he stopped by his pensieve to drop a memory into it."Honestly, I would be more worried if there was no doubt at all."Albus nodded absentmindedly. "She is looking out for her family. Who's to say she won't use any advantage to turn the tide in her own favour?"Severus sighed impatiently. "We'll never be able to prove it either way. We have a chance here, Albus. It's more than we've had in ages. We have a plan!""Severus, you're beginning to whine. It seems to me that you have allowed your hopes to cloud your vision. Never before have I seen you so ready to believe the best in someone."Severus sulked silently at that. He wanted to argue with the Headmaster, but there was nothing he could say. The man was right. And yet, there was something more that led Severus to believe that Narcissa meant what she told them. It might not have been anything more than intuition, but he believed it at his core. Narcissa Malfoy wanted to protect her family, yes, but she also wanted the vile creature that had polluted her household gone. And she was willing to stick her stiff, elegant neck out to do it."You believe me, Albus. You trust me."Albus snorted, to his spy's dismay. "I know you, Severus. I know your heart's deepest desires. And they lie on one side of the War. Narcissa's… well… they are not directly affected by the outcome. It is more difficult to determine where her best interests lie."Severus rubbed a hand down his face. How could he explain to Albus that he just knew? Could he really blame the other man for having doubts?Albus paced a few more circles about the room, then came to stand over his pensieve, staring into its depths. "There is one way that I could be sure of her loyalty."Severus met the old man's piercing stare."But it is unlikely she would ever agree."…*~*J*~*…It was a quiet sort of day and the soft chill of the windless grounds seemed to awaken Luna's spirit (even more than usual). She was peacefully drifting around the perimeter of the castle for no reason at all when an arm shot out of an alcove and yanked her inside. Her squeal of surprise was quickly suppressed as Draco's mouth covered hers. His eager hands trailed up and down the length of her back, tangling in the soft curls of her hair.She laughed into his mouth and pulled away enough to look up at him. "Draco, it's alright that we have to be secretive, but you gave me quite a fright."To her delight, his already pink cheeks grew darker and he lowered his eyes. Luna liked to think she was the only one who saw this side of him. "Sorry," he mumbled, sounding like an apologetic child. "I just wanted to surprise you. I saw you wandering around and thought I'd head you off.""That's okay," Luna whispered, reaching gentle fingers up to brush a bit of snow out of his hair. "I quite like surprises."Draco squeezed her tight against him. "Then I shall have to surprise you more often."A peel of laughter rang out nearby and Draco suddenly stiffened, alert. His hands fell away and he stepped back from her, glancing around anxiously for the source of the sound."I have to go," he told her in hushed haste.Luna only nodded; understanding, though it broke her heart, that it wasn't time for them to be together in the open. She watched him hurry off and squeezed herself tight into the corner of the alcove, disappearing like a winter rabbit amidst the gentle flurries of the snow.…*~*J*~*…"Hermione was saying… er… something about cruel behaviours and how they come about as—what did she call them?—mechanisms—copingmechanisms!—when someone has a really terrible life."Ginny nodded knowledgeably and grabbed Harry's arm to keep him from stepping off the staircase. It had moved to a different landing while they climbed and he had been so focused on his thoughts that he hadn't noticed.Harry's brow furrowed. "So… you were saying… you think the Tom Riddle in the diary was kind of… in transition?""Mmmhmmm. He was still ambitious and selfish and out for his own good, even at the cost of others, but… he was still in the process of convincing himself that it was alright to kill people.""Ginny, that's terrible!"She nodded absentmindedly. "But it's a far cry from where he is today. The Tom Riddle I knew…" she blushed, meeting Harry's eye for just a blink, "he put up a face. He wanted me to think that he was confident and self-assured, but I sensed something about him that I only recognized because I had felt it too. He was lonely."Harry glared at her, not wanting to think about Lord Voldemort that way. But then he realized that he was fighting the exact emotion he was supposed to be trying to feel: pity. Hermione had said that pity was akin to love and that if he could learn to pity the man, perhaps he could work up a strong enough emotion to cast the Charm. They lapsed into silence and Harry let the feeling marinate inside him. He was lonely. He probably only covered that up with layers and layers of wicked thoughts. But underneath, could it still be there? Could Voldemort, the vilest wizard of the modern age, murderer of hundreds of innocents—Magical and Muggle alike—possibly be lonely deep down inside?He tried to picture the brooding man, anger welling up inside of him like a festering wound that had never been treated. Maybe it was too late for him. Or maybe he just needed a balm. He tried to imagine Voldemort coming to peace, a changed man. He snorted.Ginny led him through the portrait door and up to his own dormitory. The others were all out, probably enjoying their Saturdays or doing homework in a more accommodating place. If they were down in the Common Room, he hadn't noticed.Ginny suddenly turned on him, wrapping her arms around his neck and looking into his eyes in his favourite way. "I think you need a break," she told him, her voice husky. His hands landed on her hips as she backed toward the four-poster, never breaking eye-contact with him. He could feel himself growing hard.In a flash they were in the bed, Ginny's petite frame squashed beneath him. She felt so good, even through her soggy, snow-dampened jumper. He kissed her passionately, fingers working their way diligently ever closer to her warm, soft skin. She threw up the proper wards with a practiced flick and then stuffed her wand away. They preferred undressing the old-fashioned way.Harry peeled off Ginny's many layers as she did the same for him. Soon there was nothing between them, and they dove under the covers for protection from the chill of the castle air. Her smooth thighs felt so good against his throbbing cock. He wanted nothing more than to be inside her.But Ginny had other plans. Wrestling him onto his back (she was surprisingly good at that), she pinned him to the bed, leaning over him with a wicked smirk. Harry reached up to pinch her bright pink nipples, smoothing his hands over the firm roundness of her breasts as they dangled before him. She bent toward him, kissing the soft spot beneath his ear, her breath warm, her dark red hair falling in soft waves all around him. His hands trailed down her back, gripping her slender waist as her soft fingers closed around his aching cock. Harry groaned. "Shhh," she told him. Of course, there was no need for silence, but somehow the reminder that this was hardly the most private place only aroused him more.She rubbed the tip of his cock between her folds. Her slick warmth made him arch his back beneath her. And then she was sliding him slowly—agonizingly, excruciatingly slowly—inside of her. Her breath hot on his ear, she lowered herself repeatedly onto him, each time taking more and more until finally she took him all the way. Then she paused, sitting up and arching her back, her breasts pert and tight, the tips sharp and pink. Her dark red hair caressed the edges of her breasts; falling between them, across her shoulders, and down her back. He wanted to take a fistful of it in his hands, but settled for gripping her slender hips as she slowly began to move atop him. She was so beautiful. Everything about her body was long and slender and almost as pale as the snow. In contrast, her bright red hair was like a winter flame, heating him from the inside.She rocked against him, slowly, passionately, and Harry reached up to pull her down to him. He kissed her sweetly on the tip of the nose, on each of her cheeks, and then pulled her closer to suckle her neck, squeezing her breasts against his chest as he began to buck beneath her. Ginny cried out, one hand slipping down to where their bodies met as the other gripped his shoulder. He relished the way her nails bit into his skin, the way her mouth popped open in shock as each breath was tinged with ecstatic gasping until she cried out with abandon. As her body tightened and arched, and her eyes squeezed closed in agonized pleasure, Harry found his own release beneath her, losing himself in wave after wave of ecstasy.Ginny collapsed on top of him, their sweat-glazed bodies molding together in soft harmony as their breathing slowed. They were as one, sated and content; their limbs curled around one another. And Winter sunlight fell soft through the canopy as slowly, together, they fell asleep.…*~*J*~*…
Please Review!!!

:} llorolalluvia










Chapter 67





Chapter Text
Ron stomped away from the Room of Requirement, his breath coming in puffs, heat high in his cheeks. He would have stayed and waited for the rest of the D.A. to leave, but Harry and Ginny had eyes only for each other and Hermione had not attended practice today.He really shouldn't have been so angry about that.Hermione was with Snape now. That was just the way it was and there was no going back from that. Why did he feel so rejected? It wasn't like she'd been given a choice. This whole thing with Snape had just kind of… happened. Maybe it was because they just went so well together. He hated how perfect their lives seemed to be. He hated Harry, too, for ditching him for his sister. Now he was all alone.Ron came up short, a flash of white blonde hair catching his eye. Luna had left the meeting a little before he had and had apparently stopped to stare out one of the castle's many windows. With a sudden bout of courageous determination, Ron marched up to her."Luna," he said, "would you like to accompany me to Hogsmeade on the next visit?"Luna turned to him, her hazy blue eyes meeting his with a blank expression. "That's very nice of you to offer, Ron," she said, "but I think I'd rather just be friends." And she turned back toward the window.When Ron pushed his way into the Gryffindor Common Room, grumbling something about how Luna would probably end up with Neville anyway, his gaze was immediately drawn to a lone figure sitting in one corner of the room. Hermione. Anger burning up into his throat, Ron stomped across the room, fists balled at his sides, lips pouted, forehead wrinkled. He was just about to demand she explain why she had missed the meeting when the D.A. was more important now than it ever had been before."Hold this," she said, handing him a mirror that had been lying on the sofa beside her. She was holding its twin in her other hand, staring at it with intense concentration. He accepted the mirror, barely glancing at it. Some of his anger dissipated as he watched in confusion. She rifled through the other objects on the couch for what looked like a cat toy and threw it against the mirror in her hand. It bounced off and landed in her lap.Ron sank to the sofa beside Hermione as she leaned over to make some notes on a parchment. His brow wrinkled. "What are you doing?"At last she met his eye. "What do you think?" Then she continued scribbling without any further explanation.After a moment, she picked up her wand and tapped her mirror with the tip of it, mumbling an incantation. She reached over and grabbed his, giving it the same treatment before stuffing it back in his hand. This process repeated a number of times without any noticeable improvement. Meanwhile, Ron noticed that his anger had evaporated. How could he be so angry with Hermione? She hadn't done anything wrong. She was just here, trying to do everything in her power to save the Wizarding World. And he had wanted to throw a tantrum about her missing practice.Of course, it really wasn't about that. It was about her loving Snape. But… she looked so healthy. He had seen her during stressful times in her life when her complexion grew pale and sickly and her eyes always carried bags from weariness. But now, though she was obviously tired and stressed, her skin had a healthy glow and her eyes were bright with determination. And although she didn't look it, he knew that she was happy.Ron sank down in his seat, feeling sulky and pathetic. What kind of friend was he to be so angry about something that clearly brought her joy? If he really cared about her, he should be glad she had found someone who could make her feel like… like he felt when he held that key she'd charmed for Snape. Did he really think he felt that way for her? No. Not really.Ron sighed. I've been a fool. He glanced at Hermione-still so intent on her work-and was this close to apologising for his recent behaviour, when Ginny and Harry showed up."There you are, Ron," Harry said. "We were wondering what happened to you." Harry didn't give his friend a chance to respond. His eyes switched to Hermione and her curious efforts and his brow wrinkled as Ron's had. "What you working on, Hermione?""What does it look like," she mumbled, not looking up. She seemed to be getting frustrated with the project, if her impatience was any indication."Maybe you should take a break, Hermione," said Ginny. "We were going to head down to dinner soon.""Go ahead," Hermione said, shooing them with one hand. "I'm busy."Harry and Ginny met eyes and shrugged. Ron frowned."Suit yourself," said Ginny. "Come on Ron."Ron, displeased at his sister's assumption that of course he would just come along-it wasn't like he had anything better to do-almost didn't follow when they turned away. But then his stomach growled and he sighed, standing. "Catch you later, 'Mione," he grumbled. The fight had gone out of him. All he wanted was some food.Dropping the mirror on the sofa beside Hermione, Ron hurried after his other friends.…*~*J*~*…Severus pushed the scattered rolls of parchment to the side. He just couldn't focus on grading anymore. His fingers itched to write a message to Hermione, wondering how her work was coming, asking her if she wanted to join him for tea. But he held back. She didn't know the truth about what would happen when this was all said and done. The faster they prepared, the sooner they could take down the Dark Lord.And the sooner Severus would die.She couldn't know. It was for the best. They had to defeat Lord Voldemort and finally she would be free. It was what she would do, if she were in his place. She would sacrifice everything that she held dear. She would save the world. And die doing it.Hell, she was saving the world. Hermione's ideas and efforts were bridging the gap between the despair he had had that there was no way they could win and the hope they now had that they would be able to defeat the most powerful dark wizard of all time.She was brilliant. She was his beautiful, brilliant hope for the future. And she would survive. That was the important part. Hermione Granger would be alive and free and she would go on to accomplish amazing things. No, he wouldn't be around to see it, but… Merlin, would you stop dwelling on that bit?!He stood and swept out of his office, preferring to wander the corridors to distract his wandering mind. But it was no use. The castle was so familiar to him that he needn't so much as look up as he walked to know where he was going. Really, he needn't even know where he was going.He was oddly unsurprised when he found himself outside the entrance to the Astronomy Tower. He often liked to come here when he was feeling overwhelmed. The top of the Tower overlooked the entire Grounds, making him feel small and his problems insignificant. These mountains would be here long after he was gone. They had seen eons of human drama, Magical and Muggle alike. And they would outlive everyone he had ever known. Or loved.The sky was vast, fading from white to grey as the night fell. The wind whipped around him; unforgiving. And the cold fell across him in layers, like cloaks.Yes, he thought, Hermione's plan will work.They just needed one more person on their side.…*~*J*~*…Narcissa drifted silently through the frozen gardens of Malfoy Manor. The cold had long since seeped into her bones, but the discomfort was nothing compared with the fear she had of wandering the halls where the Dark Lord dwelled. She now knew that no thought was safe inside her head.Had she made a mistake? Going to Dumbledore had likely been the most dangerous thing she'd ever done. And for what? She lived in terror now more than ever. What if the Dark Lord looked into her mind as Albus had? What would he do if he learned of her betrayal? Terror swept down her spine.She turned aside, desperate for distraction from the thoughts that now tormented her waking hours and seeped into her dreams.There was a frozen fountain in this part of the garden and she stopped to rest on an icy bench and remember a time when things had been simpler. When Spring came, these bushes would bear white roses. She smiled sadly, remembering a night so long ago, before the Manor had been hers.Lucius had invited her to accompany him to a festive ball at his family's home. Such an elaborate feast the Manor had not seen for many years. She longed for those days, when merriment came easily, and politics was the last thing on their minds.They had made an admirable pair. Lucius was the most prominent bachelor in Wizarding Britain and she had been exactly the sort of proper, well-bred Pureblood he should escort. Narcissa was the prettiest of three sisters, and by far the most well-behaved. She had learned long ago that keeping quiet and sitting up straight was enough to garner the approval of anyone who mattered. Flatterers flocked to her side, jealous women sneered but could say nothing, and young men tripped over themselves for her hand in a dance.Lucius was different. He saw right through her quiet, proper façade. He had taken her away from music and the dancing and brought her out here, into the gardens. She remembered being a little nervous. Lucius Malfoy was an important man, and he was very well aware of it. When he looked at her, those piercing blue eyes seemed to see straight through her guise. He dared her to step out of her silence. He wanted to know her. No one else had ever wanted that.It had been here, by this very fountain, that he had turned to her with a devilish grin, dimples pinching his perfect face. With a flourish, he had drawn a white rose right out of the air. That had been before the bushes were planted there, and it had been the reason why."I hear white roses are your favorite," he had said. That had taken her aback. He had taken the time to learn her favorite flower? She had better be careful with this one."You are quite practiced at that," she remarked. She met his eye with a knowing smile, accepting the rose and allowing him to lead her to one of the benches.To her surprise, he had become almost bashful, turning his elegant nose toward the ground and blinking, deep in thought. "I learned that trick before I ever entered Hogwarts," he said. "My parents would have me do it for guests when they wanted to show me off." He grinned almost self-consciously at that. "A proper young gentleman."A murmur of a laugh escaped her. "I'm sure you were charming." She blushed, hiding her face behind the flower, letting its scent envelop her senses. Her heart was pounding oddly in her chest."It got me in trouble once, in fact." He seemed emboldened by her response. Could he be as nervous as she was? "I was very young. Too young to have known any better. And my father and I were walking the streets of Muggle London. I can't remember why. He usually sent servants to Gringotts, so perhaps we were making a visit to Diagon Alley." He stopped, looking over at her."Yes?" she said, smiling politely. Why was her voice so breathless?He turned away, chuckling at the memory, seeming to see it right before his eyes. "There was this little girl, standing with her mother outside of some shop or other. And she was the prettiest thing I had ever seen. I remember catching her eye across the street and having a sudden urge to go to her. So, naturally, I slipped away from my father and I must have crossed the street. I only remember tugging on her sleeve and watching her face light up as I pulled a rose out of the air."She gasped, feeling her prim lips pull away from her teeth in an unladylike smile.He met her eyes, and his double-take was enough to make her pull herself together again. He continued eagerly. "Father was furious, of course. He must have Obliviated them, but all I remember is being dragged back home where he beat me with his cane and told me never to do that again. I was confused. He seemed… afraid. I had never seen my father afraid of anything, and it was a shock to know that he wasn't infallible, as I had previously supposed. I just couldn't understand how a little girl and her mother could frighten the most powerful wizard I had ever known." Lucius had cut off at that, turning back toward her, looking surprised. "I don't' think I've ever told that story before."Narcissa had made a bold choice in that moment. She had reached out and taken Lucius Malfoy's hand. Somehow, she suddenly felt closer to him, like they had broken beyond the wall they'd had between them earlier; a wall she kept up around her at all times. It made her want to open up to him as well. And she had. They had spent that evening talking as neither had ever talked to anyone before. And when they had finally returned to the party, it had been with a new understanding. They had hardly courted three months before Lucius asked for her hand, and he had planted the white roses in her honor.That was what those bushes meant to her, even now. It was something they had shared. They had been partners; a team. And now they had a son. That had been why she'd gone to Albus Dumbledore. She wanted the life they had had back. She needed to mend the marriage they had, and she couldn't do it with the Dark Lord around. His influence had twisted and corrupted her Lucius, taking away the man she had known long ago. Now he lived in fear and shame, working for a man who had promised to take those things away.She had expected Dumbledore to be better than that.And now she wasn't sure. Her world was rotting away and she couldn't leech out the corruption. Now, she didn't know if she was strong enough to try. Dumbledore had tested her and she had broken. She had allowed him to see every part of her mind. She had only earned his suspicion. But she knew, if the Dark Lord ever peered into her mind, her punishment would be far worse.Narcissa stood, her limbs aching from the cold she had hardly noticed until now. She made her way back to the Manor. The halls were empty, but around every corner she expected to see the Dark Lord. By the time she made it back to her chambers, she was practically running, terror pounding in her chest where other feelings used to live. She nearly slammed the door, gasping, choking, slipping down to rest against it on the floor, and sobbing… sobbing for the life, the love, the family she had lost. And knowing that she had made a mistake. She could not go back to Dumbledore. She could not risk any more than she already had. She would be silent and sit up straight and hope the Dark Lord took her for the fool that she was and didn't question her motives. He could never know of her betrayal. He could never look inside her mind. He must never doubt her.She would be faithful to the Dark Lord and cling to what little she had left.…*~*J*~*…:}llorolalluvia









Chapter 68





Chapter Text
Draco shifted uncomfortably in his desk. His mother's letter seemed to burn through the layers of his robes. He should have waited until after the lesson to open it.It wasn't that the content of her letter had been out of the ordinary, but the tone of it had left him feeling uneasy. She was concerned. Something was happening and she couldn't tell him anything. No one could be trusted. Even sending an owl was a risk. But worry had dripped from that letter with every word. Even her handwriting had seemed hastier than her usual elegant scrawl. How on earth was he going to keep this from Severus?The door opened and Granger entered. She turned and pushed the door closed behind her before stalking right up to Draco's desk. The blond was taken aback."I have concerns," said Granger.Draco lifted his eyebrows. "Take your business elsewhere…" He had been about to say 'Mudblood,' but for some reason hadn't quite gotten the word out."You aren't teasing us anymore.""Wha…""Well, in order for this to work, you've got to act normal.""I am…""People are going to get suspicious if you don't start teasing us the way you used to. We're not supposed to have an understanding, remember?""An understanding?" Draco huffed with incredulity. "We don't have an understanding, Granger. What do you think this is? I only tolerate the lot of you because Severus refused to let me have lessons on my own.""Yes, but don't you think someone is going to think it's strange that you're not teasing us?"Draco's temper was beginning to flare inside of him. "Maybe I have other things on my mind besides you three. Maybe I have better things to do.""But the others…""My life doesn't revolve around you! Nobody's going to care if I say things to you or not. We've all got enough to worry…"Granger slammed her hands down on his desk. "They will notice, Draco. We can't afford suspicion. If anyone finds out you told Harry Potter that I'm bound to Severus, we're all dead. You understand? And who do you think is the easiest for them to reach? The three they've been chasing for years? Or the one who lives under the same roof as the Dark Lord?"Fear strangled Draco as he fought to keep his angry eyes on Granger's. Behind her, the door to the classroom opened and easy chatter began to filter into the frame. Granger held his eyes a moment longer, her demand softening into an urgent request. Then she straightened and moved to join her friends.When Severus finally arrived, asking their little group who wanted to go first, everyone slid down in their seats in unison.We do not have an understanding, Draco grumbled to himself. I am not one of them!…*~*J*~*…Severus leaned against the window in Albus's office, staring out at the frozen grounds. One image kept resurfacing in his mind. It was a letter Narcissa had sent to Draco, and it might have been cause for concern."They aren't improving at all?" Albus's voice was patient. Severus could almost imagine the old man standing there, eyes twinkling, hands clasped."Oh, leaps and bounds over where they were," Severus replied. "They just… aren't anywhere near where they need to be.""If they are to face Voldemort?"Severus gritted his teeth, wishing the old man wouldn't use that name around him. "Indeed. Wasn't that the point?""In part," Albus conceded. "But I had other motivations, as well."Severus sighed, pushing away from the window and turning to face the old man."And what of Draco? Any insight?"Severus hesitated. He didn't want Albus to be any more suspicious of Narcissa than he already was. "Nothing worth noting.""Hmmm. And you are certain he isn't Occluding you?""Fairly. I prodded him about his mother and they have been writing each other. Her letters only advise him to be careful." Don't draw attention to yourself, the letter had said. Her writing had looked hurried. It made Severus uneasy, but he wasn't about to admit it to Dumbledore.The old man sighed. "Alright. In that case, why don't we start in on plans for your meeting tonight?"Severus scowled at his employer. His insistence on referring to Death Eater meetings with such cheerful nonchalance grated on the younger man's nerves. "Indeed," he replied, through gritted teeth. The Dark Lord had established a weekly meeting, now that they were firmly established in the Ministry of Magic. That meant that Severus would need information to give his liege lord to maintain his status as an indispensable informant."Good. We have work to do."…*~*J*~*…Hermione's head was pounding. She was trying desperately to catch up on her homework. She had let herself get behind on her reading in nearly every class, and had two papers due tomorrow. She had hardly looked at her Arithmancy essay and was currently working on Transfiguration, pouring over a number of books for information on animal to animal Transfiguration. She knew the next step after that was Animagus Transfiguration, and normally that would excite her to no end. But now, with the end of the world so close at hand, she could hardly concentrate on the text.Two mirrors sat beside her on the sofa, discarded for the moment. She'd been working on that damn Charm for over a week. She'd known that magic allowing for human transportation through mirrors was going to be tricky. But this was impossible. No, no it's not. There's got to be a way. There's just got to."'Mione?"Hermione's head popped up. Ginny was standing over her, looking worried. When the other girl had approached, Hermione couldn't say. She'd been so absorbed in her homework that nothing else could penetrate the fog of concentration."You alright?"Hermione sighed. "Yeah, fine. Just working on my Transfiguration essay. You?""Fine. Listen, you want to get some air?"Harry and Ron appeared behind Ginny, holding broomsticks. "C'mon, 'Mione," said Ron. "Want a go on Harry's broomstick?"Hermione almost smirked at him. He knew good and well she had sworn off flying for the rest of her life. But she didn't have the energy, even for that."You don't have to fly," said Harry. His eyes were worried, too. They seemed to plead with her. "It'll be good just to get out, don't you think?""Oh, I wish I could," she sighed. It came out sounding more like a whine than she had intended. "I still have to write this Transfiguration essay and I haven't even started on Arithmancy.""C'mon 'Mione, please?" said Ron."Just an hour.," said Ginny. "Take it out of your sleep time. It'll be good for you.""Please?" said Harry."I can't. Really. If I don't get these done, then…""Then what, 'Mione?""We're worried about you.""What good will you be to the Cause if your homework kills you?"The comment was like a slap in the face. He was right. It wasn't the end of the world if she didn't finish this paper. A War was upon them. She might have to fight soon. Who knew what awaited them after the inevitable conflict to come. She should spend this time with her friends.Hermione glanced down at the mediocre paper she had started and sighed. She couldn't do it all. Not without a Time Turner. And those were gone. "Alright." She glanced up at her friends in time to see them exchange looks of disbelief. She nodded, as if affirming what she'd already said. "Sure. I'll go down with you. But only for an hour."The air was freezing, even through their many layers. How the boys could stand to fly in this weather was beyond her. And yet, being outside, feeling the fresh wind lashing against her cheeks, savoring the heat of her breath inside the scarf she'd wrapped about her face, made her feel more alive than she had in weeks. Ginny had joined the boys in the sky, so that left Hermione in the stands by herself; no book, no mirrors, nothing she could do in the meantime but sit and enjoy the open air and a moment free from obligations. The flying brooms swooped in dizzying patterns, chasing each other indefinitely. It was almost like a dance.And as she watched, her mind began to drift, and her thoughts began to ebb and flow. And she had an idea.…*~*J*~*…"Yaxley?"The recently appointed Head of Magical Law Enforcement nodded to Lord Voldemort with a sneer. "We're stronger every day, milord. Turns out most Ministry employees don't want to lose their cushy day jobs. Or their family." Malicious laughter snaked through the room. "I've nearly got a majority in the Wizengamot. Wasn't hard. They all crave power, that lot. Just want in on the perks. They know it's coming, see. Soon, the Ministry will be ours."The Dark Lord grinned. It was a terrible sight. "Yesss, my faithful friends. Soon, all that we have worked for will be ourss.""But…my Lord," hissed Bellatrix, appalled, "what of the Potter boy?""Ah, yesss. A slight annoyance. Once we have the Ministry, there will be little he can do. When we seize Hogwartss…""But, Dumbledore…""He is no concern!" Voldemort paused, relaxing back into his chair. "But since you are so worried, Bella, I will humor you. Severus?"Severus straightened in his chair, looking the Dark Lord in the eye and letting only his most faithful thoughts show through. "The old fool still believes he can convince the Ministry of our infiltration. He suspects Thicknesse, but has no way to prove the use of the Imperius Curse. I would not put it past him to attempt to remove the Curse if he were ever given an opportunity."The Dark Lord nodded solemnly. He was gaining confidence by the day. Severus was afraid to let it make him hopeful that the dark wizard would not see their intentions in time. "And has the old man had any success in his attempted persuasions?""Yes. He has recruited a number to his Cause. It is my impression, however, that they are tentative at best.""Good. And what are his plans for the Potter boy?""He has instructed me to be more vigorous in my Defense training. But it is as if he is pulling at straws. The old man grows desperate. He knows he cannot protect the boy forever. It is only a matter of time."Lord Voldemort's eyes narrowed and Severus felt a glimmer of misgiving. "But surely he must be working on some sort of plan."Severus couldn't hesitate. "The most he has said is that Potter must not fall into your hands.""The boy will finish his schooling in a matter of months. Find out where he plans to stash the boy then.""Yes, my Lord." Severus could not breathe a sigh of relief. But he felt it wash over him, draining a tension he hadn't noticed until now.When the meeting adjourned, Severus was careful to leave the room alone, between groups of his brothers exiting together. Unnoticed, he slipped away from the Entrance Hall and made his way to the Grand Ballroom. It was eerie when it was empty and dark. And so large. He noticed the mirrors adorning the walls: enormous, magnificent, perfect. Idly, he pulled a small compass from the pockets of his robes, glancing just once at its surface before putting it away.Voices echoed in the hallways. A few members had lingered, talking business and hate around the Dining Room table. The rest had already left the grounds. Silent, watchful, Severus slinked through the corridors, toward a particular room.Frightened eyes met his when she opened the door. "Severus? What…""Hush." He pushed past her into the opulent bedroom and slid the door closed. "You've been avoiding me.""You can't be here!" she hissed in an angry whisper. Her eyes darted around the room. "If they see you…""They won't see me." He reached for her wrists, steadying her anxious movements and containing her all at once. "Narcissa, I haven't heard from you."She tried to pull away, but he tightened his grip. Her eyes met his with such outrage at his insolence that he released her hands."Forgive me," he said.She folded her arms.Severus decided to try a different tactic. "Albus informed me of your meeting.""Meeting?!"Severus winced. "Yes. I apologize for the way you were treated. I did not know he would… but you must understand that it was necessary.""Humph!" Narcissa's indignation was fighting for dominance with the fear behind her eyes. She was terrified."And even then, having full access to the deepest recesses of your mind, he was not convinced you can be trusted."The woman was fuming. Perhaps this was a bad plan after all."Narcissa, you do understand the stakes? If we work together, we can win. I'm certain of it."Narcissa bit her bottom lip, turning away. She ran a hand through her silvery hair, mussing it. Her stance was anxious.This was his chance. He had to convince her. "Narcissa, you need to convince Albus you are on our side. It is imperative that he believes you. We… we have a plan. And it could work. But, we need you to do it." He was taking a tremendous risk. If she betrayed him, he was a dead man. But, then again, she already had enough on him to do that. "There is a way," he continued when she didn't respond. Her frame was still. She was listening to him. "Albus… has requested that… you make an Unbreakable Vow."She whipped around, her face a study in shock. "He dares?""Narcissa, you must understand. How else can he be sure? We would be putting our entire plan at risk…""Your plan…" she was nodding, but she also seemed upset. "We'd be putting your plan at risk? What about my family? If…" she paused, looking around suspiciously before continuing in a lower voice. "If the Dark Lord ever looks into my mind, he'll kill us all. I have risked enough.""Listen to reason, Narcissa." Improbably, this only made her angrier. "Please. If you do this… we can win. We can… defeat Him. Isn't that what you want?"Narcissa bowed her head, emotions running across her face. She was confused. She was afraid. She was vulnerable. She had to come to their side. But when she lifted her face, it was clear that fear had won. "I can't.""You…""I can't. I'm sorry, Severus. I can't do what you ask.""Albus will not go ahead with the plan until he is convinced…""No, Severus. You don't understand. I can't help you… with any of this. I can't help you at all. I live with the Dark Lord! I dine with him! I walk the same corridors! If he ever saw into my mind…""He will never suspect…""I can't take that risk, Severus. Albus showed me how vulnerable I am. If my deepest thoughts can be plucked from my head at a whim…""I can teach you Occlumency! Narcissa, we need you. Don't you want this to be over? Don't you want things to be the way they were?""Of course I do! But you would know that, wouldn't you? You've seen my deepest thoughts! Don't think I don't know Albus told you all about it.""He hasn't told me anything…""Well you're right! I do want things to be as they were. But they can't be. They never will be. All I can do is hold on to what I have left. I cannot do as you ask. I cannot help you, Severus." She began ushering him toward the door."Narcissa, please," he begged, trying in vain to stay in the room without resorting to force."No," she told him, opening the door and pushing him out into the hall. Her face was set in stone, like her decision. "I'm sorry."…*~*J*~*…
Thank you so much for Reading! I would love to hear what you thought about this Chapter!

LOVE

:} llorolalluvia










Chapter 69





Chapter Text
Hermione chewed her lip as she watched Harry gather his nerve. Her mind had been elsewhere all during their D.A. practice, but now she was focused on him."You've all done very well," he was saying. It was not unlike anything he'd ever told them after a lengthy practice. But his tone was different this time. "We have all learned a lot from these practices," he paused, glancing around at each of them. "And we have always known that one day we might need to use what we have learned." There was a tense silence, an anxious shuffling of weight, a sense of camaraderie. Everyone present understood. "Real danger lurks around the corner. It could come any day. We need to be ready." At that, he lifted a small silver chest (a beautiful object borrowed from Dumbledore) and placed it on a stool, opening the lid to reveal dozens of simple, silver rings. Hermione knew the Headmaster had given such rings to the members of the Order, as well."These have been charmed like our Galleons," he told them. "They are to be used only in the event of a battle. When that time comes, they will grow hot to the touch with a summons to meet me here, in the Room of Requirement. And when that happens, you will have to make a choice. Ignore my summons, because it will mean danger or even death. Or join me and be part of the force that defeats the Dark Lord for good."For a long moment, no one said a word. Then Ron stepped forward and took a ring out of the chest, turning to stand beside his best mate and raising his ring high in the air. Hermione felt chills run down her arms. Ginny stepped forward next and Hermione followed, standing beside her friends as the others took rings one by one. Luna and Neville, Seamus and Dean, Parvati and Lavender, Cho, and so many more. Gryffindors. Ravenclaws. Hufflepuffs. And they stood around, beaming at Harry, holding their rings aloft.For one long, proud moment, they felt invincible.…*~*J*~*...Lucius was a sight. His eyes were bloodshot. His clothes were unkempt. His hair was mussed and fraying on the ends. He slumped in his chair, leaning on one hand and balancing a healthy serving of brandy in the other."Does your mudblood have sisters?" he croaked. Even the suave manner of his voice had fallen away."No."Lucius sighed dramatically. "Some men have all the luck." He shifted his posture in the chair, sinking even lower, and took an inelegant gulp from the crystal glass. "Would that Narcissa had been born an only child." Severus did not respond and finally Lucius got to the point he was trying to make. "Darling Bellatrix grows more restless every day. She's driving me insane.""It's catching, is it?""Ha. She seems to think we're making no progress as long as we aren't killing anyone. She has no concept of politics.""No. She doesn't seem the sort.""She screams about the Order and Potter and Dumbledore. She rants about war. She is suspicious of everyone, even to the point of accusing her own sister and myself. She's a rabid bitch. I long to put her out of her misery.""It's worse than before then?"Lucius gave him a long-suffering stare. "Her stamina is impressive. How anyone manages to stay so passionate so long eludes me""Hmmmm. Well, when the Dark Lord is settled onto his rightful throne, Bella will have no reason to live with you anymore."Lucius looked doubtful. He stared off into space, seeming to picture it, and cringing. "But you didn't come to talk about my sister-in-law." the blond man said at last."No.""Then what is it?" Lucius clearly had no patience for civility right now."I had hoped to ask a favor of you, old friend."Lucius only laughed; one sharp, humourless bark."I need access to the Department of Transportation, once again. I had hoped we might make another arrangement." It was an idea that Hermione had had last night, watching her friends fly on broomsticks. The Department of Transportation already had the knowledge they were seeking. After all, were there not portals to enter the Ministry of Magic, itself? "Today is my birthday, after all," Severus continued, "and Hermione was not aware. She is upset with me for not giving her notice to find the right gift, so she's bound to be anxious to please me tonight."To his surprise, this did not have the desired effect. Lucius only stared at the carpet, looking sincerely glum. It was more alarming than any of his earlier dramatic performance. "I have no appetite for such things, Severus. I only want Narcissa."Severus was more than dismayed. Hermione had had no success with her mirror portals, yet. This was their only hope. And they needed it to work. "Come now, Lucius. You may not think so now, but perhaps you'll change your mind later on. Won't you consider? It is my birthday."Lucius met his eye at that. Behind the weariness and depression there was an intelligence that made Severus's stomach drop. "Urgent business, is it?" Understanding passed between their eyes and in that moment Severus was sure the other man knew his treason."A little project of mine," Severus replied, his voice weak. It sounded rehearsed and false, and Lucius saw right through him."So you want me to do you a favour, is that it? Knowing nothing of this little 'project' of yours?" The man's lips twisted into a mischievous grin. "And perhaps one day I'll need a favour in return. Will you be there for me, old friend?" The question was full of layers and subtleties, but Severus read it plain as day. He knows. And this was not a test. It was a bargain. If he agreed, it would be a promise to protect his old friend if the Dark Lord were to fall. But it would also serve as a confession that that was the end he was working to achieve.…*~*J*~*..."That was bloody brilliant," said Ron, plopping down on one of the couches in the Common Room, leaning back, and putting his dirty shoes up on the table. "Never knew you had such a flair for the dramatics."Ginny snorted. "Didn't you?""Yeah, I guess I did get a bit carried away." Harry dipped his head, blushing."Bloody brilliant.""It is reassuring, isn't it?" said Hermione. "Seeing everyone give you their support like that?""Well, there's no knowing who will actually show up…""Oh, they'll come," said Ginny, planting a kiss on Harry's forehead, suspiciously close to his scar. "How can they not, after all that?"Ron put his feet down, leaning forward with excitement. "Yeah, I mean, you made me feel right hopeful. Where'd that come from?"Harry shrugged. "I dunno. When Dumbledore gave me the rings, we sat and talked for a bit. About stuff.""Yeah? Like what?""Well, Voldemort, mostly. What he was like as a child. How he was an orphan. It gave me a different perspective. I mean, he had a right terrible childhood, you know."Hermione suppressed the urge to remind Harry that she had said the exact same things to him. "So you think it helped?""Yeah, maybe. He had some old memories of his and of… Tom's. He said it would help if I call him 'Tom.' He was always so… sad. It made me feel bad for him.""That's really good news, Harry.""Yeah. Yeah, I think so.""We should celebrate!" Ginny raised an invisible glass in the air. The boys murmured their agreement, grinning. It was good to see them so hopeful. Hermione hadn't realized how downtrodden they had been until now."I can't," said Hermione, hoisting her bookbag higher over her shoulder. "I need to go over some papers from the Ministry that Severus got today. If I'm lucky, I might be able to finish the Mirror Portal Charm before tonight.""What's tonight?""Severus's birthday."There was a murmur of "Oh," from the group that sounded remarkably like "Ew," and the boys studiously avoided her eye."Oooohooo, is that so?" cooed Ginny, waggling her eyebrows. "Planning to celebrate? Do you need my help getting dressed? I know a great Charm to make clothes fit nice and snug. Oh, that lace I gave you would be gorgeous in Slytherin green!"Hermione could feel her face growing warm, and the boys were acting superbly uncomfortable. But she took the ideas to heart. "I think I can manage. Thanks Gin.""Anytime," the redhead responded with a wink, settling herself more comfortably against her boyfriend's side. "Wish the old bastard happy birthday for us.""Of course."…*~*J*~*...The floor of the empty classroom they had found was cold beneath Draco's back, but Luna's lap made for a lovely pillow. And he had to admit he quite liked the way she stroked his hair. Lovingly."My father was always an angry person," he was saying. "I remember him going on long rants about the way it used to be and what should rightfully be ours. He believed it was disgraceful the way we hid in shadows from the Muggles. He would say that they were stupid creatures and that our hiding from them was like a wolf hiding from a flock of sheep. And I would get angry right along with him. I would think… wouldn't it be fantastic to be able to do magic wherever I wanted. And the Muggles would bow down to me like a king. Of course I wanted it. Is that so bad?""Anyone would have felt that way if they were you, I think."Draco sighed. Luna always understood. She didn't blame him. And he realised that what he really feared was that shame, and the guilt that went along with it. If he let himself consider that he'd been wrong all this time, he felt awfully guilty. But she didn't blame him. She understood. Of course he would feel that way, with his parents and life experiences.He shifted a bit, making himself more comfortable in her lap. "Do you know, to this day I've never once talked to a Muggle. Can you believe that?""Yes. You've never had a reason to, really.""Have you?""Not really, but I've talked to them all the same. We live very close to a Muggle village, you see. Daddy and I enjoy visiting them and pretending we're Muggles, as well. It's quite fun, really. Like we're secret agents of a sort."Draco smiled. "Do you think we could do that sometime? You and me?""Pretend to be Muggles?""Yes, and… and talk to them?""Of course we can. But I think you'll be disappointed. They're not so different, really. I always thought maybe they were. They're quite different from Daddy and me. But then, so are most witches and wizards." Draco snorted and then was immediately afraid that he might have hurt Luna's feelings, but she just laughed through her nose in that adorable way of hers and ran her fingers through his hair. "I have doubts too, sometimes," she confessed. "Sometimes, I think maybe Daddy hasn't really seen a Crumple-horned Snorkak. But then I think he needs to believe that he's right about them, because if he's wrong about that then he could be wrong about everything. And then, maybe, that could mean Mother died in vain."Draco sat up, looking into Luna's dreamy blue eyes. She had such an unexpected effect on him. No one else made him feel so ripped open and yet completely whole all at once. "You know, I could never talk to anyone else the way I talk to you.""Not yet, maybe," she said. "But nobody stays the same forever. One day you'll be happier, I think.""I'm happy right now," he heard himself say. And then he blushed. But she just brought a hand to his cheek and looked into his eyes in a way nobody else ever had."I love you too," she told him. He stopped himself from correcting her and let her pull his face closer to hers for a kiss. "Have you heard the Tale 'The Warlock's Hairy Heart?'""Yes, but tell it to me anyway." It was one of his favorite things, having Luna recant fairy tales from his childhood. She always remembered so much more than he did, and sometimes he thought maybe she'd heard a completely different version, or maybe she was making all of it up. So he lied back down, settling his head in her lap, and closed his eyes so he could picture the scene. And Luna began to tell him the Tale, while gently stroking his hair. And for the moment everything seemed right with the world.…*~*J*~*...Hermione jumped up and down, squealing with excitement. It worked! It really worked! All the time she had spent working on the Mirror Charm had finally paid off!She stopped her squealing for a moment, just long enough to squat down by her bed and watch Crookshanks' catnip mouse perform the most beautiful feat of magic. Two mirrors sat beside each other on the mattress and the little mouse alternated between the two, popping out of one only to fall back into its own reflection and then popping out of the other. It reminded Hermione of Newton's Cradle. Idly, she wondered if it would continue forever, unlike Newton's own, imperfect perpetual motion device. But it couldn't rest on the surface of one either, could it? Would it disappear into the void? Well, it wasn't something she could test right now. And anyway, she had a birthday to prepare for.A scant hour later, Hermione studied her reflection with admiration. She certainly did have a knack for Transfiguration. With just an old set of school robes, she had managed to procure an exquisite, slinky black dress. The fit was snug, accentuating her curves, and the heart neckline was subtle but sexy. Velvety cap sleeves left her shoulders and collarbone exposed. She looked like a pinup from the forties. This in mind, she tamed back her curls into a sexy coif that she hoped Severus would like. Underneath, she wore the lace undergarments Ginny had given her, but she had taken the redhead's advice. She'd turned them green.When she was ready, she undid the Charm concealing her ring and sent him a message. And then she waited. It wasn't long, but standing still seemed impossible right now. Her whole body was thrumming with excitement. They were so close. They were really going to do this. They were going to win the War.Severus gave her very little warning before Summoning her directly into his chambers. She squealed and then laughed, pent up energy rippling off of her like shockwaves. When she landed in front of him, she immediately threw her arms around his neck."Severus! Happy birthday."He let her kiss him, but was clearly overwhelmed by the attention. "Er, thanks.""I wish you had told me. I would have done more to celebrate." In truth, she was almost relieved not to have to find another present for him. It would have been difficult to outdo the Key she'd given him for Christmas."Nonsense. It's just another day. How is the spell coming along?"She knew he was attempting to distract her, but couldn't help herself. "Wonderful! Let me show you." She pulled away from him and went to the nearest flat surface, the table piled high with notes that sat in front of the couch, and set her mirrors down upon it. "Watch and see," she told him, grinning. Relishing the moment, she held the little catnip mouse over one of the mirrors, and let it fall.Severus didn't so much as gasp, but she could see his reaction in the way his body went still. "Remarkable. You've done it." The words were mechanical and Hermione sensed something like dread behind them.It didn't diminish her enthusiasm, however. "I know! Can you believe it?! We're one step closer to winning the War! Now, all we need is for Harry to come up with a strong enough emotion-which, by the way, is not as far off as it might seem-and for Narcissa to come around so she can implement the Charm on the other side. Of course, we still need to make a plan of attack, but at least the Order has those rings now…""Hermione." Severus had slowly sunk down onto the couch."Yes?""Let's think about that later, shall we? Tonight, I don't want to think about anything.""Well, that will be quite a challenge, won't it?" said Hermione, leaning over him to put her hands on his shoulders, and grinning down into his face. "Alright. It's your birthday. I'm all yours."A wicked glint came into his eye at that and his gaze trailed down her velvet-clad body. "You look beautiful.""Thank you." Her voice was suddenly breathless."Come. I want to take you somewhere.""Somewhere?""Yes. Be patient. I'll need to dress less conspicuously." At that he stood, and she followed him into the bedroom."Oh, are we going out?""Yes.""Are you sure that's wise?""No one will know us where we're going, Hermione. And anyway… it's my birthday."Severus's choice of rather Muggle attire made Hermione uneasy and excited all at once. They were leaving the castle together, on a date it seemed. She'd never dreamed of such a grand opportunity. And yet, something about it made her anxious. They should be lying low right now, not going out in public together. But she silenced these concerns and simply allowed herself to enjoy the way her lover looked in a fine, black jumper; scarf; and long, wool winter coat. Then, they climbed to the apparition point and he kissed the top of her head before whisking them away.Hermione had certainly never been here before. It was some part of England. In the North perhaps? They emerged from an alley onto a cold street full of shops. A few people clustered here and there or walked the sidewalks in either direction. Shop windows glowed faintly against the slowly settling dusk. Music played somewhere in the distance. Severus offered her his arm."Where are we?""Cokeworth.""This is where you live?"To her surprise, he snorted. "Hardly. But, yes, this is the town where I live. This is its grandest street, and we are headed to its finest restaurant.""We… we are?"He glanced down at her. "Is something the matter?""Well, no…""Good. Because today is my birthday, damn it all, and this is how I wish to spend it."Hermione had never taken Severus for a "birthday" kind of guy. But she said nothing. Soon, he was holding open a door for her, the air frosting around it as waves of heat poured out.The restaurant was cozy and warm, lit by candlelight and dark, sultry chandeliers. There was a raised platform at the far end where a woman sat before a piano, singing a slow, romantic tune into the microphone. A few couples stood together on the open floor near the piano, holding each other and swaying slowly. This was the last sort of place she had ever expected to find Severus Snape."I've never been here before," he admitted when she caught him glancing around with as much curiosity as her. "We used to pass it on our way to the market when I was a child. I have always wanted to see it."Hermione's heart squeezed, and she realized she was holding her breath. This sudden nostalgia, his lack of excitement over her success with the Charm, what did it mean?They were seated in a shadowy booth and Severus promptly bought a bottle of champagne. Hermione's eyes bulged at the price. What is he doing? But it was his birthday. And they had a lot to celebrate. And she didn't know how much he made as a professor at Hogwarts, anyway. Besides, he probably never splurged on anything besides books and potions ingredients, so maybe he just had the money. But part of her couldn't shake the fact that this was very odd behaviour for the aloof professor. Very odd behaviour, indeed.The champagne was superb, and Severus's winking grin made it all the more enjoyable. And when their dinner arrived, it was like nothing Hermione had ever tasted. Everything was absolutely delectable. The meat was so tender, the vegetables so artfully spiced. She'd never known anything like it.And all the while, they talked of little things, keeping the deeper discussions at bay. It was lovely."You really do look beautiful tonight," Severus said, leaning across the table to take her hand after their plates were cleared away."Thank you." She could feel her face growing warm."Would you care for a dance?"She nearly snorted champagne before she realised he was serious. "What?""Come now. I want to dance with you out in the open." While I can, his words seemed to imply. She gulped, her throat suddenly dry."Alright then."And so he led her out onto the floor before the singer, and he pulled her close. And they swayed with the music, like the other couples, holding each other for all the world to see.And Hermione's heart squeezed hard in her chest, trembling and aching with fear.…*~*J*~*...He took her back to his home in Spinner's End. She had been here once before, but she probably didn't remember that. It had been after that horrible revel, and she had fallen asleep in his arms. So much had happened between them since then. It still shocked him.The stairs creaked under their weight as he took her up to his bedroom. She glanced around in polite curiosity as he pulled off the jumper to reveal a starched, white button-up beneath. Somehow, he felt more vulnerable here, in his father's house. Here, he was not Professor Snape, Potions Master and Head of Slytherin House. Here, he was only Severus, a confused young man whose life had been full of tragedy so far and only promised more in the near future.He moved closer to the girl, part of him thanking Lucius for not wanting to intrude on this. She was so beautiful, her eyes dark and full of deep emotion. Her skin glowed in the light of the candles he had lit. Her dress looked so soft and clung to her in such a tantalising way. And yet, right now, part of him only wanted to hold her. Maybe she felt the same way, because in that moment, she wrapped her arms around his neck and buried her face in his shoulder. His arms reacted by wrapping around her and pulling her close."Thank you for everything, Severus," she purred. "I only wish I had gotten you a gift."Severus opened his mouth to speak, hesitated a long moment, then said "These past few months with you have been a gift." Heat flared in his cheeks and he grit his teeth, expecting her to pull away and laugh in his face for such words. And she did pull away to glance up into his face, her eyes wide with wonder. But then she tangled her fingers in his hair and pulled him gently down to meet her mouth. It was a tender kiss, soft with sentiment, and Severus had never felt so vulnerable. With her in his arms, he didn't want for anything else in the world. But that made him so aware of his tentative grasp. It would be so easy to lose her. Hell, he would likely lose her very soon. At least, he would be gone; into the oblivion; over; nothing; done. The certainty of it made him shake with fear and she pulled away, moving toward the bed and fingering the hemline of her dress.Severus took a breath, pushing away his fears, wanting to enjoy this moment, to burn it into a memory that might not last much longer. He needed to lose himself in her. So he stepped closer, reaching down to tease the simple boundary of her skirt as their lips met once again. His fingers brushed her soft warm skin, slowly inching the velvet higher and higher up her thigh. He wanted to throw her down onto the bed and take her roughly. He wanted to curl up beside her and cry into her hair. Instead, he pulled her dress up over her head and couldn't help a small smile at the surprise. His little minx was in Slytherin green. And damn if she didn't look good in that color. He bent to brush his lips against the lace covering her breast, opening his mouth over the edge of it and gently raking his teeth across her tender skin.Hermione gasped involuntarily and he responded by hoisting her onto the bed and covering her body with his own. He kissed her tenderly, pouring into that touch every confession he could never make. She couldn't know. But he wanted to tell her, somehow, that they would not be together much longer. They needed to savour it while it lasted.And so he pressed his face into her hair, breathing in the scent of her. With deft hands, he explored every inch of her body, wanting to know her completely. And as she arched against him, he gasped into the night air, letting himself be lost in the moment with her.Once he was inside of her, it was as if there was nothing else in the world. All of the Universe had transpired to bring this moment about. All he could feel was the pleasure and pain of having perfection and knowing it wouldn't last. And he was filled with emotion so vast that he was sure his body could not withstand it.And as they came down, settling into the motheaten sheets of his ancient bed at Spinner's End, he kissed the top of her curly head and whispered to her in the dark. "I love you."..*~*J*~*...









Chapter 70





Chapter Text
…*~*J*~*..."You sabotaged our plan!" Severus was shouting. "You knew Narcissa was afraid, and you made sure to scare her off for good." He was pacing in Albus's office, glaring down at the serenely twinkling older man. He wanted to throttle the bastard."I had to be certain she could be trusted. It turns out, I was right to have my doubts.""She wanted to help! She came to our side, at great personal risk, and you sent her away terrified! Do you realise what you've done? The pieces are falling into place. Hermione's plan is the best we've ever had, and we need Narcissa to implement it.""Narcissa Malfoy's motives revolve around the well-being of her family. Had she acquired information about the plan to which you so zealously refer, she would have been praised and rewarded beyond measure to deliver it straight to Tom.""Nothing he can do will restore her family the way his absence would. She has learned the hard way what his influence can do. It isn't glory she is after. It's security. For her family.""And that is not something we can provide."Severus slammed his fists down on the old man's desk, at a loss for a response. They needed Narcissa. The rest of the plan would be futile without her. There was no way he could implement the Charm in the Manor, himself. She was the only one who could do it. "She would have agreed to the Vow if you hadn't brutalized her mind first."Albus had the sense to look ashamed, at that. "Perhaps. There is no way to know that now, but I am inclined to believe otherwise."Severus snorted, shaking his head at the ceiling. He'd been angry all day. He wasn't sure why. Now that he had accepted his fate, he hated the feeling of powerlessness. Really, he shouldn't be so upset about this setback. Postponing the battle postponed his inevitable death. It meant more time with Hermione. But time with Hermione had become torture. He could not enjoy her presence without acknowledging the sharp ache deep inside of him that screamed that he could not have her forever. Everything is temporary. Nothing lasts. It will all be over soon.There was a knock at the door. "Ah. That will be Harry. Come in!"Potter's step faltered when he caught Severus's glaring gaze. "Hullo Professor," he said.Severus ignored the boy, turning to the Headmaster to bid him good day. Albus cut him off. "Severus. Though I know you may find it hard to believe, Harry and I have been working on Hermione's plan. As it is also a priority of yours, I am sure you will do everything in your power to assist."Severus glared at his employer. He could sense a trap. "What do you want, Albus?""Ah, well, you see, I had thought that Harry might benefit from borrowing a certain belonging of yours. It is my belief that prolonged exposure to the emotion will help him to feel it even in the most unlikely of circumstances." The old man had the nerve to grin.Severus said nothing as he stuffed a hand into one of the pockets of his frock coat and withdrew a tiny, golden key. He thrust his fist out to Potter, then hesitated when the boy lifted a hand to catch the object. "You will return this to me," he told the boy. Potter nodded. But he was having a hard time letting go of it. "If you lose this, Potter…""I won't. I know what it means, Professor."Severus scowled down at the boy, but he let the prized object tumble from his hand. Potter's eyes grew wide the moment it touched his skin, regardless of the fact that the little brat had held the thing before. Without another word, Severus turned on his heel and swept from the room. After all, he consoled himself, he didn't need the key to feel Hermione's love. The emotion was inside of him, too.…*~*J*~*...Hermione was trying to eat her potatoes and write an essay for Transfiguration all at once. She hadn't been so exhausted since third year, when she'd used the Time Turner. She was in the middle of a bite and a sentence when someone covered her eyes with their hands. She shrieked, throwing a fork full of potatoes and a quill full of ink in opposite directions down the table."Peeka boo. I see you," cooed Luna's voice as she removed her hands, completely oblivious to Hermione's startled reaction.Breathless, Hermione turned in her seat, staring into the odd girl's serene face. "Hello Luna.""Draco sent me," Luna whispered, cupping her hand to her mouth, conspiratorially. "He wants you to know that he told the other Slytherins that he found you crying in the dungeons late last night. I know that isn't very nice, but he has to keep up appearances, after all." She shrugged. "In case you were wondering why they're laughing at you." Then she skipped off without another word, and Hermione was left feeling very confused.She glanced across at the Slytherin table. Sure enough, a half dozen Slytherins immediately brought their fists to their eyes, miming crying, and laughed hysterically at her shocked expression. Draco climbed up onto the bench, in full prat mode, and gave a dramatic performance for his peers. Hermione had to remember to scowl at them before she turned back to her dinner with a secret smile. Much better, Draco. Much better, indeed.…*~*J*~*...After dinner, Harry snuck away to the Room of Requirement and set himself up for practice. Professor Dumbledore had really motivated him to be serious about this love thing. Hermione's plan really was brilliant. And, maybe it wasn't so impossible, after all.The Room had been transformed into what felt like a holy place. Sunlight filtered in through pale, stained glass to fall upon a mosaic floor. Flowering vines climbed columns all around him. Dumbledore had created the room, and Harry felt oddly at peace here, the outside world falling away from him as he took his place on a bare pallet in the center of the floor. He could imagine spending time here even after this was all said and done. Perhaps whenever he wanted to clear his mind.He placed the pensieve on the ground before him. Then, emptying the vial of memories Dumbledore had given him into the bowl, he withdrew the little golden key that held Hermione's love, and bent over the pensieve for another go.Strong emotion coursed through him as he stared down into the memory below. Dumbledore was walking down a Hogwarts corridor. Harry couldn't be sure yet which one. And then he was falling from the vaulted ceiling and landing hard on the flagstone floor. The chill of Winter was more pervasive here, sapping his body of the little heat he had and seeping into his bones. The castle was quiet, and he imagined it must have been during Christmas hols. Dumbledore walked beside him, looking decades younger, yet still so old.There was a boy up ahead, staring out the window. He must have been in his Third year, here. Harry was becoming more familiar with Tom's face: the subtle transformations from year to year, the differences in haircut. The difference in attitude. He was growing to know Tom Riddle, as Dumbledore had. One memory at a time."Hello Tom," Professor Dumbledore said, stopping beside the boy."Hello, Professor." Tom clearly didn't want to chat."Are you having a nice holiday?"Tom only shrugged. He seemed indifferent, but Harry could see that he was glum. His heart went out to the boy; the orphan with no family to return to and no friends left in the castle this Christmas.The memory transformed and suddenly they were sitting at a table in the Great Hall. All of the other tables had been swept to the side for the day and everyone present sat at one long table in the middle. All of the students were busy pulling Christmas poppers, adorning themselves in silly hats, throwing confetti at each other, and laughing hysterically. All except for one sullen boy at the end.The memory transformed. They were ascending the steps to the Astronomy Tower. Outside, standing beside the railing and staring out at the distant mountains, was Tom. The sun had set, but the sky was not yet dark. Albus approached the stiff, young man. He was not wearing more than his school robes, yet the air was freezing. It was more than disconcerting."Is it true, Tom?" Dumbledore asked. Tom said nothing. "Did you break Miss Jeffries' new telescope?""It was an accident." There was a pause. "And anyway, she deserved it, the way she kept blabbering on about it."Dumbledore was silent. He studied the boy before him with those piercing eyes. "Do you feel better now?"Tom hesitated for a long moment, his eyes fixed on the ground below. Then, he seemed to decide something, squaring his shoulders and turning to his professor. "Yes. I do."…*~*J*~*...Severus had never been more bored at a meeting with the Dark Lord. They had begun to gather weekly for updates on the progress they were making. The meetings, themselves, had grown as boring as Order meetings. Except that the news was always bad and often world-imperiling. This week, they planned to implement a registry for Muggle-borns."But my Lord," cried Bellatrix, interrupting Yaxley's boasting about his control in the department of Magical Law Enforcement. "What about Potter? Have you forgotten…""Patienccce, Bella. Already, there is little Potter can do. We will soon have the entire Ministry under our control. Then, it will be all too easy to dispose of him.""But Dumbledore…""Quiet. Potter will be dealt with. Have no fear. For the moment, the old fool is wasssting his efforts trying to convince the Ministry to lisssten to him. They will not listen, of coursse. Because they already know. I have more power than he doesss, now. Soon, nothing will stand in my way.""But…""Severus! What newsss of Potter?"Severus didn't miss a beat. "There is never any news of Potter," he spat. "The brat remains incompetent, ignored by Albus in his panic to save the Ministry. Fool that he is, he has begun to neglect even his Occlumency training. It is as if he is rebelling against Dumbledore for neglecting him."Lord Voldemort looked pleased. "And your little mudblood? What doesss she tell her little friend?""She nags him constantly to practice his Occlumency, as well as to finish his homework and study for his upcoming NEWTS. It increases his anxiety. He is restless. If it were not for his dear Headmaster keeping a close eye on him, I have no doubt that he would have slipped out of the castle by now to corner you on his own. Such is his arrogance."The Dark Lord laughed. "I can well imagine it. But soon, the old fool will not be around to protect him." Was he talking about the summer, when the boy would leave Hogwarts and no longer live under Albus's watchful eye? Severus hoped so, but the statement made his stomach twist with dread. "And what of Dumbledore's little band of fools?""They are worried," Severus said. "I must confess that they have become less trusting of me, and more careful to hide as much as they can, but even so I have noticed their concern. There is discontent within their ranks. They are beginning to realise just how foolish they have been. I would not be surprised if some of them were to join us very soon.""And they will be welcomed," Lord Voldemort proclaimed, spreading his arms in an arrogant gesture. Severus wanted to cringe away from him. "We are constantly looking to swell our ranks. In fact, we are in the process of recruiting as we speak." He glanced around the table at his followers. This was not news to any of them. Their Lord had been recruiting ever since he'd regained his powers. But his tone suggested something more. "Ssome of you will very ssoon be honoured for your loyalty to me. For, while the numbers of my followers have steadily increasssed, the true inner circle has remained the ssame. None have taken the Dark Mark in quite some time. But that is ssoon to change. Many of you have sonss and daughterss soon to finish their schooling at Hogwarts and Durmstrang, among otherss. It is my great pleasure to formally invite all of them to take the Mark when the school year endss."Silence. These were the sorts of words that took a moment to set in. Then, his brothers began to cheer. Most of them, Severus knew, were entirely sincere about it. But across the table, he caught Lucius's laughing eye (the man was a born performer), and in that moment Severus knew his true concern. He should have been worried, as well, but instead he was filled with hope. This changed everything. When Narcissa heard, she'd be desperate-desperate enough to make an Unbreakable Vow. Because Draco Malfoy would be finishing school soon. He would have no choice but to take the Mark.And they couldn't let that happen.…*~*J*~*...
I hope you enjoyed it! Please let me know what you think!

LOVE

:} llorolalluvia










Chapter 71





Chapter Text
"Before we go," Narcissa said, meeting Severus's gaze with her own red-rimmed, uncertain ones, "can you just tell me, as a friend…"-they both knew this was a stretch considering the circumstances-"do we have a chance? A real chance?"Severus looked her in the eye and let himself be as open as he could be. "If you join us, Narcissa, we will almost certainly win."In the Headmaster's office, Severus held his wand steady over the clasped hands of Narcissa Malfoy and Albus Dumbledore. It felt like he was sealing his fate. But also that of the Wizarding World. With Narcissa on their side, they would surely win. And he would die."Narcissa," he intoned in his most severe voice, silvery magic pouring from the end of his wand, "do you vow to support, to the best of your ability, the Cause of the Order of the Phoenix to vanquish the Dark Lord?""I do.""Do you vow to keep the secrets of the Order and to make no effort to reveal them?""I do.""Do you vow to do everything in your power to assist the members of the Order of the Phoenix, whenever possible?""I do."The silvery thread tangled once more around their joined hands before tapering off with one final, sparkling flash.They looked at Severus, who nodded. The magic was complete. The Vow was in place. It could not be broken. Narcissa lifted her tear-streaked face to her new master and met his eye with proud resolve. She would help them defeat the Dark Lord, or die.Severus led Narcissa down to the dungeons, toward his chambers. She had come in the wee hours of the morning. It was not like Narcissa to be rash, so Severus assumed she must have thought she would lose her nerve if she didn't commit immediately.He beckoned the terrified mother into his office, fighting the urge to rub his tired eyes. They were aching with a lack of sleep. Odd. Not so very long ago, he had spent most of his nights in waking torment, often only finding the peace of sleep just before dawn. She has changed me in more ways than one.They had decided that Narcissa should be shown his Apparition point and allowed access that way. It would not go unnoticed if she were to start showing up at the castle gates every few days. So, Severus led her through his bedroom (which made him markedly uncomfortable) and showed her the little door that led to the cavern beyond, where she could disembark. She had also been given a ring."I will contact you shortly," Severus said. He wanted to thank her somehow-a strange impulse-but he had not the energy. Besides, the gratitude would have been a bit forced. He was dreading the battle that now seemed right around the corner.Narcissa nodded and was gone.And that was that. Luckily, today was Saturday and Severus could go back to sleep and stay in bed as long as he damn well pleased. Slinking back into his chambers, Severus pushed all thoughts of Narcissa and War from his mind, and fell straight to sleep.…*~*J*~*...Hermione didn't even feel remotely guilty about going to Hogsmeade with her friends. The Charm for the Mirrors was finally complete (although they had yet to test it on humans), Harry was well on his way to fulfilling his part of the plan, and her Transfiguration essay was finished a full two days early. She deserved an outing, and maybe some butterbeer.The twins were waiting for them at The Three Broomsticks, saving a table in the corner of the room. Harry had decided, rather wisely, to stay behind. So, Ron, Ginny, and Hermione sifted through the crowded room toward the table. As they had discussed, they kept their expressions grim. It would not do to have all of Hogsmeade know that Harry Potter's friends were relieved and feeling optimistic. Act like everyone's a Death Eater, Severus had told them. The twins looked anxious, too, and Hermione couldn't tell if it was an act or not."Evening gents," said Fred, sounding solemn. Hermione met Ginny's humourless eye."We are gathered here today…" George cut off as Ginny smacked the side of his head."Cut it out!" she hissed. Of course. Fred and George Weasley could never be serious."Right," said George, rubbing the side of his face before lifting his chin, "so, Ronald, how is your schooling?""Yes," chimed in Fred, assuming the same stern expression, "Ginevra, dear, have you been making all O's?""Let's take a walk," said Hermione."A splendid idea!" said George."Superb!""Why, the weather is ever so nice.""Yes, and the temperature…""Alright, alright," said Ginny. "Enough of that." She looked genuinely peeved.The twins put up their hands in unison; a gesture of surrender. "Merlin," said Fred. "Sorry. Just trying to lighten the mood.""Yeah, we knew you bunch would be a load of misery.""It's just what we do.""But you know," George rubbed his chin, staring into Hermione's face with faux-intensity, "I think a walk might be just the ticket.""Aye. I could use the fresh air," said Fred. He glanced around at the other tables, waving a hand in front of a wrinkled nose.Hermione glanced wistfully at the bar. She had so been looking forward to a hot mug of frothy butterbeer. Ah, well.They walked in the direction of the Hog's Head. It was fitting, Hermione thought, as it had been the sight of the first meeting of Dumbledore's Army. But this time, they needed to be more careful. They had learned their lesson about how private the old inn really was. In the Wizarding World, even the walls seemed to have ears.They were about equidistant between the two places, alone in a long stretch of snowy street, when Ginny cast a Muffliato Charm. "So, what was it you wanted to talk about?" she demanded."Ah," said George, "We just thought we'd take a look around the Hog's Head.""You see," said Fred, "Dumbledore's set that as the meeting up point for whenever the action starts.""We figure… he can't expect us all to walk all the way to the castle.""Not in broad daylight.""Cause a ruckus, that would.""So… the logical conclusion is… drumroll Georgie…" George played a rhythm on the fronts of his thighs, "there's a secret passageway.""Yeah," said George. "And we know all the secret passageways.""Least… we thought we did."Hermione felt the need to jump in, at that. "So you're going to look for it?""That's the plan," the twins said at once."Don't you think that's a bit obvious? I mean, you don't want to draw any attention.""'Mione', dear," said Fred, draping an arm around her shoulder, "subtlety is our middle name."In the Hog's Head, Ginny and Ron grabbed a table while the twins went up to the bar to order drinks. Hermione stood her ground, warily watching to see what those mischievous twins would do. And there they were, leaning over the bar, craning their necks around in such obvious curiosity that she wanted to slap them over the head (except that would be even more obvious). Instead, realising that she was standing awkwardly in the middle of the floor, she went to take a seat with Ginny and Ron. The place made her uneasy. There were a few hooded figures in the corners and playing at cards at a table near the door. The patrons whose faces she could see didn't make her feel much better.When Fred and George returned to the table, their faces were bright red. Hermione was astonished. They clunked a round of cold mugs on the table and passed a piece of paper across to their sister. She snorted, shaking her head, then passed it to Hermione.
Sit your scrawney arses down and quit being so obvious. You'll know well enough when the time comes.
Hermione wanted to berate the idiots, but she knew that would only draw attention. Instead, she made a show of taking a sip of her beer as she discretely passed the note to Ron. He looked peeved at being the last to be included. But after he read it, he nearly said something out loud before Ginny kicked him under the table and said, "Worth the extra hike to have a little more room, don't you think?""Yes," agreed Hermione, catching her meaning, "it was so crowded at the Three Broomsticks. I could hardly hear what you were saying." Even under the low mumbling of the bar, she had the impression that everyone could hear what she was saying. Act like everyone's a Death Eater, Severus had said. They couldn't afford not to.…*~*J*~*...Severus trudged up the snowy street toward Hogsmeade, watching locals and students alike flit in and out of shops, despite the terrible cold. Inexplicably, he recalled his first trip to the magical village. What had surprised him, more than anything, was how different he felt there.Going to town as a small boy, back before he left for Hogwarts, Severus always had to be careful. For years he had been left behind when his mother had to do the shopping. She couldn't risk exposure if he were to perform involuntary magic. And at that age, it isn't an easy thing to control.Visiting a town full of witches and wizards was not only a new taste of freedom, it was also a window into the world he had never really known. This was what he could expect when he left Hogwarts. He could live in a place like this, like Hogsmeade Village, where everyone was magical and there was no need to hide.He would be accepted.The thought constricted painfully in his stomach. Except, he hadn't. He never had been accepted. Here he was, a professor at Hogwarts, surrounded by magical people every day. And he was still an outcast; a loner.Maybe that was why he had clung to Hermione so desperately. For the first time since Lily, she had shown him that he was worth something. He wasn't just a professor. He wasn't just a customer at the bar. He wasn't just that sulking ex-death eater who had the nerve to call himself a spy. He was Severus. And that was good enough for her.…*~*J*~*...When Draco realized he wasn't doing much more than watching ink dry, he pulled away from his Arithmancy homework. Luna was sitting on the floor opposite him, taking up the right half of the table with her own work. Her quill didn't pause in its calm, looping movements across the parchment. She was focused.He thought about the letter he had received this morning, from his mother. Nothing she had said had come as a surprise. And yet, it seemed to change everything. How long ago was it that he had dreamed of this day? Had he just been foolish, or had he lost his path somehow?He studied Luna's face as she worked on her essay. It was so unguarded; so unlike the expressions girls usually wore around him. Pansy and the other Slytherin girls seemed always to be posing. Even studying, they held their faces unnaturally, always aware of another's regard. But not Luna. It wasn't that Luna didn't think she was pretty. She understood that fact in a distanced, objective way. It was that she didn't care. She knew that there was so much more to her than that. Beauty was an afterthought in her creation.How had he ever fallen for her? And yet, how had it taken him this long?Falling in love with Luna Lovegood was like a long-suppressed epiphany for Draco. He had known her since childhood; had once watched the girl with the hair as light as his with keen curiosity and interest. Had she not been so strange, he probably would have dated her long ago. But now her strangeness was what drew him in.His heart ached just looking at her. How had he never seen it before?And now the world was falling apart. Now, he had absolutely no idea what to do. Could he join the Death Eaters, as he had always dreamed of doing? Could he not? Part of him wanted to ask Severus about it. But could he trust the man? The spy? The one who had fallen for another unlikely witch?He didn't know.…*~*J*~*..."This is so exciting, Severus!" There really was no reason for the girl to shout. Her mouth was mere inches from his ear. Upon hearing the news of Narcissa's sudden involvement, Hermione Granger had leapt into her professor's arms. When she pulled away, she was beaming at him, a manic glint in her eyes."Indeed." It was all he could manage."Merlin, if she can implement the Itinerantur Charm on the mirrors at the Manor, then this can really work!""You sound surprised.""Well, I admit, I was getting a bit nervous.""Indeed?""Well, yes. Until now, it has only been feasible in theory. With Narcissa on our side, our plan is finally possible. Even probable!" She took Severus's wrists and looked up to his face in earnest, her eyes misting. "Severus," she said, "we can win."Severus cleared his throat and pulled away. "Yes, well, you still haven't tested the Charm on humans."Hermione scoffed. She had practically pulled the Itinerantur Charm straight out of the Ministry's records. It wasn't likely that it wouldn't work on humans. But it still needed to be done.Severus stepped out into his office and returned with a cage in hand. It held an ugly, old rat. "I thought it would be best to practice with this first," he said.Hermione gasped. "Animal testing, Severus? You know me better than that.""Indeed. I was prepared for your hesitance. But don't be foolish. The fate of the Wizarding World rests on this Charm you've created. It would be idiotic not to test the thing on humans prior to using it in our eventual plan. And it would be wise to test it on this before you allow a person to attempt it." He reached over to where her mirrors had been resting on a table and caught the ball slowly popping between them in midair. Then, he opened the little door of the cage and reached inside, withdrawing the squirming animal. He offered it to her."How can I decide that this rat's life is less precious than my own?" she argued, poking her chin in the air in that adorable way of hers. So defiant."Because this rat isn't about to save the Wizarding world. Perhaps the whole world, for that matter."Hermione tsked. "That kind of thinking it what got us into this mess, Severus. Where does it end?"Severus hesitated, glancing between her two humourless eyes. "You're entirely serious," he realised."I am.""Hermione, don't be daft…""I refuse to sacrifice that poor creature to our Cause…""Someone has to test it out…""Then that someone will be me."Severus gaped at her. "You must be joking."She lifted an eyebrow at that and lifted her arm between them, rolling up the sleeve. He stared in disbelief. Then she reached toward the mirror closest to her, as if to brush its surface with her fingertips. Severus couldn't breathe. He wanted to catch her wrist and stop this foolishness, but he was held in place by a certainty that she had to make this decision herself.Hermione hesitated with her fingers just inches away, chewed her lip a moment, then plunged her hand into the mirror. When it popped out of the other one, Severus flinched away, and Hermione laughed, relief bursting from between her lips. She wriggled her fingers a moment, then withdrew her hand for inspection. "Seems fine to me," she said, studying her hand with a proud smirk."Foolish Gryffindor," Severus grumbled, smiling as he returned the rat to the safety of its cage. Then he caught Hermione in an embrace, pulling her to him.She laughed happily. "Your foolish Gryffindor," she said."Indeed," he agreed, leaning down to brush his mouth against hers."Can I stay with you, tonight?" she whispered."Of course," he agreed without pause. She beamed at him. Merlin, that smile."So, I suppose this means I'll have to teach Narcissa the Charm," she said, leading him into the bedroom."We will arrange for that very soon.""It's going to be odd. Spending time with Draco's mother. The wife of the man who…" she couldn't seem to finish the sentence, but Severus understood. "I suppose it will be difficult for her, as well. Learning magic from a mudblood." She grinned at Severus and he glared at her as he pulled back the blankets on the bed. "It will be a learning experience for us both.""Play nice," Severus warned, as they undressed and climbed into bed."Of course I will," said Hermione, settling against Severus's side, one hand in the dark hair sprinkling his chest. "Our plan would be nothing without her."…*~*J*~*...Lord Voldemort paced the front of his grand hall, his patience wearing thin. Bellatrix had once been such a valuable servant. And now she was raving mad. Pity. But she had lost her mind in service of his Cause, and for that he was grateful. And she did still have her uses. Fanaticism was its own reward. But her paranoia was beginning to wear him down."Bella, dear," he said, condescending to cajole the frantic woman, "there is no need for this hysssteria. Potter is no threat, as of yet. All of my sourcessss agree.""But Severus…""Severussss is but one pawn, my sweet. He does not know enough to bring me down.""But, My Lord, he is a traitor! I can feel it! He is in love with the mudblood whore!""Perhapsss. But he has no reason to believe that she will be taken from him when we have won.""But…""Severusss has been very useful in his role as loyal spy.""But… my Lord… he is hiding secrets from you!""You often sssay that, Bella dear, but you never have any proof.""I do this time," hissed Bellatrix, looking smug. He caught her excited eyes and stopped in his tracks. She had the air of someone savouring a moment."And what is that?" he growled, letting his impatience whip her for enjoying this so much.She hesitated another moment, her eyes gleaming wickedly in the candlelight, her excitement growing palpably until it seemed to burst forth from her lips in one eager whisper."He's hidden her parents!"…*~*J*~*...
Thank you so much for reading so far! I hope you enjoyed this chapter! I would love to hear your thoughts!

LOVE

:} llorolalluvia










Chapter 72





Chapter Text
"Can this really work, Albus?" It was Remus who spoke. He had wrapped an arm around Nymphadora, which Severus knew comforted the werewolf more than the girl.Albus's eyes were twinkling. "It can.""Then we should attack soon. As soon as Harry has fulfilled his part.""No," said Albus. "We cannot afford to use half-measures here. Tom is not our only threat…""The longer we wait, the stronger his influence grows. The Ministry is all but his. People are getting hurt! We need to act now!"Kingsley clear his throat. "Last time, too many Death Eaters escaped. If we had been able to convict them then, they wouldn't have risen against us again. I say we wait. We must be sure to capture as many of them as we can.""Indeed," said Dumbledore, nodding solemnly. "And as it happens, we have been presented with a perfect opportunity. Tom has announced that the children of his closest followers will be allowed to take the Mark at the end of this school year."There was a collective intake of breath and a quiet murmur in the room. Severus's stomach constricted painfully. Lupin broke the silence. "Everyone will be present for that.""Including the children," hissed Tonks, her accusing eyes sweeping the room. "We would be putting them in harm's way."Dumbledore bowed his head at that. "It is true. I cannot say I am pleased by the notion. Those children have grown up at Hogwarts, under my protection. But we have already agreed that Harry and his friends have a right to fight in the coming conflict. This is their world, as well. The outcome will determine their lives. For the same reason, we must agree that the young Slytherins are not merely victims, but future adversaries who have chosen…""They've been brainwashed!" cried Tonks, rising halfway out of her seat. "They've grown up around Death Eaters. It's all they know!""Every Death Eater turns for one reason or another. I am not debating their innocence, or lack thereof. We must accept that there will be casualties, but that without that sacrifice, much greater suffering is inevitable. We cannot allow the Inner Circle to escape again. They have too much power.""But Albus," Severus finally said, latching onto an excuse he could give in front of the Order, "that is months away. Anything could happen in that time, and all the while the Dark Lord will be growing stronger.""You are quite right, Severus," the old man said, meeting his eyes with a heaviness he had not shown before. "And that is why we must be prepared. For anything."Severus chased Albus out into the hall when the meeting was dismissed, leaving the rest of the Order to their anxious chatter in the kitchen. "Albus," he hissed, grabbing hold of the old man's arm. "That's cutting it close, don't you think? Narcissa will be furious when she finds out you mean to let her son…""Narcissa has made an Unbreakable Vow, Severus. It no longer matters what she wants."Severus had no retort, but hung back in shocked silence as their fearless leader left. He was certain that Albus meant to interrupt the proceedings before the children took the Mark. And yet, he knew in that moment that Albus would let it happen if it served the Greater Good. His stomach constricted again, just at the thought. An image of Draco's face twisted in pain, the grotesque tattoo permanently embedded in his flesh, marking him for life as a follower of that greatest evil of all. He couldn't let that happen to his Slytherins. Especially Draco.…*~*J*~*...Harry withdrew from the Pensieve. His back ached and his head pounded. He'd been living in Dumbledore's memories of Tom Riddle all day. It was no use. The longer he studied Tom, the more he believed that the wizard was irredeemably bad. But then he remembered, for the hundredth time, Dumbledore's words to him yesterday. "Your love for someone is not a reflection of who they are. It is a reflection of who you are." Harry sighed and pinched the bridge of his nose. Maybe he was a bastard, too.Alright. That's enough for one day. Dragging himself to his feet, Harry retrieved the Pensieve and stepped out into the corridor beyond."Finished, Potter?" Professor Snape drawled.Harry gasped. "What are you doing here?"His professor was leaned against the wall, looking rather bored and impatient. "Well, I was attempting to use the Room of Requirement, but it has been occupied for an obscenely long time." The dark man's eyes caught on the Pensieve and he turned away in a dismissive gesture. He must have known what Harry had been doing."What are you using the Room for?" Harry asked, his curiosity winning over the desire to put distance between himself and his professor."Nosy, Potter?"Harry rolled his eyes and began to turn away."Stay," commanded Snape. "You might as well see it now." Then he gestured for Harry to step back and strode past the wall the required three times. A door appeared, small and nondescript. Snape stopped in front of it and turned to look at Harry. "Ready?" Harry shrugged and Snape sneered at him impatiently before pushing open the door.It was a grand room, larger than any the Room had ever made for him. The floor was marble and the walls were covered almost completely with mirrors. Some were enormous, others were huge, and they hung all around the room at varying levels and in various shapes. "Malfoy Manor?" Harry guessed."Indeed," said Snape. He reached into a pocket and withdrew a small object that looked like a locket or… a compass? Snape smirked. "I should have known. But it is best to be certain.""Sorry?"Snape sighed with impatience. "We have been studying Hermione's curse to be sure that she lands with accuracy when she is brought to the real Malfoy Manor. In the real version of this hall, the Dark Lord's throne is situated at the North end. I should have known the Room of Requirement would arrange itself facing the proper direction.""Oh."Snape withdrew his wand and pointed it at his left hand. A golden ring appeared and he flicked his wrist again before lowering both hands and seeming to wait. In a moment, he lifted his hand again, studied the ring, then stepped into the center of the room and raised his wand to the inside of his left arm.In a flash that had Harry jumping backward Hermione appeared in front of Snape, her back to them, her hands clenched tight around the edges of an enormous frame. The Mirror of Erised.Hermione squealed with excitement and spun around, throwing her arms around their professor's neck and planting a kiss against his mouth. Harry froze, his eyes bulging. And then she saw him."Oh, Harry, er…" she ran an embarrassed hand through her hair and strode toward him. "Good. What do you think?"Harry started. "Oh, er… well, it's bigger than I expected.""Right.""Right.""I, er… I have to meet with Narcissa later. Can you believe it? I have to teach her the spell.""That's mad. Malfoy's mother.""I know." Hermione glanced over at Snape. He seemed to be studying the walls of the Room and blatantly avoiding the Mirror. "Doesn't feel real does it?""Not really.""Come on," Harry let Hermione take his hand and lead him over to the Mirror. "We're thinking you'll step through the Mirror of Erised, itself. We'll have another one here, of course." She indicated the spot behind the Mirror. "Everyone's going to be quite turned around. I think we ought to have practices, synching up the Mirrors to simply return you back the way you came. That way we can get adjusted to stepping through only to find ourselves turned around. The last thing you want to be during a fight is disoriented.""Yeah.""Are you alright, Harry?""Yeah. Fine. Just… I dunno, Hermione. I've been trying for a while now and I… I dunno if I'll be able to… work up the emotion."Hermione took hold of his hand at that, her brown eyes crinkling with sympathy. "It's alright, Harry. We'll figure something out. You have plenty of time."…*~*J*~*...
Maybe we don't need Harry's love. Maybe it can be someone else's. Maybe the feeling of love will be enough.
Hermione jerked up in her chair as something smacked the side of her face. A paper ball. She looked up in time to see Draco laughing with his Slytherins and scowled. He was enjoying this way too much.She reached down and picked up the ball, knowing it was a trap but unable to refuse the bait. Once unfurled, it turned out to be a charming animation of herself staring off into space, a thought cloud featuring her beloved professor and little hearts floating away from her like bubbles. She scowled at the Slytherins and incinerated the paper when Slughorn's back was turned.Good. At least no one will suspect Draco. It was a small consolation. Especially if he planned on making her life between now and the eventual battle living hell. Ah, the eventual battle. Hermione sighed. She had practically prayed for the inevitable conflict to wait until after she'd taken her NEWTS, but now that she seemed to have that wish granted, she wasn't so sure. Anything could happen between now and then, and she was anxious to have it all over and done.When class was over, Hermione took as long as she could packing up her belongings. "I'll see you later," she told Ron and Harry with a meaningful glance. She made sure to be the last person out of the classroom, then headed off toward Severus's chambers."Where you headed, Granger?" came Draco's voice. She spun around. He and his cronies were lingering in an alcove, clearly up to no good. Drat."None of your business.""Not off to see darling Severus are you?" The Slytherins snickered."Leave me alone." She spun on her heel and hurried away from them, ignoring the snickers and whistles echoing down the dungeon corridor."Put him in a good mood, Granger," Pansy called after her, "Maybe he'll go easy on those essays."Severus took forever to answer the door and then had the nerve to glare at her for knocking so much. "Come in," he told her and she immediately obeyed. "Fuck. Sorry.""It's okay.""Are you ready?""Well, not really. I've never even met Narcissa." It was true that she was unreasonably nervous."It will be fine. Don't worry."They sat in silence for a while, Severus looking over student essays while Hermione tried to concentrate on her own project: making study charts for the NEWTS for herself and each of her friends. But she just couldn't concentrate. Instead, she ended up twisting her quill in her hand until it was a smushed, ratty remnant of what it had been. Finally, Severus glanced at the little bronze ring on his left hand (bronze because the gold one was for Hermione and the silver one was for the Order when the conflict eventually came). He stood, straightened his frock coat, and headed into the bedroom.When Severus returned, it was with Narcissa Malfoy in tow. Hermione stood and Severus introduced the two of them officially. Hermione almost felt like curtsying and immediately berated herself for feeling such a ridiculous urge. Narcissa Malfoy was part of the establishment that oppressed her people, after all. Why should she feel so intimidated?"I have heard a great deal about you," Mrs. Malfoy said."Me too." The words came out sounding harsher than she had intended. This was the woman who turned out Draco Malfoy, after all."I understand you and I are to be working together on this."Oh, could they just get past the introductions? "Seems so." There was an awkward hesitance in the room. "Here, let's have a seat, shall we?" Hermione gestured to the sofa and chair placed before the table on which sat her notes and two small mirrors. She seated herself at one end of the sofa and Narcissa took the chair beside her. The woman's back was perfectly straight and she clenched her hands together in her lap. She must have been nervous, herself, coming here to do something so fundamentally against her previous goals. Hermione relaxed a little, feeling sympathy."Okay. So I thought we'd practice with these," Hermione began, gesturing to the two mirrors. "There are two parts. First, we enable the mirrors to become portals. Then, we trigger the Charm so that they do. We don't want them to just be portals from now until then, after all.""Naturally." Narcissa's lip lifted at the corner, but otherwise she gave nothing of her emotions away."Obviously, it will be more complicated when we're working with a hundred mirrors, instead of just two. I've only just worked that out. The mirrors need to be linked up to their exact counterparts in order for this to work. That will mean that the Charm has to be applied in exactly the same order. The trigger spell is basically an enormous burst of light, so it will open all of the portals at once. You don't need to worry about that. It's my job to trigger the mirrors. You only have to put the Charm in place."Hermione realized she was talking too fast and stopped. "Sorry." Narcissa's lips turned up in an actual smile. "Anyway, shall we begin?""Let's."…*~*J*~*...Hermione didn't see the boys until dinner. They showed up panting and sweating and red in the face."Where were you?" ask Ron in an accusatory tone.Hermione looked around them, meaningfully. "None of your business."Ron didn't take the hint. "You missed practice." Ah. Dumbledore's Army. "You really ought to show up more often, you know." He lowered his voice. "You have to fight too."Hermione's stomach sank. He was right. She had been so focused on the Charm and study charts for the NEWTS and her own extracurricular research that she hadn't left any time to train her body for the fight to come. "Alright, alright. I'll come to the next one. Promise."Best friend appeased, Hermione turned back to her study charts. She hadn't been focused on the NEWTS at all and now they were months behind. But if they stuck to these charts and really focused, they would be ready in time."Hermione," said Ginny, breaking her concentration. "It's time to eat. Maybe put your notes down for a minute?"Hermione looked around as if suddenly realizing that everyone else was eating. She hadn't even filled her plate. "Right," she said, scooping some beans and potatoes onto her plate and pulling it over next to the parchment."'Mione," the other girl whined, "stop it. You need a break. Mental health is important, too.""I just need to finish up these charts. But we're really going to have to start studying tonight. We're so far behind. And now that we're definitely going to be taking our NEWTS…""Hermione!" all of her friends hissed at once. They were staring at her. Ron was still chewing something, but Harry's expression had grown stern and intent. Ginny looked truly concerned."Just put it down, Hermione," Harry ordered."But…""Just… put it down."Hermione's eyes darted from friend to friend, finally assessing that they were totally serious. She nodded and gathered the charts up to stuff into her bookbag. The others visibly relaxed. "Alright," she agreed. "You're right. But tonight… we study."…*~*J*~*...Malfoy Manor was cold and dark when Severus arrived for yet another meeting. There was an air of conceited security about the place. His brothers were clearly confident that nothing could tear them down. Don't think that now.He took the only place at the table, across from Yaxley, whose arrogant smirk seemed to have been permanently pasted on.Alecto Carrow was speaking. "It'll be done soon, all right. In time for the next school year. No more filthy Mudbloods allowed." Severus's heart sank. Albus was being a fool. Too much could happen between now and the end of term."Good," said the Dark Lord. His hands were folded under his chin as he studied his servants. "Mulciber?"Mulciber had once been one of Severus's good friends. He had succeeded in capturing Barty Crouch's replacement in the Department of International Magical Cooperation and was currently on a regular dose of Polyjuice Potion to assume the other man's role. "I'd say about 65% of my department is now under my control." Imperius. That's reversible, at least. "I have a meeting on Monday with my counterpart in Bulgaria. He'll see it my way, by the end of it. One way or another.""Excellent. Yaxley?"Yaxley's smirk became a wicked grin as he dropped his hands from behind his head and faced his Lord. "Everything is in place, My Lord," he said gruffly. "They won't know what hit them."The words unnerved Severus and he strained his ears for any more information, but Yaxley had nothing else to say."Good," said Lord Voldemort, his eyes twinkling like they hadn't for either of the others. Severus could hardly breathe. What were they planning?Yaxley turned away as his Lord continued down the line of followers who had something to report. He locked his hands behind his head again, all confidence. Severus wanted to kick his ugly face in. And then, the other brother met his eye. It was a perfect connection, and Severus acted on instinct, delving into the other man's thoughts so smoothly and subtly that the Dark Lord himself would be impressed. And in that moment, a load of information passed between them. And Severus knew their plan.It would happen Friday. The Wizengamot planned to meet in secret late into the night. They plotted to undermine the authority of Lord Voldemort over the Ministry of Magic. They had to be stopped.He saw Yaxley's vision of himself striding down those familiar black marble corridors, several brothers in Death Eater masks behind him. He saw the enormous chamber of the Wizengamot, revealed as they threw open a door. He saw commotion, heard screaming, saw death as the Death Eaters caught the elderly witches and wizards by surprise. He felt Yaxley's triumph and pride.They would leave no survivors to compete for power and the entire Ministry would be left too afraid to rise up again.Two birds.…*~*J*~*...
I hope you enjoyed this chapter! More to come soon. Thank you so much for sticking with me so far. If you have any interest in my future work, please follow me on Twitter/Instagram at SoulTendril for updates.

Meanwhile, please leave feedback! Thank you!

LOVE YOU

:}

llorolalluvia










Chapter 73





Chapter Text
Remus studied Severus, thoughtfully. But how do we know Yaxley didn't notice him enter his mind?"Well, Remus," said Severus. "Did you notice?"Remus flinched. "What?" The werewolf's look of shock and confusion brought a smirk to Severus's face. "You didn't just…""I did."Black halted his whining for a moment to frown at his fellow Marauder. "Care to fill the rest of us in?" he snapped.Severus sighed. "None of you can appreciate the subtle art of Legilimency because none of you has ever taken the time to study it. Of course, I'm sure it was much more diverting to spend your days running wild on the Hogwarts grounds as animagi. It takes patience and persistence to learn the skill of slipping into another's mind."Black bristled. "You have no idea how much patience and persistence it takes to learn to Transfigureyourselfintoadog!"Severus turned to Remus. "Your dog is so easily distracted."Remus blushed, much to Severus's satisfaction, and turned to his old friend. "I don't think Yaxley has any idea," he said peaceably. Then he turned to the wizened Headmaster before anyone said another word. "If Albus believes it is worth the risk, then we have to do it."Albus nodded. "Severus has not been included in the plan, so it cannot implicate him. The trouble is, we only have a vague notion of when the attack is supposed to occur. We will need to arrive before them if we are to protect the Wizengamot.""Alright, Albus, what's the plan?" asked Tonks. She looked rather on edge."Yes. Well, the Wizengamot are to meet at midnight." The Headmaster began to outline the plan Severus had devised with him in the wee hours of the morning, after returning from Voldemort's side. He had already heard it all, so he let his attention wander to other concerns.Draco had been visibly anxious the last time he saw the boy. News of his impending induction into Lord Voldemort's inner circle had clearly had a dramatic effect on him. He had seen in his godson's eyes that the boy wanted to come to him, to talk to him, to confess his concerns and ask for advice from the one person who would likely sympathize with his plight. But he was still too afraid. Part of Severus was glad for that. He didn't know what to tell the boy. But part of him wished Draco would open up to him so that he could direct the son of his oldest and dearest friend down a better path."No, Sirius," Albus was saying. "I'm afraid you must stay here. There is too great a chance that you would be spotted and recognized. But you are right. Tom will have to send a good number of his followers if he is to take down the Wizengamot. That means that we will have to send a good number as well. At the moment, it is unclear which of the Wizengamot may also be on his side. So, Kingsley, Tonks, Arthur, I must ask that you come with me Friday night. You will be risking your placement in the Ministry, but this is of sufficient import that I feel you must."The three in question nodded their agreement to this. "Of course," said Shacklebolt. "It would be my pleasure to put that scum behind bars."Albus nodded. "Alaster, you will join me, of course? Remus, Nymphadora? Charlie? Bill, Fleur? Dedalus? Emmeline? Elphias?""Will it be enough, Albus?" asked Emmeline Vance. Severus wondered if some of them weren't too old to fight. But then Albus was surely older than anyone else, and it was true that they needed all the help they could get. Part of Severus wanted to be there, himself, if only to see the look on Yaxley's face.When the meeting adjourned, Severus was quick to make his escape. It was one of his particular talents. But this time, Remus caught him in the hallway upstairs. "Severus, wait!" The greying werewolf was already out of breath. "I just wanted to tell you," he paused, panting, and clasped Severus on the upper arm, much to the Slytherin's chagrin. "Good job," Remus said, all seriousness, meeting the other man's eye. "It's lucky you… did what you did. This would have been a disaster, if you hadn't found it out."Severus gave a slight nod. He couldn't quite bring himself to say anything. In truth, he hated the fact that it felt good to be acknowledged by the other man. It was the sort of thing that made Severus wonder if, in some other universe, the two of them might have been friends.…*~*J*~*...Ginny Weasley paced the length of the boys' dormitory, her arms crossed, her eyes wide with fear. They had bolted the door in case Neville, Seamus, or Dean showed up. It wouldn't do for the other boys to hear about the attack that was scheduled for Friday."They'll be fine, Gin," Ron was saying. "Bill's better with a wand than any of us ever were, and Charlie's used to dealing with dragons."Ginny stopped and glared at her brother. "Yeah? So what about Dad?""They have the element of surprise," Hermione chimed in with a hopeful voice that came off sounding forced."I wish we could go with them," said Harry."Harry, don't be stupid," said Hermione in her bossiest tone. Ginny rolled her eyes."I know, I know," said Harry. "I'm not going to. I just… wish we could. That's all.""Yeah, well I don't," said Ron. "Yaxley's a right nasty fellow.""Ron!" cried Harry and Hermione together.Ginny sat down right where she was and put her face in her hands. The tears came before she could stop them, and then so did her friends."Come on, Ginny, it'll be alright," cooed Hermione, patting her on the shoulder."What do you know? Your parents are safe!"Hermione pulled back, stung, but Harry took her place, sitting next to Ginny on the floor and wrapping an arm around her shoulder. "Don't worry, Gin. Yaxley's group won't know what hit them. And besides, Dumbledore will be there. He could take all of them on by himself if he wanted to.""Why doesn't he, then?" Ginny knew she sounded petty, but she couldn't bring herself to care right now.Her brother sighed loudly, expressing his annoyance, then sat down across from her and pulled her hands away from her face. She glared into his bright blue eyes, but found that she couldn't stay angry while he was looking at her in that sad, soft way. He kept hold of her hands and gave her a little smile of reassurance which only made tears spring to her eyes. "We knew something like this might happen, Gin. But they're prepared. They've been practicing, too. Just like we have. Maybe more. Merlin knows they have more time. Anyway, they're going to be okay."Ginny's face crumpled in, at that, and she threw her arms around her brother's neck, burying her face in his shoulder. "I just… want them to… be alright," she said between sobs."I know," he said, squeezing her tight, "I do too." And when she pulled away, she could see that he was crying too.…*~*J*~*...Narcissa withdrew from the pensieve, gasping. Her head ached from hours of concentration. But if she was going to do this, damn it all, she was going to do it right.She had been working with the Granger girl for days. It wasn't a very complicated spell, but the girl was obviously anxious for it to be done precisely right. Narcissa hated to admit that she respected the Muggleborn's attention to detail. But, then again, Severus Snape had exceptional tastes. It shouldn't be surprising that the real girl stood up to her reputation.Narcissa checked the time. It was after five o'clock in the morning. Surely, if there ever was a safe time in this house, this was it. And she was ready.She made her way carefully down to the ballroom, where the Dark Lord had set up his court. It sickened her to see her beautiful, carefully designed home put to such a vile purpose. That room was made to be danced in. She longed for the days of old, when Lucius would take her in hand and spin her across the dance floor for all the world to see. They had been grand and beautiful back then.Draco's haunted eyes surfaced in her mind. She knew he felt the same as she did. He would not want to join the Death Eaters. But he would do it, if it was asked of him. She needed to save him from that fate. Maybe everything else was lost already, but that was something she could save. Draco she could save.The Hall looked different in the dark, the mirrors winking at her, acknowledging her plot. She took a deep breath, and stepped toward the first one. You are ready for this. And so she began.It was tedious work. She had relived Granger's memories of the order in which to Charm the mirrors more times than she could count. And yet, actually doing it seemed to take so much longer. Perhaps it was the effort of moving her arm the entire time, or the focus it took to use the Incantation. Or maybe it was the lingering fear that she would be discovered.What felt like hours passed and then she was nearing the end when a noise caught her attention. Was it the groaning of an ancient house or was someone else awake at this hour? Her heart raced as she turned her attention back to her task. She had to finish. And then… but which one had she just done? Where was she now? Had she already Charmed that one? She wasn't sure. Oh, but that one she certainly had done, and surely she hadn't gotten as far as that other. Panic welled up inside of her and she nearly yipped when she heard another sound. With haste, she Charmed the rest of the mirrors before hurrying out of the Hall.She was turning onto the corridor where her bedroom lay when she ran into Lucius. They each gasped and then studied each other in the dark."Cissy?" said Lucius in his softest voice. It made her heart want to melt. But she couldn't afford that right now. "I couldn't sleep," he explained. "I was thinking of all the times I used to come to you obscenely late…""I don't sleep much anymore," she confessed in an attempt to explain herself. She was surprised to find that it was the truth.Lucius's eyes grew soft at that and he took a step toward her.She panicked and skirted her way around him. "Goodnight, Lucius," she said by way of farewell. It came off sounding colder than she had intended. Oh well. Maybe soon their family would be patched back together and they could have the happy marriage they once had shared and cherished.She hoped so with all her heart.Narcissa locked herself into her room and cast a silencing Charm on the door. She couldn't afford to let Lucius soften her right now. She had too many secrets to hide.Her heart was pounding, both from fear and exhilaration. Oh, would that I could let him in right now and hold him close and promise that everything will be as it was again. But she had to wait. She couldn't risk it. Soon, we will be a family once more.…*~*J*~*...Luna was waiting at the top of the Astronomy Tower when Draco arrived. She turned her vague, pleased smile onto him, but he found that he couldn't smile in return."Hi," he said instead, scratching the back of his head and walking over to the railing."Something is bothering you," she said simply. That was one thing he loved about Luna. She was as blunt as he was subtle. "Do you want to talk about it?"He shrugged."You don't have to, but you can if you want.""Thanks," he said simply, turning his attention to the Forbidden Forest in the distance. He looked out at that view so much nowadays that it had ceased to provoke the awe that it had in the beginning. He was on top of the world. But right now that only meant that he had a long way to fall."I wish I could fly," said Luna in that dreamy voice of hers.Draco barked a laugh. "You can. Don't you have a broom?""Oh I do, of course. But I've never been much good at it, you see."Draco considered the slender blonde. "I could teach you."Her eyes met his without expressing any change in emotion. "That would be lovely."He reached a hand out and tipped her chin up just a nudge. She obliged unquestioningly. Her eyes were so full of trust and love. He closed his own. Her unflinching, unshielded emotion made his heart feel raw.Her lips were soft and yielding and she responded so honestly and unselfconsciously. Before he knew what he was doing, he had pushed her hard against the railing and his hands grasped her waist, running up and down her sides with a frenetic need. She only gasped and whimpered into his mouth, her breath so hot against the cold January air. He wrapped a hand in her hair, caressing her, trying to communicate his need and his affection.She broke away from his mouth. "Wait," she said in a breathless voice. Draco froze and reluctantly pulled away. He was on the verge of apologizing for getting so carried away when she withdrew her wand and waved it in an arc over her head. Warmth descended upon them, just enough to be comfortable. Then she was pushing her heavy winter coat off her shoulders and Draco's mouth went dry. When she turned her attention to her robes, Draco moved closer and began to help her undress between soft, wet kisses. Luna turned her hands to his own robes and soon he could feel her skin against his. She was so soft, so smooth, so warm. He had never wanted anyone so much.Their mouths met and their bodies pressed together as Draco lowered her down to the ground. He cupped her breasts in his palms and felt a rush of lust when she gasped against his mouth. He pinched a taut nipple and she moaned. Then her legs were wrapping around his waist and her fingers were in his hair. It was all he could do to keep from grinding her into the stone."Oh please," Luna whimpered. She grabbed his hand and brought it between her legs. Draco thought he might go mad. She was so wet, so hot. She wanted him so badly. He rubbed his fingers against her there, making her writhe beneath him. He couldn't wait any longer.Draco pressed himself inside of her painfully slowly. He wanted to make sure she wanted this too. She gasped and squeezed her eyes shut, grasping his upper arms in a tight grip. But when he was inside her, she opened her eyes and looked up into his. Blonde lashes veiled sultry blue eyes full of want. Her cheeks were rosy, too. He had never seen her so beautiful.And then he was pressing into her, slowly at first, then faster and harder. "Wait," she whispered. It took every ounce of willpower to obey. But he was immediately gratified when she pushed him over and took her place on top. Her rhythm was slower than he wanted, but it was so sensual and intimate that he soon felt lost in pleasure. She leaned down and met his mouth, increasing her pace and he groaned with ecstasy. She was so wet, so tight, and so full of passion. Nothing was holding her back.And then, to his shock, she was coming on top of him, squeezing him tight as she moaned into his mouth and rocked erratically against him. When her body relaxed, he grabbed her hips and thrust into her until he, too, was crying out in agonized pleasure as his body spasmed beneath her. She collapsed onto his chest and together they lay there, just breathing. Nothing had ever felt more right.They dressed in contented silence. It was so at odds with the awkwardness he'd always felt after-the-fact with other girls, that any lingering doubts Draco had had about her fled his mind. This was right. He was happy. This was worth any price he had to pay; any sacrifice he had to make."Luna?""Hmm?""Would you hate me if I told you something terrible?""Don't be silly, Draco. I could never hate you.""What if I told you that…" the words seemed to stick in his throat. He didn't want to mess this up. Any yet, he had the feeling that Luna already knew. "That… the Dark Lord wants to make me one of his Death Eaters, and… I don't really have a choice.""Then I would believe you," said Luna.Draco almost laughed. "You're not going to tell me that I always have a choice?""Well, I imagine your parents would be in really big trouble if you didn't do it. And they would be punished, wouldn't they? So that's not really a choice, at all."Draco's mouth broke into a smile at that and he pulled Luna into an embrace. He wanted to tell her that he loved her, for that, but he suspected she already knew.On his way back to the Slytherin dormitories, Draco stopped outside of his godfather's office. Once again, he found himself staring at its imposing frame for what felt like an eternity, willing himself to knock. And once again, he let out one deep sigh and kept walking.…*~*J*~*...Hermione stared down at her notes. What does it all mean? Pages and pages of parchment covered her duvet so thoroughly that none of the crimson showed through. Bits of her research jumped out at her from every angle. Chaos Theory, eternity, the Philosopher's Stone. Hades and Hermes and Nike. Silver Mirrors and a mother's love. Arthur pulling the sword from the stone. What does any of it mean?It was Friday afternoon. Yesterday, she had sent Narcissa off with a vial of memories to memorize. Soon, the older witch would be ready to Charm the mirrors in the Hall. They had been working on it all week, and Hermione had run out of excuses to go ahead with it all. She just didn't have the heart to tell Draco's mother that they would be waiting until her son was about to take the Mark, come June. Anyway, it was probably a good idea to have the Charm in place early. Who knew what might happen in the coming months.Hermione thought she ought to feel relieved, or even afraid that something would go wrong. Instead, she felt deflated, as if she'd passed the baton. Did all of that research really come to nothing more than this? Was it just a means to an end? Wasn't there some Truth lurking behind the corners of the parchment, or somewhere between the lines? She felt helpless, as if she'd followed a path right up to the end and found only a solid wall.It won't feel like this when the day finally comes. It will feel like everything coming to fruition. But it didn't right then. It didn't yet.…*~*J*~*...Harry could see the worry in Dumbledore's face as he paced the length of his office, not quite meeting his student's eye."Harry," the old man began, hesitantly, "do you believe that you are Goodness, or that you merely have Goodness, in your heart?"Harry was taken aback. "Well, I… er…""I want to teach you about a very important, elegant little concept," the Headmaster continued. It was as if he hadn't heard Harry speak at all. "It is called… Chaos Theory. Or the Butterfly Effect, if you prefer. It is the idea that every little incident in the world has an impact whose measure cannot be taken. It is the idea that even the flutter of a butterfly's wings can cause a chain of events leading to something as monstrous in proportion as a monsoon on the other side of the world. Taking that into account, it is easy to see individuals as pawns in a game between forces too large for us to comprehend.""Huh?""Have you heard the parable of the two wolves, Harry? It is said that within each of us, there are two wolves. Within each of us there is a struggle, for the two wolves will always fight each other. So then, the question is which wolf will win. And the answer is, the one we feed."Harry, you have Goodness because of your circumstances. You are the Chosen One, because of what happened to your family. You carry Goodness and the burden of protecting our world because of a Prophecy made about you years ago. In the same way, Hermione carries this burden because of a Prophecy made about her. Would events have unfolded in the same way had those Prophecies not been made? It is difficult to say. Divination is so named because it is a communion with the divine; with forces outside of our understanding. Perhaps, these prophecies were made in order to push events in one direction or another. But you must understand, Harry. You were chosen because of your circumstances. Your heart was in the right place to feel compassion and to desire very strongly an end to the suffering of others. Your life has fed the good wolf more often than the bad. You must consider, therefore, the terrible fate of Tom Riddle, whose circumstances were set up just right... for evil to prevail."You have seen your own professor chose love when he was, at last, given a choice. What, I wonder, would Tom Riddle have become if, at some point in his life, he'd had that choice?"Dumbledore stopped his pacing and gave Harry a hard stare. "Something to think about."Harry's feet took him down to the dungeons before he knew where he was going. He hardly remembered Dumbledore's dismissal. Now, without really knowing why, he was standing outside of Professor Snape's office. Except that he did know why. Or else, some part of him did. And so he knocked.Snape was clearly surprised when he saw Harry, and his voice was suspicious. "Potter.""Professor," Harry began, his words coming out almost automatically, "I'm here to return your key." He held out the tiny object for his professor to accept and met confusion and shock in the other man's eyes. "I don't need it anymore," he said by way of explanation. In truth, he never needed it to begin with. This sort of love wasn't what he was supposed to feel for Voldemort. If anything, it had been a distraction.Harry turned to go, then thought better of it. "Professor," he began again, turning back around, "could you send for Hermione?"…*~*J*~*...They were walking so slowly! Hermione could hardly bear it. She felt as if they needed to get to the Room as soon as possible, or else Harry would lose the emotion. But Harry was calm; calmer than she had ever seen him before. He walked without urgency, staring at the floor in a sort of daze. She wanted to question him about it. She wanted to understand. But more than that, she wanted not to ruin this by snapping him out of his current frame of mind.Soon enough, they were standing in front of the Room of Requirement. It took Hermione two goes to make the Room open to the right configuration. I suppose I am rather distracted. Harry hardly noticed, but followed her through to the Mirror and stood before it. She watched his face as he glanced up at the reflection. Shock and then sadness fell across his features and he lifted one hand, absentmindedly, to the cold surface.Hermione could hardly breathe. "Are you ready, Harry? Do you remember the Incantation?"Harry nodded and let his hand fall away. With a new determination, he withdrew his wand.Harry's hand moved with a grace he had not shown in his practices with the spell. It moved through the motions effortlessly, looping around like the conductor of a grand orchestra. "Accipere Mea Motus." The words fell off his tongue like a poem and when he drew his wand upward in preparation for the end of the spell, his eyes squeezed shut in an expression of exquisite sorrow. "Namaste," he fairly whispered, sending his wand down and forward as magic erupted from the tip. The Mirror seemed to glow for a moment but when it faded back to normal Hermione thought she might have imagined it.After a long moment, Hermione dared to speak again. "Are you alright, Harry?"When he looked at her, there were tears at the edges of his eyes. "Fine. I just… I think I understand something I never understood before. Something Dumbledore was saying. All this time, I thought I was supposed to feel like you did, like your key. But I was never supposed to be madly in love with Voldemort. I just… I just had to feel compassion."Hermione nodded, not quite understanding, but feeling relieved all the same. "Harry? When you looked at the Mirror just now… what did you see?"Harry's eyes focused on hers with an expression of disbelief. "It's the strangest thing, really," he said. "I found, in that moment, what I wanted more than anything else was for Vol… Tom… to… have a change of heart."Hearing Harry say it, Hermione couldn't help but feel like the entire notion was completely ridiculous. And yet, she understood. A part of her wanted the exact same thing. That was why she had come up with this idea, after all. And even though hearing it threw into perspective just how unlikely it was, she had to hope.After all, if they couldn't hope for it, who would?









Chapter 74





Chapter Text
Harry, Ginny, and Ron sat around Hagrid's big table sipping hot chocolate that they could barely taste. It wasn't that the drink wasn't especially chocolatey and sweet, because it was. It was just that their minds were not in the moment in the hut. They were far away, picturing their loved ones running into the Ministry to fight Death Eaters face to face. All three of them wanted to be there."You'll see," Hagrid was saying. "They'll be alrigh'. Got decades o' trainin' between 'em, don' they? You'll see."But they just continued to sip their hot chocolate in silence, eyes wide as if seeing something that wasn't there.Eventually, Ron looked around him, as if surprised to find himself there, and said "Hermione ought to be here."…*~*J*~*...Albus Dumbledore forced the Ministry's floo open with the shear strength of his magic. He went first and his hand-picked crew were quick to follow. The Order of the Phoenix was finally on the move.They ran silently down the halls, swift and coordinated as a flock of birds. The corridors were dark and empty. It gave the sinister impression that they were trapped in a maze underground.At exactly midnight, the grand entrance to the Wizengamot loomed before them. Albus halted his crew and performed a series of spells to undo the wards that had been put up. And then, once those had been removed, he pushed open the door.Albus Dumbledore and the Order of the Phoenix stepped calmly inside the chamber of the Wizengamot. Griselda Marchbanks looked up, her expression one of irritation, and her jaw promptly dropped."I didn't want to believe it," she gasped in a breathless voice. That gave Albus pause.The door slammed shut behind them and Albus turned to see that Corban Yaxley stood beside it. His men were streaming in from every other entrance and exit in the stands. Not Death Eaters at all. They were Aurors.It was a trap.…*~*J*~*...Severus finally gave up on grading. He had wanted to take his mind off the conflict that was about to happen, as well as its potential implications. Instead, he moved to the bedroom and began unbuttoning his frock coat."Hermione," he called out in the direction of the bathroom, "if you brush your teeth much longer, they'll fall out."He heard her stop, pause, then turn on the tap. A moment later, she emerged wearing soft shorts and a t-shirt. Her mane of hair was pulled back into a messy ball behind her head, and her wand had been stuck through it the way Narcissa liked to carry hers. Severus grinned. As tense as the two women were when they were together, Severus had the impression that they both liked each other more than they were letting on. "Sorry," she was saying, "I guess I was distracted.""We're all a bit distracted tonight," he agreed, stepping toward her and pulling her into his arms. She looked beautiful. Those bright, cinnamon eyes sparkled up at him and he knew she felt it too. Being together just felt right. "Have I ever told you," Severus found himself saying, "that you have the most beautiful eyes?"To his delight a tinge of pink appeared in her cheeks at that. She lifted a delicate eyebrow. "They're just… sort of brown.""No," he told her. "They are the exact shade of pure cinnamon."She smiled at that, a truly happy smile, and raised up on her tiptoes to plant a kiss against his mouth. He held her captive, wrapping a hand in her messy hair and claiming her mouth for his own. She relented, gasping against his touch, meeting the eagerness of his lips with a passion of her own. He pulled the tie out of her hair, letting it fall to her shoulders as her wand clattered to the ground, and pulled back to take a look at her. "Whatever happened to that nightgown?"Hermione raised an eyebrow. "Do you mean…" she knelt to retrieve her wand and waved it down the length of her body, Transfiguring her clothing into the nightgown she had worn on their first night together. "This one?""That's the one," he agreed, pulling her greedily against him. In some distant part of his mind, he knew that he should be sitting on the bed, twiddling his thumbs with anxiety about the events unfolding at the Ministry in that moment, but he couldn't resist the temptation to disappear into Hermione's arms for a little while. And he could tell that she felt the same.…*~*J*~*...They were outnumbered and surrounded. The members of the Wizengamot looked on with shock and more Aurors than he had known there were stood among the seats that rose around them in every direction.Albus withdrew his wand."Albus Dumbledore," said Yaxley with a smug grin on his face, "you are under arrest for an attempted attack on the members of the Wizengamot."Of course. This would give that impression."If you resist," continued Yaxley, "we cannot guarantee the safety of your crew."
Ah.
Albus' mind flew through a series of possibilities in the course of an instant. He could Disapparate, but the others could not follow. They would most certainly be imprisoned or even killed. If he went peacefully, however, they were all doomed. Lord Voldemort would move to take full control before they ever had a chance to finish their own preparations, and everything they had worked for would be for naught. That left only one alternative. To fight.With one powerful pulse of magic, Albus sent the aurors in the stands tripping backward. The members of the Wizengamot were mostly seated, so they were not affected as strongly, but they still gasped and jerked in reaction. But Corban Yaxley flew through the air, crashing into the chair in the center of the room and falling, unconscious, to the floor.The others sprang into action, rushing into the stands for cover and to seek the best advantage. To the Aurors, it would truly seem as if Albus and his crew had planned an attack. Therefore, they must endeavor not to hurt them. The members of the Wizengamot, too, stood in the way.There were too many obstacles.This had been planned out in painstaking detail. It was clear now. Yaxley had meant for Severus to see into his mind. And that meant one more terrible thing.Severus had been found out.…*~*J*~*...Severus was suckling Hermione's neck, running his hands up and down her body, and relishing her enthusiastic response when a sharp pain shot down his arm. His heart nearly jumped out of his chest. "Fuck!"Hermione startled. "What is it?""I'm being called." He met her eye and watched the color drain from her face."You don't think it's related…""I don't know. Maybe I'm to be part of the attack. It's not good news, though, whatever it is." He hurried to the wardrobe and withdrew his Death Eater mask and robes. "Be alert," he told her, unnecessarily. She nodded.Severus returned to Hermione for one last, longing kiss, then pulled away and headed for the door."Severus," Hermione whispered. He stopped and turned back to her. "I love you."He blinked. And then he did something that surprised both of them. He closed the distance between them and wrapped his arms around her once again. One hand went to her waist, the other to her hair, and he looked into her eyes with sober resolve. "I love you too." And then he swept away from her as emotion threatened to overcome him. He couldn't afford to be carried away by his heart right now.He was needed at the Dark Lord's side.…*~*J*~*...Draco waited in the shadowed alcove for what seemed an eternity. He had told Luna that he would be there at midnight, but he had gotten there early because he just couldn't seem to help himself. And now he was standing around like an idiot, waiting for the silver-haired girl.Finally, the door to her Common Room opened and the girl stepped forth. "Draco?" she whispered, too loud, into the dark.In answer, he stepped into the moonlight. "Are you ready?"The faintest traces of pleasure lit up her face when they locked eyes and she nodded, reaching for his hand. She was so warm in comparison with the chilly, January night."Where would you like to go tonight?" he asked her as they began a leisurely stroll."Oh, wherever our feet take us," Luna cooed. Draco rather thought he'd like their feet to take them to the prefects' bathroom, but he'd settle for 'wherever,' as long as she was there.…*~*J*~*...Somehow, Remus had managed to find a good spot behind a column and was currently facing off with an enormous Auror who had the haze of Imperius in his eyes. It was really fucking inconvenient that they had to try not to hurt the Aurors. If they were a bunch of Death Eaters, this would be so much easier. For one, Albus could probably knock the whole room out by himself. He was probably tempted to do that anyway. Merlin knew what was happening elsewhere, with Albus Dumbledore trapped at the Ministry of Magic.Remus tried not to think about that.The lumbering Auror very nearly took a chunk of his shoulder off with a shot of red magic, but Remus dove out of the way. He could see Dora a few seats down from him, shooting blasts of red at a thin, hunched man farther up in the stands and then ducking behind a chair. This must be harder on her. These were her colleagues, after all.She took out the thin man and moved on to a short woman who was charging down the stairs. Remus took a deep breath and stood again, facing his opponent. The other man grinned. From the corner of his eye, Remus could see Dora's first opponent rising to his feet again. Oh Merlin, this was going to be a long night.…*~*J*~*...Malfoy Manor was lit up as if for a revel. Severus headed toward it, emerging from the darkness of the gardens into the light. He was surprised to see so many of his brothers here. If they were all planning to attack the Wizengamot, Dumbledore's resistance would be in deep trouble. Severus's stomach dropped. Don't think about that right now.They had gathered in the throne room, and Lord Voldemort had seated himself at the top of the Hall. Severus withstood the urge to glance toward the mirrors and imagine the eventual battle from this point of view."Ah, Severus," Lord Voldemort called down. Every eye in the Hall turned to him. Severus stopped. The hairs at the back of his neck stood up. "Come." Severus stepped toward the throne until he was standing in the middle of the room. "I must confesssss," said the Dark Lord, "I am disappointed.""My Lord?" said Severus. His mind was working hard. He had covered his tracks. He was sure they couldn't know of this betrayal."I didn't want to believe Bella when she told me," said Lord Voldemort. Somewhere, Bellatrix cackled. "I wanted to think you had made a selfish mistake. Hiding your darling pet'sss parentsss from me."
Oh fuck.
"I wanted to think that you were worried about her, but that your loyalty was still mine." Oh fuck fuck fuck. "And so I planted a little ssseed inside your head. A little trick. You see, Severusss, you think you are sso clever, ssuch a good Legilimensssss." What?! Everyone in the Hall was watching him now, their masked faces still and focused. They made no sound. "And you took my bait, Severussss. Now I know where your true loyalty liessss." Oh no. No. NO! "But I will give you a chanccce, Severussss," the Dark Lord continued, rising from his throne and stepping down to the level of the dance floor. "Call your pet to you now, and I will give you the chanccce to redeem yourssself."It was over. This was it. Everything they had worked for was gone. There was nothing he could do. He was a dead man. He would never see his Hermione again. He certainly wouldn't call her to him now."Do you refuse?" inquired the Dark Lord with a sinister glint in his eye. Severus did not answer, but merely lifted his chin. Lord Voldemort understood. "Crucio!" Pain seared through Severus's body, so intense he didn't feel himself hit the floor. His body jerked and spasmed, but he bit his tongue. He had lived through this before.The Dark Lord let up, allowing Severus to pant into the cold air of the Hall. "Thisss," Lord Voldemort hissed, turning his eyes upon the remainder of his followers, "is what happenssss to those who dare betray me." His voice was full of the promise of pain. "CRUCIO!"This time, Severus screamed.…*~*J*~*...Hermione paced the length of Severus's bedroom, her mind lost in thought. This couldn't be good. She had seen in Severus's eyes that he didn't know what was happening. What if the other side had plans they didn't know? What if something terrible was happening right now and she couldn't do anything about it? She wanted to be with her friends, to hold them and let them hold her and to cry with them in fear for all of their loved ones who were out there in the middle of a War. That was what this was, wasn't it? War.…*~*J*~*...Kingsley Shacklebolt hated this. He was dueling with one of his closest friends. As of this moment, it was unclear whether the man was Imperiused or just persuaded that he, Kingsley, was a traitor. The two of them had often fought side by side, so they knew each other's strengths and weaknesses. It was not an easy fight.In his peripheral, he could see Alaster taking on another member of his team. It was profoundly painful to fight Aurors, being one of them himself. He knew Alaster must understand this same anxiety, but the other wizard's emotions didn't show on his face.Where was Dumbledore? Their fearless leader usually had a trick up his sleeve for occasions such as this. If he was at a loss, they all were. Fuck.…*~*J*~*...Pain tore through Severus until he could hardly see. His vision grew black around the edges and he welcomed oblivion with open arms. But Lord Voldemort wouldn't let that happen so easily. He broke the Curse just short of letting Severus free and circled as his spy choked and moaned on the floor."You regret it, don't you Severusss? You know that you made a mistake and you want to redeem yourself. I am a graciousss Lord, am I not Severussss? I will give you one more chancce. Call the girl to you now, and thisss can all be over. I will take your pain away. I will make it quick. Jusssst CALL HER TO YOU!"Severus coughed, choking around the effort to use his vocal chords, but in the end he succeeded in saying just one word: "No.""Fine. Then you have made your choicccce. CRUCIO!"…*~*J*~*...Narcissa woke to the faint echo of screaming in the distance. She was well-used to this sound. But this time, it took on a different import. Who were they torturing? How did it affect her plans? She rose from her bed and began to dress.The corridors were empty. No one was about and she knew it wasn't merely the hour. The screaming got louder as she grew closer to the ballroom. Light fell across the Entrance Hall. Besides the terrible screaming of what seemed to be a man, the cackling of her deranged sister, Bella, and the voice of Lord Voldemort casting his favorite Curse, there was no sound.Narcissa stepped cautiously toward the entrance to the Hall. What if Lord Voldemort and Bella were there alone with someone? What if he caught her staring? What if the Hall was full of his followers and everyone saw her face? Her heart was pounding, clenching terribly in her chest. Her breathing nearly stopped. She faltered only two steps from the door.Every instinct told her to run, not to look, to hide away and keep herself safe and hope for no repercussions. But there was so much on the line. So, she took one last, shuddering breath, and stepped forward to peek around the door.…*~*J*~*...Draco tickled the pear in the painting and the door to the kitchens opened for them. Luna was unsurprised. She'd never been to the kitchens before, but you would hardly know it from the way she reacted. On one hand, this was frustrating for Draco. He could probably work all his life toward the goal of impressing Luna Lovegood, and he would die disappointed. And yet, on the other hand, he could simply exist and not try so hard at anything and Luna would love him just the same.The House Elves eyed Draco warily when he stepped through the door and he felt a flush of embarrassment. They took to Luna immediately, behaving as if they were friends. And they might very well be. But Draco had given them no reason to love him. He had never regretted that until now."Oh, yes please," Luna was saying to an excited elf. She had even knelt down to the creature's level. "Oh, we would love some, thank you." It made Draco's heart constrict. He could do better. He would do better. For Luna.…*~*J*~*...Arthur disarmed the angry witch who was shooting hexes at him and knocked her unconscious. He took the moment to breathe deep and check up on his boys again. Charlie was back to back with Elphias Doge, fending off attacks from three different Aurors between the two of them. Bill was nowhere to be seen. Arthur thought he might have heard Fleur's voice cry out a while back. Maybe Bill was tending to her.A streak of green shot right past Arthur's ear and he spun around to confront a large wizard with a mean face. Yaxley must have been recruiting. There were so many Aurors here he didn't recognize.He let his thoughts turn briefly to Molly and he realized that he might never see her again. The thought hit him like a blow from a dull knife, but he didn't have time to think about that right now. So, he let his heart fill with love for his beloved wife and family, and he stood to face the mean-looking Auror with pride.…*~*J*~*...Harry couldn't stand to sit still. He set his mug down on Hagrid's enormous table and stepped over to the window, peering out into the dark. He didn't see the grounds, but the faces of his friends; friends who were now fighting for him while he sat here doing nothing.Ginny came over to stand beside him. "Er… you know, Harry," she began, nervously, "you never did tell us how you managed to Charm the Mirror."Harry's lip turned up a smidge at the corner. It was obvious she just wanted to distract him, but he obliged her just the same. "It was something Dumbledore said," he began, his eyes still taking in the midnight silhouette of Hogwarts. "It was about… Chaos Theory, and… it had to do with a lot of the things Hermione has been saying."He said… when you stand on top of the Astronomy Tower, you can see the world the way a bird does. The mountains are the way they are because of the way the wind blows and the kinds of rocks that are underneath. The rivers are the way they are because of the way the mountains and the valleys are shaped. And the growth of the forest and the trees is determined by where the river flows."Harry glanced at his friends, but they only looked confused. His brow furrowed and he turned back to the window, imagining he could see it all unfolding right there in front of him."He said to look at the trees…"…*~*J*~*...Narcissa broke herself away from the terrible scene and was running. She didn't stop and think, she just ran. Screams of pain and shrieks of "Traitor!" chased her out into the night. The Dark Lord was demanding that his spy call his little pet to them. And the spy refused. He really does love her, she realized. Instinct told Narcissa that no one else knew what was happening, and that it could very well destroy their well-laid plan. She had to do something.The night was cold and the gardens were dark and misty. They would hide her escape. She ran through them, holding her skirts aloft, until she was outside the Apparition shield. And then she turned on the spot and was gone.The caves were dark and damp and she nearly slipped as she made her way to the entrance to Severus's rooms. It took her a moment to find the door in the dark, but when she did, she threw it open.The girl was there, in the middle of the room. She spun around in surprise, her face falling from an expression of relief to one of fear. "What…" she began, her voice cracking.Narcissa cut her off. "I need to speak to the Headmaster.""Is something wrong? What's happened?""There's no time. I need Albus Dumbledore."The girl's face was white and her mouth was open in horror. "He's not here," she said in a quiet voice. "He went to the Ministry… to stop the attack…"Narcissa's stomach dropped. Oh gods, what do I do now? What do I do?! Everything could very well be falling apart and there was nothing she could do!And then her eyes fell on the girl, the Muggleborn, Hermione Granger. And slowly she allowed herself to consider that maybe she would have an idea what to do."It's Severus…" Narcissa began. "He's been found out."…*~*J*~*...
Mwahahahaha! Please Review. :D

LOVE

:}

llorolalluvia










Chapter 75





Chapter Text
Hermione flew through the castle, her bare feet hardly striking the stone. She chased through the corridors, leaping down whole segments of staircase, never stopping to catch her breath. For one long moment, she had been sure that all was lost. Narcissa's words had knocked her off her feet. Severus has been found out. She had known in that moment that there was nothing they could do. They couldn't save Severus. They wouldn't win the War. It was over before it began.But then Narcissa had said something that nearly made Hermione want to kiss the other woman. "But the Charm is in place," she had explained in an anxious tone, "I set it this morning."Hermione launched herself down a flight of stairs, thinking belatedly how it would have been wise to grab a broom. At Narcissa's words, she had jerked into motion, rushing from Severus's rooms. She had hardly waited long enough to tell the other witch to go back the way she came. They might need her there.And then she had sent out the signal.Leaping down another length of staircase, Hermione landed hard on her ankle, collapsing against the stones. No. I don't have time for this. Without waiting a moment, she lurched back to her feet and hurried along as fast as she could, ignoring the shooting pain. That could be dealt with later. Severus needed her now.…*~*J*~*...When Severus's ring grew warm, his heart constricted with despair. Hermione knows. She was readying the forces; preparing for him to Summon her. But she didn't know Albus and the Order had been trapped. She didn't know they would not come. She didn't know there was no hope left for him.He thought of Hermione, how he wished he could see her just one more time. He thought of her cinnamon eyes and how he'd never look into them again. He thought of the Prophecy and the Curse; how they meant that she would win the war, that she would be free, and that he would die. He had never told her that. He had wanted to live in her beautiful delusions for a time. But his fate had been sealed the day that wretched Curse bound them together.And yet, if dying now was the price he had to pay for these last months of happiness, he wouldn't change a thing.…*~*J*~*...Albus stood in the center of the Wizengamot chamber, dueling five Aurors at one time. He wanted very much to end all of this and get the bloody hell out, but the Aurors were not their enemy. He couldn't justify harming them. So he continued to Stun, blocking nasty Hexes and even Curses from the new recruits, who quite possibly were real Death Eaters. For every one he felled, another two popped up in their place. He was losing the edge.All around the room, his carefully chosen team was fighting an uneven battle against an enemy they didn't dare harm. He scolded himself for being so hasty and foolish. And then the ring on his finger grew hot to the touch and he realized the extent of his folly. No.…*~*J*~*...Harry didn't wait an instant when he felt his ring grow warm. He bolted from Hagrid's hut, running across the lawn toward the castle. Ron and Ginny were on his heels and Hagrid wasn't far behind, shouting something about bringing Fang.I knew it! thought Harry, although what exactly he knew, he wasn't sure. But he felt alive in that moment. Finally, he would be able to do something! He was sick of waiting around and letting other people fight.They fairly burst into the castle, throwing wide the huge front doors and darting toward their destination: the Room of Requirement.…*~*J*~*...Fred and George Weasley flinched in unison, their faces snapping around to each other. Sirius set his glass of whiskey on the table, a manic sheen appearing in his haunted eyes. "Finally," he murmured, his voice trembling with anticipation. The twins squared their shoulders. They hadn't been allowed to go to the Ministry, but this was something they could do.Molly Weasley appeared in the doorway of the little kitchen, her eyes wide and her face white. Her mouth was agape in horror."Ready Mum?" The twins said in unison.Molly closed her mouth, met their eyes with stern resolve, and nodded.…*~*J*~*...Luna's hand froze in the air, cookie halfway to her open mouth. "Uh oh," she said in a strangely calm voice.Draco's brow furrowed. "What?""I have to go," said Luna, slipping off her stool."What? Where?""To the Room of Requirement, of course. It's time to fight.""What are you talking about?""You can come if you want to. But I understand if you can't. Your parents might be there, after all."Luna was heading toward the door when Draco jumped off his stool and grabbed hold of her hand. "Wait," he said, meeting her eyes. "What's going on?"Luna's eyes focused on him, losing their faraway look for a moment. "I'm being called," she told him, holding up her hand to show a simple, silver ring he hadn't noticed there before. "That means it's beginning. The War. I'm going to fight the Death Eaters and help Harry save the world. If you want to, you can come along.""But…" Draco felt like he'd been smacked in the face."It's alright," said Luna, giving him a sympathetic smile. "It's easier for me. My mind was already made up, you see. Daddy always said that people with power should protect, not oppress, those without." She shrugged. "It's harder for you, is all. Because you were never taught that.""I…" Draco could feel himself shaking. This was all so sudden. He had never expected it to come to this. How could he go against everything he had ever known, just because of one silly girl? And yet, it wasn't just one girl was it?Luna put her hand to his cheek, staring into his eyes with compassion and understanding. "Draco," she whispered, seeming almost sad, "it's your choice."…*~*J*~*...When Hermione reached the Room of Requirement Harry, Ron, and Ginny were already there. They were panting, their hands on their knees. Hagrid was lumbering toward them with Fang. Without saying a word, Hermione limped past the door until it opened to the right configuration."Alright," Hermione began, not knowing what to say. This wasn't how it was supposed to go. Their best forces were tied up at the Ministry and the rest were undoubtedly in bed. What if Severus called her before anyone arrived? What if he never called her at all? But surely he must know that she was preparing. He had a ring, after all. So then, was that it? Was it just a game of waiting and hoping now?"Alright," Hermione said again, taking a deep breath to steady herself, "So, I will just hold onto the Mirror of Erised. Harry, this middle mirror is yours." She gestured to the other mirror standing in the middle of the room and Harry nodded and went to stand with his back to her. He already knew that much, but she was grateful for his patience, especially when she felt so on edge. "The rest of you," she gestured to the others, "just… pick a mirror. I don't know. We were going to plan all that out…""Hang on," said Ron. "Aren't you going to explain? I thought we were waiting until after our NEWTS?"Hermione froze, not quite able to meet his eyes. "Narcissa Malfoy has just been to see me" She whispered, hesitating."And?""She said… she said Severus has been found out."Ron looked at her, askance."He's being tortured, Ron!"Ron scratched the back of his neck. "Well, that's a risk he took, isn't it? I mean, we can't throw everything away just because he got caught."Heat roared to life in Hermione's cheeks. "You must be joking…""I'm sure he didn't mean it like that," said Ginny, glaring at her brother."And anyway," continued Hermione, latching onto an idea, "if Severus dies…" her breath caught just saying the words aloud, "he won't be able to Summon me to Malfoy Manor and the whole plan will be ruined.""Hermione's right," said Harry. There was a determined look in his eye. "It's not like we planned, but it will have to do. Anyway, the Mirror is ready. What about the rest?""Narcissa Charmed the ones in the Hall. So that's done," said Hermione. "They need to be activated, but I'll do that when Severus Summons me.""But what about Dumbledore and the others?" said Ron. "We can't fight Death Eaters without him.""It's too late, Ron! I've already sent the signal. Severus will have felt it and he'll know that he can send for me soon. He'll know we're preparing. Dumbledore will get here if he gets here.""And if not?""Well, then we'll make do, Ronald! We've been training for this! And we'll have the element of surprise! We don't have the luxury of choices right now. Severus is being tortured! If we don't act fast, he might be killed!""Hermione," said Ginny, cutting off her anxious rant, "forgive me, but… what the hell are you wearing?"Hermione looked down at herself and the nightgown seemed to come into focus in slow motion. Oh. "Nevermind," she bit out, flushing.A door opened at the far end of the Room and Fred and George spilled out of a tunnel that had been concealed in the wall. Molly and Sirius were right behind them."Mum!" Ron and Ginny cried out at once, running over to embrace their mother. It was setting Hermione's nerves on edge that they wouldn't just stay put by one of the mirrors. Couldn't they see what was about to happen? What was happening right now?She thought of Severus, far away and in terrible pain. She wanted to go to him, to make it stop. But the rational part of her hoped he waited until they had a decent number."We were right!" George was saying."There is a secret passageway!" said Fred."And did you know Dumbledore has a brother?""Aberforth. I say, their parents sure had a sense of humor.""And an affinity for the letter 'A.'""But anyway, we're here now.""Suppose something went wrong, aye?""Where's Dumbledore and the Order?"Ginny began to explain the situation as Molly slowly made her way over to Hermione's side. "Hermione dear," she said in a concerned voice, eyeing the younger witch. "What on Earth are you wearing?"…*~*J*~*...Severus had never felt such pain. And he'd had his share of it. He'd already begged for his own death, but he refused Lord Voldemort's orders to Summon Hermione. Never! He could feel her signal through his ring, but he knew they had no chance. All of the Death Eaters were present tonight, and more besides. The room was crowded with followers of the Dark Lord, Summoned to see what awaited them if they ever considered betrayal. They watched eagerly, excited by their master's brutality. It made Severus sick.The ring pulsed again; hot, insistent. Didn't she know he wasn't going to Summon her here? Didn't she know he wouldn't risk her, even if the fate of the world was at stake? No. He would not Summon her to her death."Crucio!" Lord Voldemort screamed. Severus felt he had lived a lifetime in this torment. Had he ever known anything else? The dark wizard had used a number of more creative methods of torture, as well, but he kept coming back to that one hateful Curse.Severus was past screaming. His vocal chords were hoarse. His body burned as if on fire.He wanted to die.…*~*J*~*...Arthur Weasley dodged a shot from a heavyset Auror with graying hair. He was out of breath, but he was more determined than ever before. He had felt the summons through the ring he wore and he knew in his heart that his family would respond to the call. Fred, George, Ron, Ginny, and his dearest, sweet Molly. He pictured the lot of them readying for battle without him. Without the Order. Without Dumbledore. He couldn't let that happen.With renewed vigor, Arthur charged up the aisle, blasting Aurors to either side. They were in his way. He reached one of the doors that led out of the chamber and blew it open with a shocking display of magic. It made him feel alive. The corridor beyond was dark and cold and he could hear footsteps behind him before long. But still he ran, propelled by that image of his family. They would not face the Dark Lord without him. He would be there. He would keep them safe.…*~*J*~*...Professor McGonagall arrived fully dressed but more disheveled than Hermione had ever seen her. She searched the room with anxious eyes and her face drained of color as she asked about the Headmaster.After her, a steady stream of professors and D.A. members trickled through the door. Professors Flitwick and Sprout, Sinistra, Trelawney, and Hooch. Neville, Luna, Dean, Seamus, Parvati and Padma Patil. Even Lavender Brown showed up, looking scared but strangely determined. Gryffindors, Hufflepuffs, and Ravenclaws, alike, poured through the door. Hannah and Justin, Colin and Dennis, Susan and Anthony and Cho. A few graduates poured through the door to the secret passageway, too. Mostly, they were friends of Fred and George.Each person brought a little ray of hope to Hermione, but they were still so few. Everything was at risk here. She began to send the signal out through the ring over and over again, hoping Severus would getthefuckingmessage and that any last reinforcements would appear. Part of her wished someone would wake her up and tell her this was just a dream. Just a horrible, terrible, monstrous bad dream.Anxious chatter began to fill the room as each new person wanted to know what was happening. Bits and pieces of conversation burst in Hermione's ears. "What's going on?"... "Severus what?"... "Professor Snape?"... "The Ministry…" "But the plan…" "She did what?"... "Will it work?"One comment echoed over and over in Hermione's mind. "Will it be enough?"…*~*J*~*...Narcissa layered one last Warding Spell across the entrance to Malfoy Manor. The last thing they needed was for the Dark Lord's followers to escape like they had the last time the wizard was vanquished. She had secured amnesty for her own family and that was all that mattered. Maybe if the other Death Eaters were rounded up, this wouldn't happen again. She had changed her mind, after all. Maybe Lucius could be made to change his, too.She let out a breath, admiring her work. It would take them long enough to get through those. Then, she tiptoed back to the ballroom and peaked around a column at the entrance. Severus was lying on the floor. Is he alive? He was so still, she almost thought he must be dead. But then he moved the tiniest bit and she breathed a sigh of relief.Alright, Severus, she thought, you can send for her now. You know she's waiting. But Severus just curled up on the floor, gasping and choking like a dying man. Oh, please Severus! She silently begged him, but he made no move to Summon the girl. Her stomach dropped. He wasn't going to, was he? He didn't think they had a chance. Severus! She wanted to shout at him. Her heart was pounding in her chest. All of this rests on you!…*~*J*~*...It was never my fate to survive the War, Severus thought. Resigned, he reached into the pocket of his frock coat, wanting simply to feel Hermione's love just one last time. The little key was cold in his hand, but it filled him with such marvelous warmth. It felt as if… maybe life was worth living even despite all the pain.And then the key was ripped from his fingers, Summoned into the Dark Lord's hand. "No," Severus whimpered, his voice breaking. Don't take that from me. Take anything. Take my life. But don't take my key. Severus craned his neck around in search of the man who had taken Hermione's love from him. The Dark Lord sneered down at him with distaste."What... is thisss?" he snarled, uncomprehending. Severus blinked. It took him a moment to make sense of it, but then he was sure. The key tinked prettily as it hit the stone floor of the Hall and Severus had never felt so foolish. They had been naive to think that this plan could ever work. How could he have let Hermione believe that she could change the Dark Lord with love? He knew now, as he had known before, that Tom Riddle was beyond repair.Because Lord Voldemort couldn't feel the key.…*~*J*~*...Draco paced outside of the Room of Requirement, wrestling with himself. He couldn't go in there. Could he? It would be all Gryffindors and Hufflepuffs and they would Curse him and throw him out. Why wouldn't they? He was the enemy. Wasn't he?The door opened and Draco jumped back, but it was only Luna. She gave him a little smile and reached a hand out. She had known he would be there and was offering herself to him again. And he realized that it wasn't a choice at all. So he strode over to where she was holding out her hand, and he took it.…*~*J*~*...Tonks and Remus raced together through the corridors, taking turns throwing Hexes back at the Aurors close behind them. The fight had somehow leaked into the twisting hallways of the Ministry, and finally they thought they had a chance. If only they could get to an exit, they could make it to Harry's side before the real fight began.Remus stumbled to his knees and Tonks blasted the Auror chasing them backward before he had a chance to take Remus out. Then she helped her beloved to his feet and met his eye. A world of information passed between them in that instant and sudden passion brought them together like magnets with a kiss. "Marry me, Remus Lupin," Tonks whispered. Remus looked confused. They were already engaged, after all. She elaborated. "Marry me as soon as this is over. I want to be your wife."Remus smiled and nodded at her. "I promise," he said, and then he took her hand as another Auror appeared in the corridor behind them, and they began to run.…*~*J*~*...Hermione was sending signal after signal through the ring, gripping the Mirror of Erised tight in her other hand, when Draco Malfoy entered the Room of Requirement. She only knew because of the sudden quiet, then whispers of "What's he doing here?" And then, much to everyone's surprise, Ginny Weasley shouted out in a friendly voice "Draco!" and strode over to clap him on the shoulder.Harry was quick to follow, saying "'Bout time." And Ron took up the baton, flanking Draco's other side. Fred and George shrugged their shoulders and joined their friends in welcoming the Slytherin boy with ironic handshakes and little bows of approval. Draco glared at them. And all of this would have been quite enjoyable and sweet if Hermione wasn't ready to kill Severus for not responding to her signal!Tired, overwhelmed, and anxious, Hermione let her wand hand drop to her side and leaned her forehead against the back of the Mirror. He isn't going to answer. A tear of frustration escaped out of the corner of one eye and she held back a sob. She felt so powerless. Somewhere out there, Severus was in a great deal of pain, and she could do nothing to stop it.This can't be the way it all ends. Unexpectedly, her mind conjured up an image of Severus leaving the study at 12 Grimmauld. It was during the summer, before everything happened, and she had just learned about Chaos Theory. For some reason, watching him then, she had had the terrible idea that her eyes upon him in that moment could start a chain reaction somehow leading him to his doom. Hermione sucked her breath. No."What are you thinking about?" It was Luna. The slender Ravenclaw had snuck up on her and was now standing there watching her with those dreamy, clueless eyes.What do you THINK I'm thinking about?! Hermione wanted to say, but she bit her tongue. "Chaos Theory," she said, hoping to dismiss the subject."Oh!" said Luna, her eyes lighting up. "It's fascinating, you know. The Butterfly Effect. A lot of people think it means that everything is set in stone… that if you add up every tiny detail, you always get the same conclusion. But they're wrong, you see. That isn't what Chaos is. That's Order. Chaos is the idea that just one tiny detail can change the entire thing."Hermione blinked. "I… never thought about it like that…""Mmhmm," said Luna, smiling simply. "The Laws of the Universe may be constant, but we aren't helpless, you know. We have choice. And choice isn't just a factor, you see. It's the key.""The… key…" Hermione's mind began to race. Could it be?"Anyway, it's a good night to save the world," said Luna, staring up at the beautiful ceiling. Hermione hadn't noticed until now that the Room had included the vaulted ceiling and the painting of an angel. No, not an angel. The Malfoy's wouldn't have commissioned that. It was a goddess. Nike, holding a torch aloft to fill the room with Light. Nike, the Goddess of Victory."Why do you say that, Luna?""Because," Luna shrugged, "Chiron is in the sky tonight."Chiron. Hermione racked her brain. The symbol for Chiron is the shape of a key! Of course! The urge of this planet is to heal… The need of this planet is to carry the light! Maybe everything wasn't so far off course. Maybe they were exactly where they needed to be. I have the power to change this! It's my choice!Hermione let go of the Mirror and threw her arms around the strange, blonde girl. "Thank you, Luna!"When she released the other girl, she turned her thoughts back to Severus. She decided, right then and there, that their story didn't end here. After all, seeing her professor so vulnerable in the hallway at 12 Grimmauld may have been what started this chain of events, but it didn't decide the conclusion. That was up to her. Oh, if only I could… wait. "Yes!" Hermione gasped aloud and Harry jogged over to her."What it is Hermione?""I can go to him," she said. "I have to go to him."Harry looked at her blankly. "Isn't that the plan?""He isn't Calling me!" Hermione hissed. "But I can go to him. I've done it before. Listen," she turned to address the others in the Room, and they grew quiet and focused their attention on her, "I don't know what's happening on the other side," she said, suddenly nervous. "I don't know if we have any chance. I only know that Prof… Severus is there and I can't just wait around and hope for the best. Maybe bringing the Mirror to them will be enough. Maybe nobody else has to go. I can't ask any of you to follow me. But I have to do this."Harry's surprise turned into calm resolve. "Don't be ridiculous, Hermione. We're here to fight. We're coming with you."…*~*J*~*...Severus's limp body jerked in reaction to another bout of Cruciatus. He was past screaming. He was past begging. He was almost past the pain. Soon, it will all be over.Lord Voldemort ended the Curse just before Severus's vision went black. His robes rustled as he circled his prey. "Do you ssssee what your brother has become?" he hissed, his voice full of malice. "Your proud brother, Severusssss." He paused and the Hall was silent, absorbing his words. "Let thissss be a lesson. Betray me… and you will suffer. And you will beg for death. And then… you will be unable to beg at all." The Dark Lord paced, seeming to relish the moment. Severus could feel those red eyes on himself, but he no longer cared. "I should let him live. Let him revive. Then do thisss all over again!"Cheering and laughing filled the Hall. Somehow, despite his resignation to death, Severus still felt a glimmer of hope."But I won't." The Dark Lord laughed; a wicked, joyless sound. "And yet… I am a mercccciful Lord, am I not, Severusssss? You served me well for yearsss. It seemsss only fitting... that you should die by your own hand." A murmur of excitement swept the Hall, but Severus felt nothing. He was resigned, once more. "An exssssquisite Curse that you, yourself, devised." Yes. Please. Let it all be over.Severus pried open his eyes and turned to stare up at his tormentor one last time. The moment had come; the moment he had dreaded for a lifetime, but had always expected: he was going to die. The Dark Lord's red eyes bored into him. Eyes that he knew could see straight into his mind; past his flesh, past his fears, into his very soul. For a moment, he feared that his soul, tainted as it may have been, would be ripped from his body as if from the Kiss of a Dementor. But that didn't matter now. Finally, he would be free.Lord Voldemort lifted his hand high in the air, malice gleaming in his eyes, and Severus let his eyelids close in calm acceptance. "SECTUM SEMPRA!" the Dark Lord cried, and Severus didn't even feel it. His heart rose with relief and he felt free. Dying, after all, is a kind of freedom.When he opened his eyes, the most beautiful image filled his gaze. He was standing with Hermione, holding her close for all the world to see. He thought it must be Heaven.And then the image shook as something knocked into the back of it and Severus' illusions fell away.Pain tore into Hermione's back and she slumped against the back of the Mirror. The Dark Lord stood over her, terrible and… confused. This was her moment; her chance! Briefly, she considered cutting him down right then and having it over and done, but she wanted to give him a chance. A chance to change. So she took her one opportunity and waved her arm in an arc through the open air, sending a flash of bright light to the edges of the room. It glinted off the surfaces of a hundred silver mirrors. And even as her wand flew out of her hand, undoubtedly the work of one of the dozens of Death Eaters there, she smiled."What…" Lord Voldemort began, and then the Hall erupted into chaos.Ron grinned at his sister one last time before jumping through the mirror next to hers. They roared in anger and anguish and glee. Finally, they would be able to fight. The world spun around and he nearly fell to his knees when he found himself facing away from the wall. But the Death Eaters with their backs to him were much more surprised. And as his own feet steadied, theirs were torn out from under them.Flashes of magic filled the Hall and isolated shouts turned into an angry roar. There were so many Death Eaters! How could they possibly win?Harry stepped out of the Mirror of Erised, fully expecting to come face to face with Lord Voldemort. Instead, he tripped over a bundle of black cloth and fell hard on his knees. Death Eaters looked on in confusion from every direction, but there was one wizard he did not see. Frantic, he got to his feet, dismayed to find that he faced an empty throne.Shots of red and green magic sailed past him as he spun around, searching the Hall for Lord Voldemort. His eyes fell on the Mirror and he found, to his horror, that in that moment he wanted nothing more than to see the Dark Lord dead. And then the man in question stepped out from behind that pane of silvered glass and Harry called out to him. "Tom!"Voldemort's angry red eyes snapped to him and he stalked forward, raising his wand.No! Severus understood what had happened too late and his mind revived with a painful jolt. He had to act. Hermione was here. She was hurt. She had taken the blow that had been meant for him. He pulled himself along the marble floor, struggling around the Mirror of Erised."No," he panted, draping an arm across her lap. Blood pooled beneath her. "You fool," he whispered, his voice still hoarse. "Go to Madame Pomfrey," he ordered, but she didn't budge. "Go!" But she only turned her eyes to his and gave him a victorious smile.She was free.The Death Eaters were quick to catch on, drawing their wands and springing into action with shouts of anger, promising violence. Sirius Black was ready. So many years he'd been waiting for this chance. He'd never felt this alive.When he saw the figures crouching by the Mirror in the center of the room, defenseless and weak, he didn't hesitate. He fought his way to them and stood his ground, deflecting the attacks of several Death Eaters who had gotten the idea to finish off the weakened pair. "Just try it!" Sirius shouted with a laugh. He felt giddy with power. The first three opponents brave or stupid enough to approach went down without a fight. Sirius was electricity manifest. No one could take him down.Severus pulled Hermione to him. Hot blood soaked the back of her nightgown. The scent of it filled the air. The original price, he thought, his mind racing. The original price was her life. But no! It couldn't happen this way. He couldn't let it. "A wand," he murmured, glancing around frantically for anyone who could help him. But of course, they could not. The Hall was a blur of movement and magic. No one could spare a wand.Draco held onto Luna's hand. "Please, don't go," he begged."I have to," she responded. "I've made my choice. You have to make yours. Come with me, or let me go." And as she stepped toward the nearest mirror, Draco found that he couldn't let go of her hand. He wouldn't wait here while she was there, knowing the danger she was in. He needed to keep her in his sights, even if it meant putting himself in danger.When Narcissa Malfoy saw her son step through one of the mirrors, her reaction was automatic. Suddenly, she was running, drawing her wand, blasting Death Eaters out of her way. She fought her way to Draco's side, cutting down a burly man who had been about to shoot something nasty at her son. There was no time for words. There were too many enemies slowly catching on all around them. She had to act fast.As Death Eaters rushed them, shocked and angry, Narcissa found herself back to back with the Lovegood girl. Stranger things had certainly happened, but nothing came to mind. And then she caught Lucius' eye. He had been backing toward an exit, but he stopped dead when he saw his wife and son. She couldn't afford to watch him struggle his way across the room, but every time she glanced over, he was closer to them. Her heart rose in her chest at the sight of him. Lucius. My love.Hermione's eyes were heavy. It was a struggle to keep them open. She watched Severus' anxious face as he searched the crowd for some assistance. There was desperation there. Part of her felt like a fool for throwing herself into this situation. But she wouldn't take it back. Severus was safe. Now, she could rest.Her lids slipped closed and she had to force them open again. No. Don't. Not yet. It all seemed so much clearer, now. Her studies. All of the various paths her research had taken her down. Really, they all led to one conclusion. Darkness cannot drive out darkness, only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate, only love can do that. Even the Philosopher's Stone was not what it seemed. It was a metaphor. Oh sure, Nicolas Flamel had created a powerful magical object capable of fulfilling all of the Stone's requirements. But he had missed the entire point.What has the power to make ordinary objects hold extraordinary value? What has the power to heal where all other medicines fall short? What has the power to give eternal life? The answer is simple. Love.As above, so below. They were all fighting a War of Good and Evil, but inside themselves they were each fighting that exact same war.She understood, now. It didn't matter if Voldemort found his Philosopher's Stone in the Mirror of Erised. Hermione's journey had not been about him. Perhaps some people were beyond repair and the Dark Lord would simply perish in the Mirror, never understanding love. It didn't matter. Because she had saved Severus. She had taught him to love and pulled him back from the abyss he knew so well. She had found him in a state of Nigredo and had lightened his life with her love until his heart opened to her. Severus. My Magnum Opus.Harry led Lord Voldemort forward until the man was standing in front of the Mirror of Erised. He deflected blow after blow of the Killing Curse without casting any Curses of his own. He had wanted to tell this bitter old wizard that there was more to the world than the hate he had, but he couldn't bring himself to sympathize with him right now. This was the man who had killed his parents. And in that moment, Harry wanted him dead.If only he could get the bastard to turn around and face his fate. But alas, the wizard's focus was on him. So Harry began to circle, deflecting the Dark Lord's blows as he turned them around, slowly positioning Lord Voldemort to look into the Mirror of Erised.Sirius was panting. A dozen Death Eaters lay unconscious or dead all around him. Few were brave or determined enough to challenge him now. He felt vindicated for the first time in sixteen years!Then his eyes caught on a familiar face as a new challenger approached. His cousin. Bellatrix Lestrange. He narrowed his eyes at her, dipping his head in a sardonic bow. She grinned, madness glinting in her eyes. He had dreamed of this day for years. Grinning himself, his own share of madness showing through, Sirius Black squared off with his cousin and raised his wand."No, no, no," Severus whined unconsciously. This wasn't supposed to happen. He needed to make this right. His eyes sought a solution, but there was none to be had. I did this, he couldn't help but think. I invented this Curse. And she was slowly dying from it. The realization hit him like a jolt to his nerves, more painful than anything he'd felt all night. She was dying alone while he searched for an answer that wouldn't be found. This was it. He was missing her final moments. He turned his eyes to her, his vision blurring. She smiled up at him, sad and soft. "No," he murmured."I'm sorry," she whispered. The goddess Victory watched on as Severus pulled Hermione into his lap, rocking her softly and crying. Unlock Victory and she shall be free, Hermione thought. But death is a kind of freedom. "I made a choice," she whispered. Given the chance, I would do it all again.Arthur was within sight of the Ministry Floos when a pair of Aurors shot out in front of him. He stopped short, caught off guard, defeated. But the Aurors were thrown backward and suddenly Remus and Dora were there. "Thanks for that," said Arthur."Don't mention it," said Remus, out of breath."Bloody hell," said Dora, as another group of Aurors rounded the corner.They made a run for it, shooting backwards at the Aurors, only to find more Aurors waiting for them up ahead. They were surrounded. "Fuck all," said Remus, clearly winded."No," said Arthur, "I have to get to my Molly."Sirius matched Bella block and blow. Sweat shon on their foreheads and they gritted their teeth like the same kind of animal as they shot angry flashes of green and red magic at each other. They were both panting, their muscles tense. They couldn't go on like this forever. Sooner or later, one of them would be too slow."Ickle puppy!" Bella cackled. "Such a good boy! Does your master give you treats?" Sirius scowled. "Oh yes! Peter told us all about you, loyal dog! Now you're just a baby's pet!""You only wish that for yourself!" Sirius countered. "Does your master like the way you grovel? Does he let you kiss his feet? You know he doesn't love you, don't you Bella dear?"Bellatrix scowled at Sirius, then bared her teeth. He barked a laugh and nearly let a jet of red slip past his shields. He needed to be more careful with this one.Ron and Ginny stood back to back, defending against an assault from all sides. Their Mum was nearby somewhere, shouting surprisingly colorful phrases at the approaching Death Eaters. It actually wasn't so bad. The crowd seemed to be thinning. In fact, most of the Death Eaters seemed to be running away. Bastards! thought Ron. He hated the thought of them getting away with this. And then his eye caught on the two figures on the floor behind the Mirror of Erised. Hermione. His stomach dropped at the sight of her lying there in her own blood. But Snape was there. He was helping her, wasn't he?"Sorry lot!" shouted George to his brother, over the din."Sad bunch, yeah," agreed Fred, their shoulders bumping."Like they haven't had a practice in months.""Didn't they know we wouldn't let them off without a fight?" The Death Eaters around them were getting angry at their words and insolent grins and were therefore getting clumsy.George tsked as another one went sailing, landing hard against the marble floor. "You'd think the evil mastermind behind all this would have higher standards.""Pitiful really!" Fred agreed. But the Death Eaters really were gaining the advantage. It was just a matter of time before one of them slipped past the twins' defenses. Neither would admit it in a million years, but they were both hoping Harry Potter would hurry the fuck up.Sirius' Hex slipped past Bellatrix' shield, sending her flying. He laughed as he approached her, savoring her glare. She pulled herself back to her feet and attacked with renewed vigor, but he was ready. He matched her blows, grinning as she scowled. He was giddy with his own victory.And then, suddenly, a flash of red slammed into his chest and he went reeling backward. The floor was hard against his back. His head cracked against the marble. He saw stars. When he looked up, he saw Bella standing over him and went to lift his arm, only to find it immobile. She cackled. Fear and regret stabbed through him in an instant as Bella raised her wand."Avada Kedavra!" she shouted, her eyes laughing madly at him. There was a flash of green and then everything went black.This was surreal. Draco was back to back with his father, dueling Death Eaters with his mother and Luna Lovegood. Was this a dream?Then someone was squeezing Draco's shoulder. He spun around, meeting eyes with his father. Those eyes, the same steely grey as his own but filled with decades of sadness and worry, turned to glance across the room. Draco followed his gaze and saw his dear Aunt Bella approaching the crumpled forms of Severus and Hermione. Without a word, his father released his shoulder and ran off toward the crazy witch.Draco watched them face off, snarling at each other and shooting Hexes and Curses that could kill. But he couldn't watch for long. Some of the Death Eaters who had run for the door were now rushing back in to attack in full force. Draco trained his wand on them and put his back to the wall. If worse came to worse, he could always step through a mirror."Please," said Severus. His Hermione. The smart, beautiful witch who had awakened him to the joys of life and taught him about love. She was wearing the nightgown she'd worn on their first night together. And she looked like a goddess. No, an angel; his angel; the angel from his dreams. Broken. All because of me.He thought of the fantasies he'd had of life with Hermione after the War. No more. But he had already mourned that impossible future. Now, he mourned the woman she would have become. Hermione Granger, the brightest witch of her age. She would go on to do such wonderful things. And yet, hadn't she done something wonderful here? She had saved them; saved him; saved the Wizarding World.But he would take her place in an instant. She was his Hermione. His angel. His beautiful, insufferable know-it-all, with her mane of wild, impossible hair and her eyes the exact shade of cinnamon. He would never look into those cinnamon eyes again. "Hermione," he whispered."I'm sorry," she said again. Tears gathered at the corners of her eyes and she lifted a pale hand to his face. "I love you.""Oh gods," Severus choked, tears now streaming down his cheeks. He buried his face in her riotous curls and whispered into her ear. "I love you too."Narcissa's eyes kept snapping back to her husband fighting her sister in the middle of the room. Lucius was no match for the mad witch, and she should know. She watched as a flash of red threw Lucius backward and found herself tearing toward her sister before she could deal a killing blow.In the middle of the floor, the two Black sisters faced each other."Think you can finish what your husband could not, ickle Cissy?" Bella cackled."I never should have let you into my home!""That's probably true," Bella grinned. She nearly caught her sister off guard, starting off strong with a Killing Curse. But Narcissa blocked it in time and glared at her sister."I don't even know you anymore.""I could say the same. I should have known you were a traitor! Ickle… Cissy… after I finish you off, I think I'll go find Draco."Narcissa snarled, glaring at her sister. She had wasted enough time. Bellatrix deserved to die. And Narcissa would see that it happened, even if she had to do it herself."SNAPE! SNAAAAAAAAPE!"Severus' head snapped up. His eyes swept the chaos of the ballroom, finally landing on a shock of red hair, visible over the heads of two Death Eaters who'd had the bad luck to find themselves paired against Minerva. Ron Weasley.Severus winced as something shot through the air in his direction, but his hand shot out to catch the object as it nearly sailed past his head. A wand. Severus thought he could kiss the boy. "Hermione," he said, his voice abrupt and full of hope, "I need you to sit up.""He said to look at the trees... if you wanted to understand."Having thrown his only weapon halfway across the room, Ron found himself frozen in place with shock. What the hell was he supposed to do now? An ugly, angry-looking Death Eater turned to face him with a nasty snarl and Ron found himself running in the opposite direction. Well, if he couldn't fight, he supposed that left him little choice. So he found the nearest mirror and jumped through."He said that when you look at a tree, you understand that it bends the way it does because of the trees it grew up beside. That its branches reach the way they do because of the direction of the sun."Remus, Tonks, and Arthur Weasley were surrounded. They stood with their backs to each other and defended against attack after attack, without making much headway. More and more Aurors were rushing to the scene. Sweat beaded on Remus's forehead and his lungs were on fire just trying to breathe.Suddenly, to his confusion, the Aurors began to fall over, one by one. He craned his neck around in time to see Charlie, Kingsley, Madeye, and Dumbledore. At last!"You forgive the tree its imperfections and never blame it if its trunk is full of rot, or when it's choked by vines or blocked from the sun and doesn't have the chance to really grow."A flash of red streaked toward Fred and he leapt out of the way, but George was not so lucky. He flew against the wall, hitting hard with a terrible crunching sound before collapsing to the floor. "George!" Fred shouted, blocking Curses as he rushed to his brother's side. "You'll pay for that!" he screamed at the advancing figures as he crouched beside his twin. All hints of a smile were gone. Now, it was serious.Narcissa panted, her eyes glued to her sister. She didn't so much as blink. Bella's lips were stretched in a mad grin, so certain that she would win. It set Narcissa's nerves on edge. She was no match for her sister. She had never been a dueler. She had never gotten into fights. Bellatrix was just toying with her. It was only a matter of time.A shot of red knocked Narcissa off her feet and Bella cackled, stepping slowly forward. Arrogance gleamed in her eyes and dripped from her every gesture. Narcissa knew she had wanted this for some time. But she couldn't let her sister win. She had Draco to think of. While Bella gloated, savoring the moment, Narcissa slashed the air with her wand. Bella's mouth fell open in shock. Her eyes grew wide and she stumbled to her knees. Red blood appeared in a line across her throat, slowly oozing out and then pouring from her in a steady stream. Narcissa didn't blink. She watched her sister grow pale and collapse into a bloody heap on the floor."So why don't we see a person the way we see a tree?"Ron paced the Room of Requirement. It was eerily quiet and that set his nerves on edge. He didn't want to mope around here, waiting. Anxious, he strode over to one of the mirrors and hesitated. He needed to know. Taking a deep breath, as if preparing for a dive, he stuck his head through the mirror.His face nearly collided with the back of some Death Eater's greasy head. He snapped backward and guffawed into the empty room. The Room! Ron looked around and, sure enough, the Room of Requirement had provided him with a weapon. It was only a vase, and pottery mind you, but he didn't need to kill the man, after all.The vase smashed beautifully against the Death Eater's skull and Ron withdrew with a laugh to find another vase waiting on the floor."Why don't we see that they are the way they are because of the life they've had?""Vulnera Sanentur, Vulnera Sanentur, Vulnera Sanentur…" Severus cooed, waving his wand slowly over the exposed skin of Hermione's back. This had to work. She had to live."Because of the people who have loved them, or the lack thereof."Harry could feel the sweat on his forehead. He was quick, but Lord Voldemort was faster. Every Shield he threw up was a little bit slower than the last one. "Coward!" cried the Dark Lord. "Stand and FIGHT!"Harry found his voice. "Your hate will be the death of you!"Voldemort cackled. "Fool! Albusss was a fool! Jussst like you!""Albus Dumbledore is a greater wizard than you ever were!""You know nothing! I am the greatest wizard that ever wassss or that ever WILL BE!""You are a selfish bastard…" Harry panted, "who will never know real joy or love! You have no friends! No one cares about you! And when you die… No one will mourn for you!"Ron popped his head out of another mirror, searching for his next victim. His eyes leapt up to Harry, fending off Lord Voldemort's attacks. If only Harry would dive out of the way, or something, Voldemort would have a clear sight of the Mirror. But the Dark Lord's eyes were glued to the form of his nemesis. Ron had the sudden thought that he would only glance up at the Mirror if he succeeded at cutting Harry down. His stomach dropped. Oh no."Because people are just like trees."Severus pulled back to look into Hermione's eyes. She was weak. She had lost a lot of blood. But she was alright. She would survive. And if that meant that she was no longer free from her Curse, so be it. "Go to Madame Pomfrey," he demanded again. But she remained sitting in his lap, looking into his eyes. Oh, those beautiful, cinnamon eyes."No," she whispered, her lips spreading in a smile. And then she wrapped her arms around his neck, and pulled him down. He gave no thought to the world around them, all the people there to witness this indiscretion. His Hermione was alive and that was all that mattered in the world.Their lips met and he kissed her with more tenderness than he had ever felt before. She was his everything. Tears escaped his eyes as he held her, love glowing inside of him as he kissed her forehead, her temple, and her hair. All of the things he had mourned were possible again. And he'd be damned if he'd let it escape him this time. Nothing would ever keep him from her again."Unless we are sick… if we are given the choice…"Harry was stuck. He couldn't think of any way out. He needed Voldemort to look into the Mirror. But Lord Voldemort's eyes were fixed on him. The realization hit like a punch in the stomach. Maybe he would look into the Mirror if Harry weren't in the way. Maybe that was the way it had to happen. For neither can live while the other survives. Maybe he had to die."We reach for the light."Ron stuck his head out of the Mirror of Erised as Harry lowered his wand. Lord Voldemort sneered, raising his own wand high into the air. Ron didn't flinch away, but reached out, grabbing Harry by the arms, and yanked his best friend back through the Mirror. They collapsed on the floor of the Room of Requirement, all noise suddenly gone. It was eerily quiet, and the boys looked at each other in alarm.Draco glanced up in time to see Potter disappear into the Mirror of Erised and his eyes went wide. Lord Voldemort's Curse hit the surface of the Mirror, but it did not rebound. Instead, the Mirror glowed an eerie green as the Dark Lord cried out in anguish. The sound was more terrible than anything Draco had heard all night. Witches and wizards all across the Hall turned toward the Dark Lord as he stumbled backward, screaming in agony and staring at the Mirror in alarm. Everyone froze in shock and awe as Lord Voldemort's body began to dissolve into smoke that poured through the air in inky tendrils, sucked into the Mirror of Erised, itself. His screaming echoed through the Hall until every last wisp was absorbed and then, for the space of a heartbeat, there was silence.Time stood still.Then, the Mirror EXPLODED into a thousand shards! Severus threw himself on top of Hermione, covering her with his cloak and burying her face in his arms. But the shards, themselves, became sand as they flew until all that was left was the glitter of silver dust across the marble of the Hall.Harry and Ron peeked out from under their robes. The mirror in the Room had exploded! There was nothing left but sand. The door to the secret passageway opened and Dumbledore appeared. The members of the Order stumbled into the Room of Requirement, their eyes landing on Harry and Ron and the dust that littered the floor.The shocked silence of the Hall soon turned to desperation as the Death Eaters began to retreat. George finally woke up enough to grab a passing ankle, tripping the cloaked figure and sending it crashing to the floor. "Good one, Georgie!" said Fred, still holding his brother protectively. They peered out into the Entrance Hall, where the Death Eaters appeared to be shooting magic at the door. It burst open, spilling robed figures out into the gardens and Fred realized that it was early morning now."Oh no you don't!" Professor McGonagall cried, chasing after the herd of Death Eaters with Flitwick and Hagrid in tow. The Death Eaters were escaping. But Fred just didn't have the energy to go after them right now. Shouldn't have sat down, he thought.Just then, the mirrors burst into life again as The Order of the Phoenix appeared, looking harried and... spectacular. It only took them a moment to find their bearings and chase after the bastards. Dumbledore paused in the entrance, waving his wand in the air, and the dark, early morning sky grew bright for a moment. Shouts rang out as dark figures rose into the air. Kingsley Shacklebolt put a hand on the Headmaster's shoulder, then strode out into the darkness."Well Georgie," said Fred, "I think that's that.""Thervth 'em wight," George mumbled through his swollen face. "The bathtardth."Severus cradled Hermione in his lap. He couldn't risk trying to move her yet. She needed a Blood Replinishing Potion and several doses of Strength. But she would be alright. She was alive. And she was free. It all made much more sense now. Really, he should have known. The Original Price was that I saved her life. She paid it by saving mine. All around the Hall, people were beginning to tend to the wounded and the dead. He swallowed, knowing that Hermione was very nearly among them. His eyes searched the faces of the fallen. Luckily, there were only a few.George Weasley seemed to have broken his face on something and one shoulder hung loose from the socket, but he and Fred were already laughing again. Neville Longbottom was comforting a crying Lavender Brown while Padma and Parvati leaned, exhausted, against the wall. And over there… Severus's stomach dropped. A group of blonde figures were crouched over something on the floor beside the wall. Luna Lovegood and Draco Malfoy were both consoling Narcissa as she cried into Lucius Malfoy's chest. His eyes were shut and the color had drained from his complexion. It felt like a blow to the chest.Narcissa pulled away from her husband, her breath hitching on a sob. So this is where our story ends. She mourned the beautiful future she had wanted to build together. But in her heart, she had known there was not much chance. So she pulled away, basking in love for Lucius as he had been so many years ago. And in one hand, she clutched the stem of a single white rose.Harry and Ron returned to Malfoy Manor, glancing about for fallen friends. They were joined by Ginny and the twins. Tears streaked their faces as they took turns holding one another. They were together. They had survived. Hermione watched them, wanting to go to them, to tell them she was sorry for being so distant these past few months. To become part of their group again and mourn together for the friends and family they had lost.But there would be time for that later, when she was well enough to stand. For now she rested, basking in relief, and held Severus close for all the world to see.…*~*J*~*...
Stay tuned for the Epilogue.

LOVE

:}

llorolalluvia










Chapter 76: Epilogue
    




Chapter Text

EPILOGUE

...*~*J*~*...
The gauzy white material of Tonks' simple wedding dress was plastered to her in the wind. Beside her, Remus looked scruffy as ever. Somehow, even dress robes weren't enough to hide the wolf within. But Tonks didn't seem to mind. They beamed at each other; neither quite able to look away.Un-amplified by magic, their vows were swallowed up by the ocean, heard only by each other, with Dumbledore as witness. Their bare feet pressed into the powdery sand. Hermione was unsurprised to see a small tattoo on Tonks' dainty ankle; the silhouette of a wolf howling at the moon.Next to Remus, Severus looked uneasy. Hermione wondered if he had done as he'd promised and taken shots of Ogden's beforehand. From his expression, (and the fact that emotions were actually showing on his face) she guessed that he had. Poor dear. He looked so awkward and uncertain, as if he were still not sure why he was there. She knew, had circumstances been different, the Slytherin never would have accepted the position. Sirius Black should have stood in that spot. But he had died defending the them.Hermione shivered and her mum wrapped an arm around her shoulders. A cool breeze had swept away the summer heat, but it wasn't the chill that raised bumps on Hermione's arms.The sun kissed the horizon just as Remus kissed his bride, their figures silhouetted before the deep pink glow. They melted into one another and for a moment, all was right with the world. Then Tonks was dashing off toward the cottage, dragging a stumbling Remus along behind her. His grin never faltered once.The friends and family gathered began to turn to one another, sharing smiles of momentary contentment. It was a breath of fresh air after months of nearly drowning. They made their way to the cottage, lingering in doorways, chatting aimlessly about how beautiful the ceremony had been. Tables were covered with horderves and glasses of champagne. Hermione took a glass and met Severus's eye across a room. He was nodding at something Arthur Weasley was saying, the hint of a smile on his lips. She wanted to go to him, but was also unsure. Her parents hadn't spoken to Severus since the Christmas hols and she didn't know how they would react to him now.Their relationship had made quite a shock wave in the Magical Community, but there was no denying there was something between them after his performance at the Manor. After the initial scandal, however, everyone began to admit that it made a certain sense. And anyway, such an age difference was not unheard of in the Magical World. But Dumbledore had been quick to make the importance of their roles in the War against Lord Voldemort known, so Hermione imagined they were all just grateful to the unlikely pair. That, or they had all gotten tied up in the romance of it all.From around a doorway into another room, Ginny Weasley suddenly appeared. "Hermione," she said, grabbing the other witch's arm, "you've got to come."Hermione stumbled backward, taken off guard by the other girl's vehemence. "What?""We've just been to Grimmauld Place. Our scores have arrived."Hermione had to grasp the door frame in order to steady herself. Our NEWTS, she thought, her eyes growing wide. She'd been waiting for her scores all summer. Really, she'd been waiting for this her whole life. Breathless, she allowed Ginny to take hold of her hand and drag her into the room where the mirror had been set up. They practically skipped into that silvery surface, emerging into the dim, grimy light of 12 Grimmauld.…*~*J*~*...Severus watched Hermione go with a curious stare. In fact, he was so absorbed with curiosity that he didn't notice Mrs. Granger's cautious approach."Professor," the woman's voice began, hesitant and apologetic.Severus snapped to attention. Meeting the woman's eyes, he wanted nothing more than to escape. But he was trapped. "Good evening," he said as way of an awkward response."I just…" she hesitated, biting her lip. Apparently that was a habit Hermione had gotten from her mum. "We heard about… everything," she began, lamely. "About how you were… what happened to you. And… I know it was because you protected us." Severus felt like a trapped animal. He didn't know what to say. "I just wanted to tell you… that… I'm sorry. I… didn't understand the… extent of the situation and… I appreciate everything you did. For us. Thank you."Severus nodded, not quite trusting himself to speak."Professor Dumbledore tells me it was your idea to hide us away and that… we would likely be dead if you hadn't, so…" she let out a long huff of air, clearly out of things to say."Don't," he told her, embarrassed by her vehemence. "It was a risk I knew I was taking," he said, the words spilling out of his mouth of their own volition. The drink had clearly loosened his tongue. "And given the choice," he continued, his better judgment not having any say, "I would do it all again."…*~*J*~*...Hermione paced in the little bedroom she had shared with Severus so many months ago. Her unopened letter was clutched in both of her hands. Somehow, she couldn't bring herself to open it.Once more, she paused in her pacing to stop and stare down at the creamy, pressed parchment of the envelope. It was heavy in her hands. Her fingers itched to slip inside and rip the letter open. And yet, at the same time, she could not make them move.This is ridiculous, she told herself, rolling her eyes. She had faced the most powerful evil wizard of all time. Surely she could manage to face her NEWTS scores. With this in mind, she let her breath out in a huff of impatience and tore the envelope open. The parchment fell out onto the floor. Eyes wide, she bent to pick the paper up. Her hands were shaking. Her eyes skimmed over the grades she had gotten and the tension went out of her with one little word. "Oh."Ginny, Harry, and Ron burst into her room at that, brandishing their own open letters. "There you are!" Harry exclaimed."Well, let's see then," said Ron, gesturing to her letter. Instinctively, she ripped it out of his reach."Hermione, you've gone white," said Ginny, eyeing her friend with concern."Have I?" said Hermione, dismayed when it came out as little more than a whisper."Come on, 'Mione," Ron groaned. "It must be better than any of us did.""I…" Hermione couldn't pull her eyes away from the parchment. "I… got an E in Defense.""And?" said the others in unison."And… that's it.""That's it?" said Ginny, raising an eyebrow."Oh, I mean, I got O's in all the others, of course.""Of course," echoed Harry and Ron, grinning."Hermione," Ginny began, putting a hand on the other girl's shoulders. "You know, you also saved the Wizarding World in that time, so… I wouldn't be too worried about it."Hermione nodded absently. "You're right. I know. I just… I could have done better.""Yeah, and you could have died, too.""Ron!" Harry and Ginny glared at the red-haired prat."What? I'm just saying. You're too hard on yourself, 'Mione. If you can't be happy with those grades after saving the world, you'll never be happy."Hermione turned to him at that, staring into his bright blue eyes. "You're right, Ron," she said. "Thank you." A weak smile broke out across her face and she nearly hugged him; nearly but not quite."Yeah well," said Ron, rubbing the back of his neck, "let's get back to the party, yeah?"…*~*J*~*...Remus and Tonks Lupin had eyes only for each other as they danced beneath the stars. Albus Dumbledore had offered them Hogwarts for the wedding and the Minister of Magic, himself, had offered them a variety of grand venues large enough to accommodate the many admirers and wellwishers who wanted to attend. But Remus and Tonks only wanted to be together.The joy of the occasion danced just above the surface of a somber weight that had settled since the fall of Lord Voldemort. Sirius Black was dead. Remus Lupin's closest friend. Harry's godfather. He had saved Hermione and Severus from countless Death Eaters at the Manor. And she would never have a chance to thank him for that.Hermione glanced around the party, her heart full of love for each person there. She knew, just watching them, that they felt it too. Molly and Arthur were practically glued to each other in a dance too slow for the music. Fred and George were whispering behind their hands and sneaking glances at a couple of Tonks' attractive Auror friends. Fleur leaned against Bill's shoulder, her face now marred by a scar that matched her husband's.Harry and Ginny clasped hands and followed Ron to the tables of food. She watched them, studying their faces as they laughed uproariously at something Charlie said. Their cheeks were already flushed from the rum the twins had snuck in earlier and their cheerfulness verged on mania.Hermione smiled, so happy to be surrounded by so many wonderful people. Not a one of them wasn't a decorated War Hero now. And yet, at the same time, they were still just her friends. Yes, to the rest of the world they were the Order of the Phoenix, Albus Dumbledore's hand-picked team of skilled and brilliant witches and wizards; the very team who took down Lord Voldemort, himself. But to Hermione, they were laughter in a cramped kitchen, shared worries and amplified hopes, cozy afternoons sitting in silence in the study at Grimmauld. They were family.She caught sight of Severus as she peered through another doorway. He was standing with her mum and dad. And he was laughing. They were laughing. Together. Hesitant and curious, she approached. Their chuckling evened out into broad grins and her mother placed a kiss on the top of her head before taking hold of her father's hand and leading him outside.Without warning, Severus took her chin in his hand and placed a chaste kiss against her mouth. She went rigid with shock, and just as she began to melt against him he offered her his hand. It was an offer of dance, but it was also his way of telling her without words that they had broken past the last gate keeping them apart. It was alright now. Finally, they could be together.He led her outside, stopping at the threshold to struggle out of his dragonhide boots. He added them to the pile of discarded shoes beside the door and together they stepped barefoot out into the sand. They danced beneath the stars and laughed as they stumbled through the dunes. It was not a graceful dance; not like it had been at the Halloween party a lifetime ago. But it was a beautiful one. For they held each other close and smiled into each other's eyes. And this time, there were no masks.
The End
…*~*J*~*...
Thank you.

Love,

:}

llorolalluvia