Chapter 1: Grief
    




Chapter Text
Nymphadora Tonks stared blankly into the mirror. This wouldn’t be the first memorial service she’d ever attended. No, she’d attended several over the years. More since becoming an Auror. None of them felt near so important as today’s, though.With a crinkle of her nose she turned her hair a warm chestnut brown. She wasn’t even sure what her natural hair colour was, it was the one part of her that had changed incessantly from the moment she was born. The brown was a safe bet, she figured- the colour of her mother’s hair. Her skin tone, facial features and dark eyes were easier, they always remained the same unless she’d morphed them with a specific design in mind. Today she wanted to feel simply herself.She grabbed her navy dress robes from where they lay on top of the riotously coloured quilt that graced her parent’s guest bed. She’d spent the week with Andromeda and Ted, not wanting to return to her own cramped, grey flat. Navy was a good choice, she nodded at her reflection. Sirius would have understood the tongue in cheek meaning behind flouting the traditional memorial colour.Taking a deep breath, Tonks reached for the doorknob and paused a moment. She felt as if she were bound by ropes, constricting slowly tighter with each passing minute. Her mother’s grief was beyond anything Tonks had ever seen. Sirius had been the only family Andromeda had ever felt true kinship to. And she had lost him for so many years. Though, Tonks knew, her mum had never truly believed Sirius capable of the crimes with which he had been charged.Tonks, also, had never known a grief such as this. Sirius had become like an older brother to her over the last year. She’d had dinner with him a minimum of twice a week. They had delighted in one another’s black sense of humor. Black as in dark, of course, not as in The Great and Noble House of Black. Finally steeling herself, she opened the door and shuffled down the hall.Reaching the landing she saw Remus Lupin in the entryway at the base of the staircase, looking heart-wrenchingly defeated. He glanced up as she began to descend towards him.“Nymphadora,” he greeted quietly, face pale.“Remus,” she nodded gently.She typically berated him for using her given name. Not today. Instead she wrapped her arms around his neck and clasped him to her. Remus stiffened for a moment, holding himself so tightly he swayed a little as she tightened her grip. Hesitantly, he returned her embrace. Then he began to shake with tears. Eventually, Andromeda came searching for them and, wrapping them both under her arms, guided them out to the back garden. It was a stunningly sunny day, the sky a piercing blue. It was far, far too bright. Too beautiful. Too alive.A few photographs in simple, silver frames were set upon a table at the back of the yard. Young Sirius and Andromeda sitting beside one another, eyes smirking at the camera as, in sync, they filled their mouths with muggle-style burgers. Sirius with his arms wrapped around James and Remus, all bending over laughing. And one of Sirius holding Tonks at age two, her hair the flaming pink she’d always favoured. Wizarding photos made the memories hurt more, Tonks thought. There was something more peaceful about the unmoving muggle photos she had of her paternal grandparents. Seeing Sirius’s delighted grin widen as he bounced her giggling, toddler fat jiggling, nearly brought Tonks to her knees.Every photo was from before. Before Azkaban.Azkaban had nearly destroyed Sirius, Tonks knew. It made her sick knowing that Sirius, whom she had loved so very much, had been so destroyed for a crime he had not committed. It was nearly as horrific as condemning an innocent to the Kiss. It was the only thing that made her work hard to swallow. No matter what someone had done, Tonks felt resolutely, they did not deserve Dementors.The population of her parent’s little garden quickly grew. Mostly members of the Weasley clan. But there was also Dumbledore, Kingsley and several other members of the order. Molly Weasley gave Tonks an warm, squishy hug. Her boys awkwardly clapped her on the shoulder. Ginny reached out and squeezed her hand gently. Tonks always did like that girl.Tonks’s legs were knocked out from beneath her and a pair of well muscled arms caught her. She turned to glare up at Mad-Eye, his normal eye glinted mischievously.“Fuck off, Mad-Eye.”“Tonks,” he said softly, righting her and holding her upper arms gently in his large hands. “He wouldn’t have been able to live with himself if he hadn’t gone and it’d been someone else hurt. You take after him, you know.”“I know,” she whispered, voice cracking as her mentor pulled her in for a gruff hug.Moving to take her seat she listened to her mother deliver a stirring eulogy. She’d had no idea that Sirius had been the one to give her mum the encouragement to marry her dad. He’d run away from home and been burned off the glorious Black tapestry shortly after Andromeda had been. She hadn’t known so many things, she realized. It wasn’t fair.Remus stood to speak next, silent tears washing down his scarred cheeks. Sirius had been a brother. He’d gone to such lengths to be there. Always.And then it was her turn. Tonks stood, trembling slightly, in front of the small group of people who had known the Sirius beyond the twisted fucking news headlines. The people who had known he was good. So very, honestly good.She told them Sirius’s favourite joke. The one about the vampire and the veela. It was highly inappropriate. It went over very well. Molly Weasley, though, clamped her hands firmly over Ginny’s ears. No matter, Tonks would tell Ginny the joke later.“And…” Tonks said, realizing something as the laughter died down, “Sirius would’ve fucking hated to see me standing here with my hair like this.” She wrinkled her nose and turned it hot pink. Then she turned and collapsed into her mother’s arms.“Much better,” Dromeda whispered, running her hand over her daughter’s hair.~~~Twilight brought the temperature down a few degrees, thank Merlin. It had been a stifling day. Everyone had gone, by now. Tonks sat on the steps to the garden, picking at the peeling blue paint beneath her. She didn’t glance back as she heard the door open behind her and footsteps approach. Face turned up, watching stars begin to flicker into sight in the dusty blue of the sky, she sighed heavily, “Hullo.”“How are you holding up, Nymphadora?”Tonks glanced side long at the man as he settled to sit next to her. Gods, he looked weary. “I’m alright, I suppose. You?”“Lonely.”Remus placed his hands behind him and leaned back, studying the sky. They sat in silence for some time, as darkness descended. “Sirius,” Remus remarked quietly, pointing the star out.Looking away from the sky, Tonks inspected Remus’s expression for a moment. “Harry should have been here today,” she stated.Remus met her eyes. For a moment Tonks wondered how his pale green eyes could hold so much in their depths. Then he replied, “I do not think I have ever been so angry in my life. And I have been through some truly infuriating experiences.”“I’m sorry. I know how much you loved him. How much you love Harry.”“Harry couldn’t leave the safety of his aunt’s home, apparently. Let’s go for a walk,” Remus said abruptly. He stood and reached down, pulling her to her feet. “I feel rather as though I might break something if I do not move.” Tonks swung open the garden gate and gestured for Remus to go ahead. He kept up a pace that was very nearly a run. Relief settled over her as her legs began to burn. Remus slowed slightly as he realized he wasn’t at all familiar with their surroundings. Tonks grasped his hand gently and picked their pace back up. She led him to rolling hills on the outskirts of the town. When they reached her favourite spot, a hill top that was bare except for the skeleton of an ancient, lightening struck tree, Remus pulled his hand free. He strode to the tree and gave it a solid kick. Followed by several more. Then a punch for good measure.“Fuck,” He hissed, shaking out his hand and glaring up at the moon. It had begun it’s waxing phase.“Remus,” Tonks said softly, taking a few steps towards him.He whirled to face her, looking in that moment like a wild creature. “Harry should have been here!” he shouted. “And Dumbledore never should have kept Sirius as locked up as he did! And he should have told Harry the Goddamned truth! If he had then Harry would not have been so easily lured by them!”Remus ripped at his hair before continuing to yell, “And I- I spent twelve years believing he betrayed us! And I loved him.”Remus’s voice dropped to a whisper with the last sentence, then broke, and he sank to the ground. Tonks stepped lightly towards Remus and slipped down next to him. She had changed into a pair of muggle shorts after the memorial and grass poked at her thighs. Reaching out, she wove her arms around him as sobs began to wrack through her as well. She wasn’t sure how long they sat there before Remus whispered her name.Pulling away slightly so she could look at him, Tonks found herself breathless. The intensity in Remus’s eyes was like nothing she’d ever had directed at her. She’d seen it, though. In her parent’s eyes. In the looks shared by Molly and Arthur Weasley.And then his lips met hers and brought fire roaring through her. It took her only a moment to recover from the shock and return the embrace eagerly, desperately. She reached up to cup his face in her palms and his grip tightened around her waist. His cheeks were wet with tears. Merlin, how right this felt. How right it was to take comfort in one another.Remus jerked away. His eyes were wide, the wild look that had drained out with his yelling and tears was back. Infinitesimally different, though. Less anger, more fear.“I’m sorry,” he gasped, standing.Tonks jumped to her feet, holding her hands out cautiously, “Remus…”Remus gave his head a tight shake and apparated away.~~~









Chapter 2: Apologies
    




Chapter Text
“Fuck,” Tonks cursed, scuffing the ground with her toe. Remus had looked nearly suicidal in the moments before he’d left. Before he’d left her. She quickly considered all her options at present.
Mad-Eye. On shift, no good. Mum. No, she’s already burdened enough. Arthur. Yes, that would be the ticket. While Arthur and Molly had not known Remus during the first war- they had not attended Hogwarts at the same time, and the Weasley’s had not been in the Order previously- Molly’s brothers had been in the Order with Remus before their deaths. And Arthur had been one of few wizards who had accepted Remus unreservedly. Remus trusted him, Tonks knew. 
She sent her patronus- a jack rabbit- back home to let them know where she’d gone before apparating to the Burrow.
~~~
Arthur found him in the Bacchanalian Boggart, a dismally dingy pub in Knockturn Alley. Remus was slumped over the greasy counter, cradling a chipped glass of cheap fire whiskey. Arthur sat himself in the stool next to Remus very matter-of-factly and waved for the barmaid to bring him an acrid drink of his own.
“There’s a very worried young woman in my kitchen right now,” Arthur remarked.
Remus grunted, eyes focused on a crack in the counter that looked like a posturing viper. Arthur hummed in reply and took a swig of his whiskey.
Choking the contents of his glass down, Remus said, “I fucking kissed her, Arthur. I’m such a gods forsaken mess.”
“She seems to be under the impression that you might be a bit of a risk to yourself tonight.”
Remus glanced sharply at his companion, understanding his meaning.
“If I were of a type to take my own life, I would’ve done so long ago. Trust me.”
“I do,” the man replied simply.
“I’d better apologize to her, I suppose.” Arthur shrugged. “Maybe by owl. I’m enough of a coward for that, I think.”
“I don’t see why you should feel any need to apologize. You are both grieving.” Arthur had taken on the affect of a wizened elder. “Why not give it a chance?” 
“Arthur.” Remus blinked at him, “I’m a werewolf. I’m old. And alone. And poor.” 
Arthur shrugged again, Remus could learn to hate that gesture.
“Love is not so simple. My mother you know, was a Black. Her name was burned off that tapestry in Sirius’s living room.” He added with pride, “Since my father was from such a long line of blood traitors, you see.”
Remus twitched an eyebrow up.
“Anyways,” Arthur stood clapping a hand to Remus’s back, “I’ll tell Tonks that you’ll be checking in with her soon, shall I?”
Remus watched him pick his way with ease through the unsavoury crowd in the little pub. The Weasley family certainly was something else. They felt and displayed every emotion fiercely. Their hearts were given freely.
~~~


Cousin



Nymphadora Tonks,


I just wanted to say I’m sorry about Sirius. I heard you were close. Though I guess no one is supposed to know that, him having been on the run…  I suppose you don’t want to hear from me. Given we’ve never talked and our mother’s don’t, anymore. But… I don’t know. Just wanted to say I’m sorry. It’s been rather terrible listening to Aunt Bellatrix go on, anyways.


Draco.

Tonks set the letter on the laminate counter and wiped her hands across it to flatten the slight roll in the parchment. An absolutely gaudy owl had delivered it through the little window over her kitchen sink thirty minutes ago. Tonks was still trying to decide how she felt about it.
She’d heard enough about Draco Malfoy from Harry over the last couple of years. He seemed to be just what you’d expect from his name. An elitist bully. But then, she mused, her mother and Sirius turned out very far from what you’d expect from their family. She drummed her fingers atop the letter for a few moments before making a decision and summoning some parchment and a quill.
~~~
Tonks gave an extra pull to the sticky front door of her flat, which finally swung open as she stumbled back. A contrite looking Remus Lupin stood on the other side, in the unrelenting drizzle that had been plaguing London all day.
“Nymphadora,” he greeted hesitantly.
“Remus,” she nodded, stomach tight.
Having regained her balance, she stood to the side and jerked her hand awkwardly towards the interior of the flat, inviting him in. He thanked her in his soft, hoarse voice. Shifting her weight from leg to leg for a moment, Tonks realized she ought to do something hospitable.
“Tea?” she asked, ushering Remus into the overcrowded main room of her flat which served as a kitchen, dining and living room. “Excuse the mess… can’t find I’m really bothered enough to do much about it lately.”
It had been six days since their last encounter. Since the kiss. That, as much as her grief for Sirius, was keeping Tonks from having any motivation beyond that required to go to her shifts for the Ministry. Dumbledore had insisted she take a full two weeks off of her patrols for the Order. He’d said between her injury at the battle and her grief it was important to take time to recover, so as to be of most use. It had enraged her. Almost as much as the fact that the ministry would not offer her grief leave- due, of course, to the fact that they refused to acknowledge Sirius’s innocence.
Remus watched her carefully as she set his tea, over steeped with just a dash of cream as he liked it, in front of him abruptly-it splashed over the sides of the cup. He waited silently as she settled herself with her own sugary cup across the table from him and met his gaze steadily.
“I owe you an apology,” Remus finally voiced. 
Tonks firmly believed that he did, in fact, owe her an apology. Wanting to know his actual motivations for apologizing, however, she asked, “Why?”
Clearing his throat softly, Remus broke eye contact, instead staring at his tea with enough intensity to wandlessly transfigure the mug into a rat if he uttered the correct incantation. Tonks let her eyes close softly for a moment. His visible anxiety affected every part of her. She so wanted to hold him as she had the night of the memorial.
“I frightened you,” he said after a moment. “And I should never have… I should never have kissed you.”
Scoffing, Tonks replied, “I accept your apology for frightening me. It was not ok how you left me like that. I do not accept your apology for the kiss. In case you were too dense to realize, it was reciprocated.”
Remus’s eyes widened slightly and he looked back up at her. If only this were easier, Tonks thought. 
She’d realized in the days since the memorial that she felt far more for Remus than she had for anyone in her life. She was undeniably in love with him, in fact. Sirius had, over the months previous, made several teasing comments that she had always brushed off as infantile attempts to get under her skin. Evidently he was bang on.
Tonks would never be so ridiculous as to claim she didn’t think she had any feeling for Remus. Racing pulses and flipping stomachs were impossible to ignore. That said, she was pretty sure it was just a bit of an infatuation that would, of course, never be returned by the older man. So she had shrugged off any uncomfortable feelings that surfaced and focused on her work.
The thing was… Remus was so kind. And soft spoken. And steadfast. And truly hilarious when he wanted to be. His dry jokes always took Tonks a little by surprise, unexpected as they often were. She had imagined from the stories she had heard that Remus was always a little in the shadows of Sirius and James, but as she’d gotten to know him better, she became certain that he had held his own amongst them.
“All the same,” Remus murmured, “I shouldn’t have done that. You were grieving. It… was inappropriate.”
“We were grieving,” Tonks corrected, raising her brows.
“Nymphadora,” he warned in his quiet way.
Taking a slurp of her tea, hoping the warmth that settled in her core would calm her, Tonks asked, “Why do you insist on calling me that?”
The question clearly threw Remus off a little. Tonks was certain he had spent the last five days agonizing over how to approach this conversation so it would turn out exactly how he believed it must. He was really quite obstinate.
“I… I think it’s pretty,” he confessed. “And I do think it suits you.”
Rolling her eyes, Tonks said, “You and my mother could be great friends.”
“I doubt it.” Remus began to focus on his tea once more. “I have orders to join Greyback’s camp for the next few months.”
Tonks choked on her tea. Jumping to stand over the kitchen sink, she hacked for a moment, gripping the cool steel edges of the basin. She didn’t turn back to face him before asking, “You what?”
Remus did not reply. Tonks returned to the table, pulling her chair around to Remus’s side. It let out an unpleasant screech as it scratched the floor. She pulled his hand away from his mug and held it in her own. It was awfully cold, considering it had been wrapped around the tea.
“Remus, you can’t tell me you intend to do that?”
“Of course I do.” 
“Is- is Greyback not the one who infected you?”
“He is.”
“And you’re going to place yourself in his camp?”
“It is important. I will be able to gain information. Maybe even tip a few members of the camp away from joining forces with the Dark Lord." 
The cursed fluorescent lighting of the kitchen flickered. Tonks knew it was in response to her own magic- she could feel it flaming out of her with her emotions. She focused for a moment on gaining control. Mad-Eye had taught her a breathing technique that usually helped.
After a long moment she replied, “You’re right.”
Turning his face up to hers, Remus nodded. They looked into one another’s eyes, just inches apart. The intimacy of it had Tonks’s heart in a riot.
“If you’re going to leave,” Tonks bit her lip, hesitating, “don’t leave without being honest.”
By the way Remus’s face tightened slightly, Tonks knew he understood her meaning.
He asked anyways, “Honest?”
“Yes,” she whispered, squeezing his hand, “with me.”
Remus let go of her hand, running his own through his greying hair. His lips twisted slightly in dismay.
“I’ll go first,” Tonks said, standing and holding him to his chair with her hands resting softly on his shoulders. She didn’t want to risk him running away again. “I’m in love with you.”
Should’ve been put in Gryffindor, Tonks thought sardonically as she saw her words register with the man. It was as though he was flipping through an encyclopedia of emotions before he pushed them all away and his face went strangely blank. He placed his hands on Tonks’s and peeled them off his shoulders before he stood to face her.
“I… I am no good for you. I-”
“You can shove your ridiculously overdeveloped moral compass up Voldemort’s ass, Remus.”
Tonks was pretty sure she saw his lips twitch with laughter for a moment before Remus’s brow furrowed. “I’m sorry, Nymphadora.”
He walked around her, and once more, left her alone.
~~~









Chapter 3: Chances
    




Chapter Text
The banality of her hair was embarrassing. Tonks sighed at Molly as they sat in the kitchen of the Burrow. She’d become quite attached to the space. It was unwaveringly warm. Homey. It was painted a gentle yellow shade. Dried herbs dangled from the roof and a collection of cauldrons was stacked by the hearth. Painted children chased each other around the tea pot that sat on the chipped table between the two women.“He’s a good man,” Molly said softly. She had taken one look at Tonks in her colourless state and ushered her into the cozy room for some tea.Tonks tried not to snap at her. She knew that. He was also a complete arse. Molly told her of the time last summer that she had encountered the Boggart in Grimmauld Place. How it had morphed from one dead, broken body to the next. One beloved person dead. Two. Three. Her children. Her husband. Tonks felt discomfort squirm its way through her as Molly’s eyes misted. Remus, Molly told her, had been the one to comfort her. To pull her back together. Remus, like Molly, had lost brothers to the first war. Maybe in a different manner, Molly noted, but he knew how it was.“Give him time, Tonks,” Molly urged gently, “Give him that chance.”And then Harry arrived early with Dumbledore and it was all Tonks could do to hold it together long enough to leave the Burrow. No, no thanks to dinner with Remus. She rushed out to apparate back to her flat, cold and temporary.~~~Glancing around and smoothing her hair down once more, Tonks realized she was feeling quite nervous. Writing and asking Draco to meet her had seemed a rather virtuous thing to do when she had done it. Now it seemed more like a vast error in judgement. She just wanted to give the kid a chance, though. She had no cousins close to her in age- given that her mom was estranged from Draco’s side of the family, and her dad had been an only child. She’d grown up hearing about the positive influence Andromeda and Sirius had on one another. Andromeda had been a Slytherin Prefect when Sirius had started at Hogwarts, and while there was a little inter-house tension between the two, Andromeda had always watched over Sirius, Tonks knew. Shouldn’t Draco get the same chance? He had seemed genuinely regretful in his letter. And his father was imprisoned, now.A polite little cough sounded behind her and she turned to take in the pale, nervous face behind her. Where Tonks was messy paint palette, the boy was a blank canvas. He’d inherited all the Malfoy genes, clearly. None of the dark and brooding Black traits were to be seen. He wore what Tonks imagined was the closest thing he had to muggle clothing- black trousers and a frock coat similar to those Severus Snape wore. A little formal for your typical teenager, Tonks supposed, but gothic fashion was in style at the moment. He wouldn’t stand out in the London streets too much.“Nymphadora, hello.” Draco sounded nervous.“Tonks, please,” she requested. “Nymphadora is just awful. Sit.”Draco looked around furtively, as if guilty of a crime. Tonks had given him directions to the muggle coffee franchise as it was just a few blocks from Diagon Alley, but unlikely to have any patrons that would recognize the two of them.“Glad you found the place. And me.” She beamed at him.“You didn’t need to wear the pink hair for my benefit,” Draco said. Tonks had written him to say that it would help him identify her- thank Merlin the mousy colour that descended on her after her last talk with Remus had only lasted a day. “I would have recognized you. My mum would always make such a big fuss about pulling me away from you and your mum if she ever saw you down the lane… I got curious.”Tonks burst out in laughter, “I was always a little curious, too. Too bad you started at school after I’d finished. And anyways,” she leaned across the table conspiratorially and grinned, “pink’s my favourite. I’m a metamorphmagus, you know.”“I didn’t. And I guess maybe that would’ve been… something…” He swallowed, his Adam’s apple bobbing. “I- I don’t really know why I’m here.”“For a drink,” Tonks winked and gave her cousin her sunniest smile.Taking his order- and insisting on paying, as she doubted Draco would have any muggle coins on him- Tonks took a look around the café as she headed to the counter. She quietly cast a super-sensory charm, monitoring for any signs that Draco might not be alone in visiting her. She certainly wouldn’t have Moody castrating her for this later. That said, she never intended to tell him about it.“So,” she said passing Draco his black tea and sitting back down, “how’s school?”It took a near hour of awkward small talk before they began to loosen up and really get to know one another. Draco told Tonks of how he generally hated school, though did truly enjoy potions- ‘And not just because Snape tortures Potter,’ he had quipped. Being a Prefect was alright, though he felt sometimes his disposition was a little too irritable for the role. Quidditch was his true passion. He had no clue what he wanted to do after school, which was rather frightening as he had had to pick his NEWT level courses in the spring. He was curious about her position as an Auror- though fairly certain he would not enjoy being in such a role. He was witty, if with a cutting edge to his humour. Tonks mused that he would have had a grand time joking around with Sirius, if the two of them would have been able to move beyond their pride.Tonks, in turn, told Draco of Professor Sprout having declared that she was too ill-behaved to ever be a prefect. And how she had always wanted to be an Auror- ever since her family had had to go into hiding during the first war. The fact that her mother was from such a prestigious family had made Tonks’s half-blood status even more dangerous, and she had spent from age six to eight in various safe houses. She wanted to help prevent young families from ever having to go through such experiences. “It’s getting bad,” Draco said softly, eyes cast down.Tonks hummed as she assessed his expression. She may not have done well in her Stealth and Tracking training but she had was nearly as talented in Interrogation and Assessment as in Concealment and Disguises. Draco looked ashamed. Ashamed and frightened.“You must be in rather a tricky spot, eh?” He met her eyes, seemingly surprised at her perceptivity. Then he glanced back down and shrugged.“You still have choices, you know.” Scoffing, Draco drained the last of his tea, which must be long cold. “No, I really don’t.”“Well,” Tonks deliberated- Draco looked as though he was preparing his escape- “if you ever decide you do, you can come find me. It was nice getting to know you better.”Draco gave a tight nod, “Thanks for the tea.”He was out the door faster than a bludger hit by the league’s top beater. Tonks stayed at the café for awhile, enjoying the banality of the muggle world and its complete oblivion to the brewing war.~~~









Chapter 4: Confessions
    




Chapter Text
Thank Merlin for Molly Weasley. Tonks smirked at the roster for the night’s Order patrols. Molly had informed Tonks after her visit from Remus that Dumbledore did not intend for Remus to join the werewolf encampment until the beginning of the school year. He wanted to see Harry safely settled into school first. Molly was in charge of organizing the Order’s various tailing, stake-out and patrol duties, being the only member without a day job. And Molly had scheduled Tonks and Remus for shared duty monitoring the Malfoy Manor.
Quiet footsteps pulled her attention from the roster. She turned to beam at Remus.
“Wotcher!”
“Hello Nymphadora.” He sighed softly. “Ready to head out?”
“Just a ‘mo,” she replied cheerily.
Turning to the mirror she pinched her face for a moment, turning her hair black and darkening her complexion a little. As she faced Remus once more she caught an odd expression on his face.
“What?”
He gave a little shrug, smiling slightly, “I like the pink.”
Shaking her head with a warm expression she said, “I know. You only pretend to be old fashioned.” 
At that he gave a hearty laugh, “Sirius used to say the same.”
“Cause it’s true!”
Tonks wrapped her arm around his and pulled him out the door before twisting and disapparating.
~~~
Merlin curse Molly Weasley. Remus sat next to Nymphadora, trying to allow as much space as possible within the cluster of bushes they were hiding within. While they’d disillusioned themselves before approaching the boundaries of the Malfoy property, it was too uncomfortable and a drain on their magic to remain under the charm for a full night. So they’d clamoured through the bracken to a position in the bushes that looked side on to the manor. The sprawling white building was luminescent in the dark night. Torches burnt by both the front and the back entry ways, with large expanses of neatly groomed, lush lawn around the circumference of the home. 
It was cold. He was certain Nymphadora was trying to squish closer. And for more than bodily warmth. Clearly, Remus thought, he should have waited to have their conversation until closer to the date he actually needed to depart. Nymphadora had seemed to take his apology and departure the other night as a challenge. One she might well win.
Of course he had feelings for her. Who was he kidding, he was in love with her too. For the briefest of moments her confession the other night had lit him up. The unanticipated joy he’d felt at hearing she loved him had nearly wiped every concern from his mind. But there were concerns. There were many. And they were inescapable.
Sirius was not the kind of man who you would think of as perceptive. But he had picked up on Remus’s subtle shift of behaviour around Nymphadora Tonks within seconds. He had pulled Remus out of the kitchen of Grimmauld Place the first time they’d all been in the room together. Then he had proceeded to cross his arms and stare at Remus with a horrendously smug expression.
After the return of Voldemort, Dumbledore had immediately begun to put the Order of the Phoenix together once more. Remus had returned from the small sea side town in which he had been scraping by a living, doing hard labour. Recovered from his months in a trunk, Mad-Eye had recruited some new blood from amongst the Aurors. Nymphadora Tonks was his protégée. It had taken a total of one mischievous grin and two cheeky jokes for Remus to realize he was in over his head with the young woman.
Remus had, of course, explained all the reasons that Sirius’s smug expression was inappropriate. Sirius had shrugged them all away, only instructing Remus not to jerk his little cousin around. Sirius was very fond of her, having spent considerable time babysitting her until she was five or six, when the war had ended and Sirius was imprisoned.
“Here’s Draco,” Nymphadora whispered, interrupting Remus’s reflections. “Ridiculous they don’t have any vision obscuring wards up, isn’t it?”
Remus shrugged, “They want to appear innocent.”
They watched silently as the boy kicked around the expansive back gardens of the manor for awhile before returning to the house.
“Poor kid,” she murmured. 
Remus frowned, “From what I remember he’s rather a bully. Harry says he hasn’t changed much.”
Tonks lifted one shoulder carelessly, “I met him for tea the other day. He wasn’t much but scared.”
Before he was aware of it, Remus had his hand clamped around her forearm, “You what?”
An indignant expression lit her face as she tugged her arm from him. She cast a silencing charm before turning to Remus and saying, “I met him for tea. He sent me a letter after Sirius… He’s unhappy. And scared.”
“That- Nymphadora- that is ridiculously dangerous. I can’t believe you did that.”
“He’s my cousin.”
“He’s a Death Eater in training! He could be trying to spy on you. He could be trying to kill you!”
Remus knew he needed to control himself. Typically, he wouldn’t say a word without careful consideration. He certainly wouldn’t normally shriek at someone as he had just done to Nymphadora.
He closed his eyes for a moment, opening them again as Tonks retorted, “I am not a child, Remus. I am a trained Auror. I would not endanger myself. I would certainly not endanger the Order. And I felt it was appropriate to give him a chance. If you lot hadn’t given Sirius a chance, he might well have become a Death Eater. He was lucky enough to make some actual friends in school. My mom wasn’t- she turned out alright anyways, I think.”
Remus sighed, she wasn’t wrong. The thought of her putting herself in such a position still made him feel sick, though. “Just… Just be careful.”
She pursed her lips, looking down to the ground, “I’m not entirely sure why you care.”
Remus had been so amazed by her cheerfulness when they’d set out for the evening that he was fairly certain Tonks had not been too deeply affected by his rebuff the other night. Which was certainly for the best. She just had a crush, was all. Sure, she was clearly intent on pursuing him for now but she was not truly in love. He would go away and she would find someone younger. Perfect, he had thought bitterly. 
Glaring up at the sky for a moment, Remus, before he had a chance to change his mind for the better, said “I love you is why I care.” 
Tonks barked out a laugh that was reminiscent of Sirius. “So all it took was me being pissed off at you? Compassion, reassurance, confessions of love? No matter. One snarky remark and there you have it?”
Remus growled low in his throat, “This doesn’t change anything Nymphadora.” 
“The only reason it doesn’t change anything is because we both knew it was true already.” She turned to face him and brushed a lock of his hair away gently. “You are a stubborn git.”
“I am a werewolf. A literal monster, Nymphadora. Five days from now you won’t be able to sit next to me at this time of night. Beyond that, I am poor. And old.”
“As far as I can see the only thing in our way is how cursed obstinate you are.”
Remus shifted away, turning to focus on the manor again.
“I love you,” Nymphadora whispered, slipping her hand into his own.
He couldn’t help but give it a squeeze back. Hearing those words affected him quite as much as it had the first time.
~~~









Chapter 5: Possession
    




Chapter Text
Cursing, Remus slipped the parchment from the foot of Severus’s familiar, rather intimidating Great Horned Owl. Just a slip of parchment, no parcel containing potions. He read the spiky script expressing regret that there was a national shortage of monkshood. Severus was on the wait list, he assured. It was not an infrequent problem, but Remus had been hopeful that for this last month before he joined Greyback he could be spared.  He gave the owl a treat and an affectionate pet before she flew back to her master.
The following night, Remus let himself into the dank cellar of Grimmauld Place. Dumbledore had confirmed that it had been inherited by Harry, Remus figured his continued use of the space wouldn’t be an issue with the boy. Sirius had set it up for Remus last year. There was a small hearth that struggled to keep away the dampness which never failed to chill Remus to his bones. The fire always burnt out well before he transformed back, but Remus set it to burning anyhow. A shredded mattress lay in one corner of the room. Remus slumped over to it, after locking and warding the door, and waited for the moon to rise.
The year that Remus taught at Hogwarts, he’d often visited with young Ginny Weasley. She’d struggled with the effects of her traumatic experience the year prior more than she let on. Remus had found her once, after the damned Dementors had crashed the quidditch game, shivering as she paced the halls. He’d brought her to his office and supplied her with chocolate and mint tea. She’d tearfully described being possessed to him, and how no one could possibly understand.
But Remus did.
He’d listened to her description and barely been able to restrain a shudder- it was so much like his own transformations. Waking up and not knowing what had happened. But knowing it was nothing good. Sometimes, he could remember the initial moments. The way his muscles felt as though they were tearing apart. The feral rage that bubbled up in his chest and out of his throat in a snarl. Otherwise, nothing.
Ginny had come to say goodbye to him at the end of that year, before he had left the school. She had surprised him with a tight hug and a whisper that she had known he understood and that she hoped to see him again one day and that he had better take care. 
When he had met her again at Grimmauld Place last summer, she had embraced him and told him she was doing so much better these days. He smiled slightly, remembering Ginny and Hermione in hysterics as Nymphadora flittered through a succession of noses for their entertainment. He had met Nymphadora’s eyes over top of a very Snape like nose and chuckled. Even then he had been falling in love with her.
How was it, he mused, that all these young women could see him for the person he was, and insist on ignoring the monster that he also was? He had never experienced such insistent acceptance from anyone but the Marauders. Hermione had known what he was when he’d been their professor and had kept it a secret for Merlin’s sake. She hadn’t even told Harry who was, at the time, meeting him frequently for private lessons.
But then, Remus thought, all of the Weasley family had been accepting. And Dumbledore, Kingsley and Mad-Eye. He couldn’t ignore, however, that these people- all of whom he’d come to care so deeply for- were the exception.
The reality was what he’d lived from the end of the last war to the beginning of this one. Living in fear of being exposed. Isolating himself in various country shacks that he’d had to magically seal so his wolf self could not escape and cause harm. Starving as he was unable to hold down continuous employment. Being weary, sick and alone. Once, the morning after a transformation, Remus had been chased out of a small wizarding village by a series of confrigo spells. He hadn’t caused any harm, had been safely locked away throughout the night, but they had heard his howling. That was the norm.
Remus choked back a sob as his muscles began to ache.
~~~
Tonks stumbled, “Bloody buggering hell!” 
She had tripped over the god-forsaken troll’s leg umbrella stand. Again.
The portrait down the hall began howling. Tonks dropped the bags burdening her and strode down the hall. She shot a curse at the portrait and with a second flick of her wand its curtains swept closed. She kept her wand in hand as she listened to the sound of unsteady footsteps on the creaking stairs to the cellar.
Remus appeared, pale faced and ragged.
“’Lo, Dora,” he said weakly. 
Tonks swept him into her arms. Remus was shaking.
“Good morning, love. I brought you a roast. Barely singed.”
Remus coughed slightly as he allowed Tonks to guide him to the kitchen and settle him into a chair. She left briefly to retrieve her bags before pulling out the container of roast and setting it in front of him with a fork and knife.
“Curtesy of Molly,” she said softly.
She watched, anxious, as he devoured slice after slice barely stopping for a breath. He’d not bothered with the utensils. His clothes were shredded. There was a large laceration in his left forearm. A chunk of his hair was missing just above a scrape to his forehead. He must’ve done it to himself, she realized, feeling sick.
Finally, Remus pushed aside the empty container and looked at her, loathing in his eyes.
“You see now,” he rasped.
“I’m not half bad with healing charms. Give me your arm,” she replied in a no nonsense manner.
He obeyed.
After Tonks had sealed the wound on his arm and the scrape on his face, she ran him a bath and insisted that he soak for awhile. Remus had attempted to protest this, but Tonks fixed him with her best approximation of Molly Weasley’s glare and he had shuffled into the bathroom.
While he was in the tub, Tonks set a fire roaring in the drawing room and settled herself into her favourite armchair. The day was grey and the lighting in the room was dismal, but the fire warmed the scene a bit.
Sirius had told her, a little, of what it had been like for Remus without the potion. And once, in her fourth year at Hogwarts, she had broken into the Shrieking Shack on a dare. She remembered deep claw marks gouged into the thick, wooden door. A traitorous part of her was grateful she had not been in the house the night before. She had not had to listen to him thrashing around the cellar room. She had not had to see him. Gods, it was so unfair. It was so unfair that the man she loved so much had never had a chance. Had been attacked in his home, as a little boy.
When Remus rejoined her, Tonks stood up and wrapped her arms around him. She gave him a slow, soft kiss. Remus returned it.
~~~









Chapter 6: Preservation
    




Chapter Text
“Fuck,” Remus pulled away. “Nymphadora!”
“I preferred Dora,” she replied affecting a nonchalant attitude. He could see the hesitation in her eyes, though. 
“I am fucking dangerous, Tonks!”
She winced as he called her Tonks. At least, he was fairly sure she was in denial enough that that was the god-forsaken part of his words that had upset her.
“I’m a bloody Auror, Remus! A good one, too. Or would you argue with Mad-Eye’s judgement?”
“Quite frankly, I do not care,” Remus retorted. 
“Great!” Tonks snarked. “Me neither!”
Remus growled a little.
“I can make my own decisions, Remus.”
Remus nodded, determining his response. 
“As can I. And I- I can’t risk you, Dora. I can’t.” 
With that he turned away from her and left.
~~~
Draco tugged on his left sleeve nervously. Tonks felt her heart give an uncomfortable pang- she knew what that meant.
“Might actually be too late, now, mightn’t it be?” she asked softly.
Draco had written her shortly after the full moon, wanting to talk again. They’d met at a different muggle café this time, had gotten their drinks to go and begun to stroll through the nearby park. It was a sunny afternoon and their path, a little out of the way and slightly less populated, was pleasantly shaded.
Draco winced and replied, “I didn’t have a choice, Tonks.” 
“No, perhaps not,” she mused. “So now what?”
“I- I can’t talk about it. Nothing good, though. Actually,” Draco began to ramble, “it’s terrible. Really, really terrible. I- I don’t know what to do. I can’t do it. I don’t know. It’s to punish my father, for fucking up at the ministry, you know. I…”
Tonks glanced at her cousin side-long. Tears were glistening in his silver eyes.
“Fuck. Draco…”
“My mum’s not safe,” he whispered. 
Tonks pulled him by the arm under a large tree and furtively cast a silencing charm around them.
“Whatever it is, Draco,” she said, “You need to learn to occlude. Whether you feel you need to go through with it, or not. These thoughts you’re having. And meeting me like this… it will all put you in a lot of danger if he enters your mind. Bellatrix, too.”
Draco let out a strangled laugh and kicked at a tree root. “She tried to grab my cock the other day,” he confessed. 
“Merlin. Mum always told me she had a few important bolts loose.” 
“Mum caught her and hexed her. I’d still rather not be in a room alone with her ever again.”
“I’ll bet. Draco, seriously. Occlumency. Maybe Snape could teach you.”
It was a warm summer day but Tonks was certain she’d never felt so cold in her life. She certainly could not confirm that Snape was working for the Order. But he was Draco’s godfather. And his legilimency abilities were a very poorly kept secret, anyhow.
“I- I can’t trust him, Tonks. I- I certainly shouldn’t be trusting you. Nor you me.”
“I know,” Tonks sighed heavily. “Come here.” 
She pulled Draco into her arms and he clung back tightly, shoulders shaking as he released his tears. 
She left Draco later that afternoon with the promise that she would always do her best to be there if he needed her. She couldn’t make any choices for him. Couldn’t give any recommendations on how to proceed. Certainly she would not encourage him to place himself in a role similar to that of Severus Snape’s. But she did desperately hope that he would make the right choices. That he would not sell his soul to be as damned as that of his new master. That somehow, he would make it out of this.
~~~
Remus was beginning to make a habit of standing repentant before the door of Nymphadora Tonks’s home. It had been weeks since he’d last seen her. Molly had informed him- in a tone bordering on venomous- that Nymphadora had declined joining them for dinner again last week. He sighed resignedly before reaching to knock. A loud crash and subsequent cursing leaked through the door. When Nymphadora managed to open the door, she clung warily to its knob.
She scanned him up and down for a moment before grabbing a black trench coat from a hook next to the door, slipping on her boots and saying, “C’mon, we’re going for a walk.” 
“A walk,” Remus sputtered. She always managed to unsettle him.
He’d been intending on saying a quick goodbye. Nothing more. He just couldn’t bear to leave without a goodbye. He couldn’t bear to leave with anything more, either.
“I’ve noticed a correlation between the times that we spend together outside in the fresh air and the times you’re actually honest about your emotions. So, yes. A walk.” 
Her hair was such a deep burgundy red it was nearly black, today. And it was long. He wanted to reach out and play with a tendril. He fisted his hands into the pockets of his jacket. She took him down to the river. 
Inhaling deeply, Remus realized he could taste autumn in the air. It had always been his favourite season- a time not of death, as some thought, but of rejuvenation. Every year as he returned to Hogwarts he had always been a little surprised to find his three friends tackle him and pull him back into their easy antics. This fall, Remus felt, he would be betraying them all. Their faith in him. Everything he’d ever struggled for.
Eventually, Remus noticed Nymphadora seemed to be waiting for him to speak first. That was fair, he supposed. It took him a few more minutes to work up the nerve. 
“I just had to say goodbye,” he said softly. He then berated himself for not having anything more to say.
“Oh.” 
The leaves on the trees bordering the river were still green, but the late evening light dimmed them a little and as street lights began to flicker on, their undersides acquired a golden hue. An amorous couple strolled in front of them, leaning into one another as they walked. Remus’s hands were freezing in his pockets.
“I leave tomorrow,” he informed her. “I won’t be able to maintain contact with anyone, really. It’s going to be difficult enough to send any type of report out to Dumbledore…”
“I see.” 
Her voice sounded tight. She’d not looked at him this entire time, Remus realized with a squirming in his gut.
“I’m leaving tomorrow as well. I’ll be stationed at Hogsmede for the school year. I’ll be staying at the Hog’s Head.” 
A motorcycle engine revved somewhere nearby, echoing through the city. 
“I just… I couldn’t leave without a proper goodbye,” Remus said desperately.
Dora stopped walking and turned to him. She drew him gently off to the side of the path, close to the wall along the top of the river bank, and stared up at him with her wide, deep eyes. Remus had heard any number of clichés about a woman’s eyes, but Dora’s… he truly thought they might suck him right into her forever.
So softly he could barely discern her words, Nymphadora asked, “What is a proper goodbye?”
Rather than bend to kiss her, he stepped back. She let out a bitter laugh.
“Bye then, Remus.”
She went to turn and walk away. He grabbed her arm, holding her in place. Keeping her body facing away, Dora turned her head slightly back.
“I- I don’t know how to do this,” Remus confessed, feeling as though he were in physical pain.
Whirling around, she snapped at him, “Do what?”
When he held his hands up in hesitant surrender she heaved a sigh, throwing her head back. 
“Remus,” she asked meeting his eyes once more, “Are you so… scared of yourself?” 
He nodded slowly. 
“That breaks my heart,” she whispered.
For awhile they stood in silence, facing one another as the sky dimmed and the city noises grew around them.
“For a good reason, I am, Dora.” 
“I’m scared that joining them will break you.”
Remus had no reply. It might.
Nymphadora stepped towards him and cupped his cheek in her hand. She traced his cheekbone lightly with her thumb. Remus tried not to lean in to her hand. Pulling her hand away, Dora reached for her wand and conjured a thin leather cord. Then she slipped a thick, black lacquered band off her thumb and looped the cord through it. She reached around Remus to fasten it around his neck, and tucked the ring beneath his shirt. She patted it as if to confirm that it had settled against his heart.
“Your muggle ring?” Remus asked feeling unnervingly swamped by the gesture.
“You remember?”
“Of course.”
It had been some 14 months ago, the night before they’d picked Harry up from his aunt’s home just after Voldemort’s return that Remus had noticed the ring. He’d reached for it on her hand unthinkingly and rubbed the band gently. “Is it connected to your metamorphmagus powers?” he’d asked, astounded by the way the ring changed colour. It had turned a bright blue with his touch. Nymphadora had chuckled at him and informed him it was, in fact, muggle technology that could read moods. Something about body temperature.
Months later she’d told him that she’d been given the ring from her muggle grandmother when she was preparing for her first year at Hogwarts. Her grandmother had told her to remember that magic is not just what she’d learn at school, but rather lay in the way people lived with and loved one another. She’d not taken it off since, Nymphadora had shared. 
Remus brought his hand up to meet hers, which she’d left against his chest. She wrapped her fingers through his and took a step closer to him, their hands hovering in between their beating hearts.
“I don’t want you to forget that I love you.”
He grabbed her neck and kissed her firmly. She released his hand, wrapping both of her own in his hair. When Remus pulled away he left his forehead resting against hers. 
“I…” He closed his eyes for a moment, before holding her face in his hands and pulling away so he could meet her eyes steadily, “I love you. Keep yourself safe.”
“You too,” she replied gently, eyes glimmering. She reached up and gave him a soft kiss before walking away.
~~~









Chapter 7: Duty
    


Notes:
The few lines that Snape speaks to Tonks are directly quoted from HBP.




Chapter Text
Her index finger froze as it slipped along the smooth skin of her thumb. Tonks felt a brief moment of panic. Her ring was gone. But, oh yes- it was with Remus. Remus was gone. She’d have to find a new nervous habit, she realized, as twisting her ring round her finger obsessively was no longer an option.
She should be grateful that Kingsley had arranged it so her Magical Law Enforcement position essentially equated her work for the Order. But really, all it meant was she had more free time when she desperately wanted to pack every moment with something that required her to put in her utmost focus. She nibbled the inside of her cheek and began to pace. The Hogwarts Express should be pulling in within the hour. She caught Dawlish’s eye from across the platform and nodded. He was lounging on a bench, relaxed as could be. She felt a little spiteful about it.
She’d had to be the one to walk away last night. Tonks was fairly certain that Remus wouldn’t have been able to. But even if he had been, she was done with him walking away from her. She knew he had to go. She understood why he’d walked away from her so many times before. It might be easier if she didn’t understand. If she could just be angry and hurt.
Mostly, Tonks was just scared. Scared he wouldn’t come back. Scared he would, but would no longer be Remus when he did.
When she’d woken up after her sparse sleep Tonks’s hair had been a lank brown. It had refused to change. She’d nearly popped a blood vessel in her eye with the effort of it. Her built in fucking mood ring.
The train finally chugged up to the station and she was able to push it all aside in favour of focusing on her work. Students began jostling and pushing their way off the train. Ginny Weasley. Ron Weasley. Hermione Granger. Where the fuck is Harry?
As the carriages were loaded and began to cart away enthusiastic students, Tonks met Dawlish’s eyes again and signaled for him to start at the far end of the train. She hopped up into the train and raced down the aisle checking each compartment for any signs of Harry. Noting one with the blinds drawn she pulled the door open and was met with the tangy scent of blood. She reached gently below and felt her hands grab fabric. Giving a hearty tug, she greeted Harry with relief.
Shooting Harry with the counter jinx she pulled him to his feet and cursed internally as the train began to rumble. As she tugged him towards a door she saw Dawlish running down the corridor and shot him a sardonic thumbs up.
Turning to face her after they’d landed on the platform, Harry looked embarrassed. He should be, Tonks thought. He surely put himself in a stupidly dangerous position. She asked curtly who did it and fought the urge to howl in frustration when he named Draco Malfoy. These fucking boys were going to drive her mad.
Brusquely she healed Harry’s nose, had him put the cloak back on and then took a moment to dredge something happy up for the conjuring of a patronus. As it shot out and ran off she almost cried. Of course. Of course it changed. She didn’t encourage any of Harry’s conversation as they walked up towards the castle.
Tonks had used to dream of the time in her life when she would never hear the formidable Professor Snape drawl “Miss Tonks” ever again. As he sneered her given name at her instead, she wished for nothing more than a return to the formality. And here it comes, she thought.
“And incidentally, I was interested to see your new Patronus.”

Fuck off, Snape. 

“I think you were better off with the old one. The new one looks weak”
Tonks mumbled a goodbye to Harry and walked stiffly back down the hill. Her fucking patronus. She didn’t want him to have this much power over her. 
~~~
“Tonks!”
Draco’s eyes widened in surprise as Tonks gripped his arm tightly. She’d shot him with a confundus after his Herbology class so that he’d turn around and return to the greenhouse, reassuring his friends that he’d catch up after retrieving his unmentioned forgotten item of rather great importance. Then she’d yanked him behind the greenhouse and given his shoulder a good whack. 
“Did you have to break his fucking nose, Draco?” she hissed.
Mad-Eye had often berated her for her poor language. It was something she’d picked up from her dad. Get her angry enough and every other word was fuck. Mad-Eye said that it made her appear less intelligent. Tonks was of the belief that a well placed ‘fuck’ added just the right amount of emphasis.
Draco pursed his lips and crossed his arms, tugging from her grasp in order to do so.
“Saint Potter was asking for it. He was eavesdropping on me.”
Rolling her eyes, Tonks said, “Yes, well. That was excessive. You don’t have to be such a bully, you know.”
Draco scoffed, rolling his eyes in return. “Tonks. You are the one who doesn’t know.”
Clearly he was referencing far more than his volatile relationship with the Boy Who Lived. 
“You could tell me. I could help.”
“Merlin. Fuck,” Draco spat out. “Tonks, you could not help. You could get yourself killed is what you could do. I never should have written you. You just make it all harder.”
Tears welled up in her eyes so quickly there was nothing Tonks could do. They began to pour down her cheeks. Through her blurred vision she could see Draco’s eyes widen.
“Tonks-” He sputtered, reaching out a hand to pat her gently.
“God, Draco. Calm down would you? I’m fine.”
She wiped angrily at her eyes while Draco continued to awkwardly pat her arm. Glaring towards the Forbidden Forest, Tonks briefly fantasized about running away to live as a hermit in a tree fort like a fairy-tale witch. She turned back to Draco, registering the way his nose had crinkled a little with disdain.
“You don’t seem fine. What is wrong with you?”
To illustrate his point, he reached out and held a lock of her insistently mouse brown hair in front of her face. She swatted him away.
“I am fine. All I wanted was to help you have some choices. Maybe give you a little support. But since you evidently don’t want that,” she said bitterly, “I will butt out.”
She refused to make eye contact with him as she walked past him and back around to the front of the greenhouse. A niggling in her stomach caused her to pause, “I’ll be in Hogsmede, if you need me.”
~~~
Each step felt like a mistake. One. Two. Run. No.
A series of snickers, yips and jeers greeted him. They sounded like coyotes. Rising over the line of trees along the ridge was the moon. Quarter full. The air was misty, cold. Remus focused on moving forward, towards the centre of the cluster of buildings.
Greyback had taken up his residence in the foreman’s cabin of the abandoned mining venture that was their camp. A collection of haggard, shared cabins surrounded it. A larger building, a common dining and leisure room, was set off to the side. The windows of each building- cement foundation, brick siding, simple rectangles- were smashed out. The doors had been removed. Remus averted his eyes from a couple pressed up against a door frame, rutting.
Hesitating at the entrance of Greyback’s cabin, Remus sent a prayer to James and Sirius.
“Well ‘ello,” Greyback jeered from the large armchair he’d positioned in the centre of the room, solitary like a throne. His pallid, pockmarked face had plagued Remus’s nights for so many years. 
“Hello,” Remus replied firmly. Politely. He would not allow for his sense of culture to be derided by this life.
“Finally decided the bloody wonderful world of wizards innit for you, have you? Figured out that the fucking prigs ‘ate us?”
“Yes.” Something like that.
Greyback sniffed the air a few times. He pushed himself up from the chair and staggered over to Remus. He was taller, broader. He leaned in, pressing his face down into Remus’s neck and inhaled deeply, audibly.
“You reek of them.”
Remus pressed his lips together. “No more.” 
“Good. You’re with us, you’re with us, Lupin. No going back, understand?”
“That’s why I’m here.”
Greyback released a quiet growl, dancing at the back of his throat. “Good, pet. Glad infecting you hasn’t turned out such a waste after all.” Then he barked, “Find yourself a cabin!”
Moments of cowardice lead to so much loss. Sirius was too much a coward to be the secret keeper, the one who James and Lily could rely on. He had told Remus, when they’d first been reunited at that damned shack, that he thought it would be a clever ruse passing the task on to Peter. Remus had seen in his haunted eyes that it went beyond that. Sirius hadn’t trusted himself to keep the secret. Remus suspected it had had a lot to do with the fact that Regulus was deep within the Death Eater’s control; and while they could not torture the information out of Sirius himself, they could inflict any number of horrors of his younger brother. Despite the two having spent years estranged, Sirius never could give up on Regulus. He’d thought Peter would be much more unfailingly loyal to James.
Peter, of course, was too much a coward to make the same choice Sirius had. Too much a coward to miss the opportunity to find Voldemort’s favour. Peter had simply slunk off to the shadows of those with whom he thought the power would lay in the end.
And then, there was the consideration that Remus had been too much a coward to try and prevent his friends from tormenting Severus. Maybe if he had, Severus and Lily would have been friends still. Maybe Severus would not have given that prophecy up to Voldemort. Maybe.
For a paralyzing moment, Remus was uncertain if he was acting out of cowardice or not, leaving Tonks to be amongst his kind.
But no. This was important. His duty. Remus weaved his way through the buildings, seeking the one that would provide the least repulsive room mates.
Bravery was sticking to his values. It was integrating himself into this camp in the hopes that he could provide the Order with something valuable. In the hopes that he could prevent some of his peers from siding with Voldemort. And if distance from him protected Dora, then all the better. In the end, he could succeed where Sirius had failed. He could have faith in his own determination.
~~~









Chapter 8: Melancholy
    


Notes:
Edited for clarification and increased reflectiveness based on some very valuable feedback from Alex G!




Chapter Text
Tonks was sick of Hogsmede. She was sick of seeing Aberforth’s surly face on her way to and from her room each day. She was sick of seeing the many boarded up shop fronts. Sick of greeting the same ten people. Sick of patrolling the drizzly, miserable Hogwarts grounds day in and out, trying not to think of Remus. Of Draco. Of the fact that her hair, as if cursed by Morgana herself, stubbornly refused to change from the dishwater, dusty, awful colour it had lapsed into.Tonks had bought some hair dye from a muggle pharmacy. It seemed she was immune to its effects. Her hair had simply absorbed the colour and remained sickly brown.At least, Tonks pondered during those first months (in a manner that was not particularly hopeful), there had been no signs of Death Eaters around the castle. But then the Bell girl was cursed. And it was clearly meant to be an attempt against Dumbledore himself.Draco wrote her that night. No greeting. No signature. Just: Meet me. She’d headed for the greenhouses immediately. He’d been distraught. It had been over two months since she’d seen him up close and he looked like shit. Underneath his icy eyes dark circles stood out shockingly against his skin, more pale than ever. He didn’t confess that he was the one behind the attack. Didn’t say anything, actually. He’d just sunk down onto the snow and curled into himself, shaking as he leaned against the frosted glass of the greenhouse. She’d sat next to him and held his hand for awhile as he sobbed into his knees. Then he’d whispered his thanks, mumbled about how he was learning occlumency the best he could and departed.Tonks watched as Draco’s figure, his cloak stark black against the snow, hastened back up to the castle. She’d been biting her tongue she realized, as the metallic taste began to fill her mouth. She was nauseated.It must have been shock, she figured, that had left her feeling so numb. Her thoughts were foggy and unclear. While Draco hadn’t said anything to her, she hadn’t said anything in return. She’d greeted him quietly; a mosaic of emotions had probably been plastered messily in her expression. Concern, fear, anger- disgust, maybe. Not that it had mattered as Draco wouldn’t make eye contact anyhow. And then, she remained silent. She must have been absolutely deranged to have just sat next to him, holding his hand like a nurse maid.And yet… what could she have done other than comfort the boy- attempted murderer though he might be? She’d seen how wrecked he was by the task he'd been forced to take on. Now that she understood properly what he’d meant when he told her it was terrible and that she had not understood- she certainly had not- she knew the assignment was one he was meant to fail. He was meant to die. All to punish slimy Lucius Malfoy for his incompetence.Her fist slammed against the window of the greenhouse and a venomous tentacula snapped back against the glass in vicious defence. Circe and Morgana, she was so fucking furious. With Voldemort. With Lucius. With Draco. With Remus. With Wizarding society as a goddamned whole.She stood for awhile longer, lungs heaving. The cold air began to seep into her, cooling her emotions. Eventually, she headed up to the castle in Draco’s wake, knowing by now he’d be tucked away in his dorm, none the wiser. She went to Dumbledore’s office to tell him.She was certain Draco had been behind the cursed necklace, she said. Feeling momentarily ashamed, she confessed she had been meeting with Draco since the summer. Then, defiance in her eyes (a look she knew to be so fierce her parents had dubbed her their little dragon as soon as she’d been old enough to level a glare at them), she defended her cousin.Dumbledore had nodded, unfazed. He’d told her that he knew of Draco’s task. That he had Severus on the job. That they would do their best to ensure the boy be protected. He’d encouraged Tonks to continue reaching out to him, if she could. He’d said there was no news of Remus.On leaving, she felt dissatisfied. Angrier than before, even. She added Albus Dumbledore and Severus Snape to the list of people she was furious with. They had both known this was Draco’s task. And still… they had let him nearly kill an innocent girl.And Dumbledore was always so vague, putting on omniscient airs as though he knew how everything would play out but that he did not deign it appropriate to share such information with the lowly foot soldiers of the Order. In fact, all he had said was that he knew of Draco’s task. He hadn’t even clearly confirmed what the task entailed. And while Tonks was certain Draco would not succeed in killing Albus Almighty Dumbledore, what if he did kill someone else? That would destroy Draco, Tonks knew. As surely as spending so much time with Greyback and his lackeys would end up destroying Remus.She’d returned to her rooms in the Hog’s Head. Gave Aberforth a forced smile on the way. Putting a silencing charm on her room, she screamed until she began to sob.   A few weeks later Molly came to visit. She’d brought a little potted Christmas Cactus to brighten up the room. She’d asked Tonks to join them for Christmas. Heard Remus would most likely be able to visit for a few days. Tonks felt far too enthused at the prospect.So she said no.At least, she explained, not unless Remus reached out to her first. She held no delusions about their goodbye. Remus had meant it to be forever.~~~Remus wished he could be happy that he was spending these few days amongst loved ones. The last few months had been rather defeating. His fellows, as he’d taken to sardonically thinking of them, were not interested in much beyond what Greyback promised them. What Voldemort promised them. Never mind that once their use was over they’d be quick to be pushed aside in the vision of a Pure Future. The few werewolves that he’d taken to spending most of his time with were, at least, the more mellow of the camp. One, Jonathon, had been a herbologist before he’d stumbled upon a group of wolves on the wrong night of the month while working in the field. Another, Sara, had been attacked as a child. She, like Remus, had not been abducted to live with wolves after her infection like so many children were, but had been raised by her parents. Eventually she’d run away, fearing she’d injure them as she grew stronger.The others though… Several described past attacks on people in a truly lascivious fashion. Exalted Voldemort’s visions for a muggle free world, one where wolves would be able to range freely.Greyback would needle at Remus, try to make him flinch, ask if he’d had nightmares after his attack. Remus pulled on a strength he didn’t know he’d had and remained neutral in the face of it.What Remus struggled with the most, though, was how he felt about spending the moons in the camp. After years of transforming alone, there was a disconcerting comfort to it. The first few years after the war he had ached for his friends, never feeling the pain more acutely than with each moon. For awhile, they had calmed his fears of transforming, his sick worry that he would harm someone when he had no control. Then, once Sirius had taken up residence in Grimmauld Place and they’d begun to reinstate the Order, Sirius had invited Remus to spend a few of his transformations with him in his animagus form, huddled in the cellar of the old house. That had given Remus some amount of safety.But Remus had never transformed amongst other wolves. It felt free.And that made him feel sick.And so, when it had come time, he’d fabricated a rather elaborate excuse about his dying mother in order to be able to leave the camp for Christmas. Remus had prayed (always to James and Sirius) that Greyback would not realise that Remus’s mother was not a Pureblood as he claimed, but in fact a muggle. A long dead one. It had been the backing of Jonathon, Sara, and surprisingly, one of Greyback’s right hand wolves (who apparently harboured a desire for Sara) that had finally persuaded Greyback to allow Remus the leave.But now, instead of talking to Harry- who, as he grew, reminded him of James so much it hurt- Remus stewed, staring into the fire. He listened to Ginny try to exasperatedly placate Arthur as he nattered on about the muggle underground system. Arthur sighed loudly, expressing his wish that Tonks was present, as she was nearly as enthusiastic about all things muggle as Arthur himself. Even better, Tonks’s father was a muggleborn, so she knew enough to answer a fair few of Arthur’s endless questions.When Harry began to prod at Arthur about Snape’s inarguably suspicious conversation with Draco Malfoy just prior to the holidays, Remus dragged himself away from the fire and defended Snape. Feeling rather irritable, he expressed his trust in Dumbledore’s judgement. And, he realized, he trusted Tonks’s judgement as well. Draco was clearly mixed up in something far beyond his capacity to manage, but Remus knew that with Dora and Severus on guard, he’d have as much a fighting chance as possible.Softening a little as Harry asked what Remus had been up to with a concerned look, he began to share a little of his burden. Remus tried to restrain his bitterness for Harry’s sake. A rush of love for the boy nearly overwhelmed him as Harry expressed his outrage at Greyback’s actions against Remus and insisted that Remus qualified as ‘normal’. Thanking Arthur for a cup of the egg nog being passed around, Remus resolved to spend Christmas focused on those he was able to have some fleeting moments of comfort and joy with. Next day at dinner, however, Remus caved. Molly had made a barbed remark about how Tonks was spending Christmas alone. Harry had asked, innocently curious, about why the woman’s patronus would have changed. Remus felt suffocated, strangled in the cozy, jubilant dining room. With the distraction of Percy arriving in the company of the rather spurious Minister of Magic Scrimgeour, Remus slipped out. He’d send Molly and Arthur a thank you note later.Aberforth smirked as Remus walked in, “Number four.”Remus struggled to regulate his breathing as he climbed the narrow steps behind the bar. Each grimy door along the hall had tarnished silver letters spelling out the room number. Number Four was missing the R, so instead it declared haughtily: Fou. He knocked hesitantly. There was no answer, not a sound from within. Maybe Molly had been wrong. Dora must have gone to spend time with her parents, after all.“Remus?” Her voice crackled behind him.~~~









Chapter 9: Gifts
    




Chapter Text
Tonks invited Remus in to the room, her heart pounding erratically against her chest. She’d just returned from her patrol of the school grounds. Curse Aberforth for not warning her. Old goat.
She offered Remus the ratty armchair that was pressed into the back corner of the room, about two feet away from the bed, on the foot of which she perched feet bouncing in their laced boots. Remus politely slipped his boots off at the door before settling into the chair, loosening his scarf. For a moment they just stared at one another.
“Happy Christmas, Dora,” he said quietly. “I’m sorry I don’t have a gift for you.”
“You’re here.”
“Yes,” he chuckled darkly, “a rather poor choice, I suppose.”
“Maybe,” Tonks shrugged, assessing him. He looked nearly as bad as Draco had last she saw him. Draco, she supposed, was new to the ragged look; mayhap Remus just wore it better, more comfortably.
Remus cleared his throat awkwardly and reached into his cloak. 
“I actually do want to give you something. I found it at Grimmauld Place, just before I left…”
He reached across the void between his seat and the bed, passing her a tattered envelope. Out of it, Tonks slid a photograph. It was from last Christmas, when things had felt a little more hopeful. She beamed out, hair a bright red, from between Sirius and Remus. Their Christmas tree glittered in the background. The tree had felt like a triumph to them all, she remembered. They’d decorated it with Harry, Hermione and all the Weasleys after hearing that the antivenin created to treat Arthur had been successful.
“Merlin,” she whispered, tears tumbling down her cheeks. “I forgot we’d taken any pictures.”
Remus moved to sit stiffly beside her.
“I duplicated it,” he said. “So I could have a copy as well.” 
At this Tonks began to sob in earnest, curling into herself. Remus wrapped an arm around her and held her. She asked, feeling sick, if it was her fault. Because if only she’d fought harder, fought better, Bellatrix would never have been able to move on from duelling her to fighting Sirius. He’d never have fallen. He’d still be with them. If only she were better.
Remus ensnared her in both sturdy arms. She flung her legs over his lap, her arms around his neck and cried until the waves of grief began to fade.
“Holding Harry back from that archway was the hardest thing I’ve ever had to do,” Remus offered softly. “I had to be strong for him. All I wanted to do was fling myself after him.”
Tonks felt the truth of it like a shot to her gut. She began to withdraw from Remus.
“But never,” Remus continued, holding to her ever more tightly, “would I ever imagine his death to have been in any possible way your fault.”
“I think it was,” she said brokenly.
“My love,” Remus stroked her hair, “I wish I could change that.”
Tonks shrugged, feeling overwhelmed by his affection, “You’re helping.” 
He chuckled softly and tipped her chin up, brushing a soft kiss to each cheek. “I’m glad.”
Slipping away, Tonks excused herself to the bathroom. She was a little fearful that Remus would think better of coming and disappear when she was away, but she needed a moment to pull herself together. She scrubbed at her face with cold water and stared at herself in the mirror. She crinkled her nose and willed her hair to turn pink. No such luck. Returning to the main room, she let out a little sigh at seeing Remus sitting on the edge of her bed, just where she’d left him.
He grinned at her, “Haven’t bailed out yet.”
In one rapid move, he stood and strode towards her, grabbing her neck and kissing her with desperation. She slipped his travelling cloak off. He unbuttoned her coat. They tumbled onto the bed. 
When he’d undone her shirt, eyes focused on her revealed skin, he froze. Tonks pulled back, dreading that he had suddenly taken this moment to think better of the direction the night was taking. She didn’t think she could handle that.
His fingers gently brushed her skin, just above the line of her bright purple bra.
“Is this…” His voice faltered. 
Oh. 
“The paw print of one Padfoot, of Marauder’s notoriety? Yes.”
She’d had a letter from Sirius signed with the print taken to a muggle artist over the summer and tattooed over her heart. 
Remus kissed her softly for a moment, as if wanting to impart his love, before his passion took over again. Tonks was delighted to find that wild look back in his eyes. Not fearful this time. Or angry. Lustful.
~~~
Remus took a deep breath and clung to Dora. She hummed softly and nuzzled her nose into his chest. They’d been lying silently, wrapped in one another, for nearly an hour now. The part of Remus that felt it was important to protect Dora from himself had been pushed aside wholeheartedly. Now though, it was insidiously slithering back into his consciousness.
He dipped his head down to press a kiss against her forehead. Her hair was overall a lank brown but, Remus noticed, there were a few lavender locks woven through it. 
“Dora…” he whispered, “I’m sorry.”
He could feel her lips curve into a smile against his chest. “What for?”
“For not being stronger.” His tone was devout. 
Tonks pulled away from him, brows raised incredulously.
“You’re fucking kidding me right?”
Remus closed his eyes, not wanting to meet hers. He shook his head and let his breath out slowly.
“I’m not strong. I’ve never been able to withstand the possibility of having a friend. You know, I hadn’t spent more than five minutes at a time in the presence of another child until Hogwarts. It took me two years before I could accept that James, Sirius and Peter were actually my friends. And then, no matter how outright mean they were to anyone else, I never… I’ve never been able to stick to my morals in the face of a chance at companionship. I haven’t grown much as a person, it seems, given I’m here.”
Tonks blew a crude noise out of her lips. “Merlin Rem, keep that up and Sirius’ll be coming back to haunt your ignorant ass.” She grabbed hold of his face in a manner that was not so much a caress as a firm demand. 
Remus opened his eyes to meet her gaze. He tried to focus on her words, rather than the furrow that had formed between her well arched eyebrows and the way her lips were twisted just slightly with displeasure. She had a point there, Remus knew. Sirius would have been positively outraged to hear him voice that fact.
Splaying her other hand above his heart, Tonks said, “Wanting companionship? That is not weakness. That is humanity.” 
Every protesting thought that had been bubbling up in his mind like a crudely made potion vanished. Evanesco.
She was right, after all, wasn’t she?
“I’m not expecting tonight to have changed your mind about this-about us- Remus. But…” She nibbled on her lip, looking at him so earnestly his heart ached. “I hope you can change your mind about that belief, at least.” 
Remus ran his fingers through her hair, contemplating. He nodded. Then he asked, “What’s going on with your hair?”
Tonks set her jaw stubbornly. “Never you mind.”
“Harry mentioned something about your patronus…” 
At this, she surprised Remus, pushing him back and jumping out of bed, turning to pull a too large t-shirt she grabbed off a pile on the floor over herself before whirling back around to glare at him. It was clear to him that he had made a serious misstep in mentioning it. How she could go from so determinedly loving him to being so furious in a hot second was beyond Remus’s understanding.
“You think I want you to have this much of a fucking effect on me?” she howled. “It’s fucking ridiculous! Like I’m just some love sick teenager. Well I am not! I am a woman and I do perfectly fucking well on my own thank you very much!”
Remus, who had pulled himself into a seated position as he endured her waves of wrath, met her eyes evenly.
“You think you don’t drive me mad, too? I don’t do anything without thinking it through very thoroughly. Except, of course, when it comes to you.” Remus’s voice had been calm and measured initially. Its volume-entirely out of his own control- was beginning to increase, however. “Like, for example, the fact that I am naked in your bed right now! I don’t yell at people. I don’t swear at people. For fuck’s sake Dora!” he shouted.  
She threw herself at him then, her lips colliding against his with such force that they both tumbled backwards onto the bed.
After they’d made love once more Remus curled around Tonks, her back pressed tightly to his chest. They talked about their work. Their duties. How they could both agree that no matter how much they wished they could forget the world and run off together to live somewhere isolated they had far too much to fight for.
The next morning, as they stood in her doorway, Remus said regretfully, “Dora…”
“I know,” she whispered. The traces of bitterness in her voice were almost hidden from him. 
“I do love you.” 
“I know.” She reached up on her toes to kiss him soundly. “Me too.” 
As he walked down the constricted stairwell and slipped out a back door of the Hog’s Head to apparate, Remus wondered just what it was she knew. That he was losing this battle with himself? That it wouldn’t take much longer before she had convinced him that maybe turning into a damned werewolf once a month wasn’t such an insurmountable barrier?
~~~









Chapter 10: Comforts
    




Chapter Text
The days following Christmas were the kind of cold that seeps into every moment of life. Tonks woke up each morning to see her breath fog into the air of her room at the inn. She’d cast a warming charm and pull on a wool jumper over her flannel pajamas before making herself a mug of tea. She’d try to be grateful that she was on day patrols this week. Bundling up, she’d head out for her rounds, keeping up a brisk pace to maintain her body warmth. After eight hours she’d head back to the Hog’s Head for a stew. Then she’d crawl back into bed, piling on extra blankets and wearing a pair of thick socks from Molly with the hopes that she wouldn’t wake up chilly in the middle of the night.The day before New Year’s Eve Draco wrote her again. The note was mildly more loquacious than his last, mentioning that he’d forgone going home for the holiday and wondered if she might like to meet him at their usual location after lunch. She’d sent his owl back with her agreement scrawled on the back of the same piece of parchment. Nipping a couple of travel mugs from Aberforth she made up tea just how Draco liked it. Then she stopped by Honeyduke’s for a couple of snacks- treacle fudge and fizzing whizzbees. Tonks smiled as the clerk packed them up in Christmas edition paper bags, imagining how much fun it might have been to exchange gifts as a family back when they were younger. Of course, the Malfoys would never have stooped so low as to show up to the Tonks home to participate in the jolly carousing that filled Tonks’s memories. But Andromeda had always spoken fondly of a few of the Black family’s traditions- wreath making had always been her favourite and she would hum ruefully to herself as she reminisced about how Narcissa had outstripped them all in her skill at the task.When Tonks poked her head around to the back of the greenhouse with a brilliant grin, she was delighted to see Draco holding a matching bag. His eyes lit up just a little and the boy allowed himself a smile.“Happy Christmas!” Tonks exclaimed. “Brought you a little something.”“And I you,” Draco raised a smug brow, offering her the bag.“Coconut ice and pixie puffs! Brilliant Draco, thanks.”Draco, equally pleased- their sweets preferences was one of the first things they had covered during the awkward moments of their initial meeting- pressed a well bred kiss to Tonks’s cheek. Then he pulled away, looking suddenly unsure.“Tonks… are, are you not angry with me?”Figuring it was best to be honest with him- Tonks figured he probably didn’t get much honesty in his life, never mind that she really wasn’t capable of so much as a white lie anyhow- Tonks replied, “I am, yeah.”Draco looked to the ground, the corner of his mouth tugging downwards. “So why are you here?”Tonks shrugged, “You’re still my cousin. My friend.” He glanced up briefly before dropping his eyes back down. “And I guess… I have a hard time blaming you entirely for this bloody mess you’re all tangled in. But still… She nearly died, Draco.” Saying the fact out loud caused the tightly coiled unease in her gut raise up like a cobra.“I know. I don’t know what to do Tonks. I really don’t have a choice.” He sounded so fractured that Tonks couldn’t help but feel her anger towards him abate a little. “I know this is really, awfully selfish but could we just… kind of forget about it and just hang out for a bit?”Sighing, Tonks popped a pixie puff into her mouth, hooked her arm through his and suggested they go for a stroll. The sky was an unbroken grey, snow would certainly come, but at the moment the air held more warmth than it had in ages.She was pleased to note that Draco sighed a little in response, then seemed to loosen up. He even tilted his face towards the sky and took a deep, cleansing breath. But when he realized she was aiming him towards the Forbidden Forest, Draco dug in his heels.“Why on earth,” he asked disparagingly, “would you want to go in there?”Tonks smirked, “Well you don’t want anyone that might be in the castle to see us together, do you? I suspect that would get you in just a spot of trouble with your parents.”“There are werewolves in there, Tonks." At this she laughed outright. “Oh stop whinging. It’s nowhere near the full moon. Besides… they’re really just people, Draco.”Draco let out an indignant and rather undignified ‘Humpf’, but allowed his cousin to steer him into the border of the forest. “We’ll stay to the edges,” she reassured him before asking him how his holidays were.Draco shared a small amount before deflecting the conversation to Tonks. He was nothing if not well bred, he insisted, and far too many of their conversations thus far tended to focus on him. His mother would be appalled. So Tonks, taking a deep steadying breath, told him about Remus.She was not unsurprised by his reaction- one of disgust and outrage initially, followed by an almost sweet expression of protectiveness. That said, she was having none of it. Tonks had decided to share with him because speaking to Molly about it all, while lovely, was a little much at times. The woman was insistently reassuring and Tonks was highly doubtful of every platitude that Molly offered her. She just wanted someone to listen. And provide a little honesty, perhaps.Once Draco had calmed enough to listen to the story of her tangled relationship he took a moment to eye her thoughtfully. With his head tilted just a little and his grey eyes spacey with reflection, Tonks half expected him to start spewing prophecies. Instead he said, “I’ve never felt that way about anyone.”Tonks, suddenly feeling a curl of embarrassment in her gut, looked down to the forest floor.“I mean,” Draco continued, “I don’t imagine anyone has ever felt that way about me, either. That you both just…” Tonks glanced back up, catching his intense gaze for a moment, “Want to fight for one another like that. It’s… It’s a little mad." Chuckling, Tonks gave him a little shove, “Maybe. Makes me a little mad, anyhow. And I’d fight for you, you twit.”“Well thanks, but you really ought not to. You’ve already got your hands full with mangy dog. So is this why your hair has been so painfully sad of late?” Scowling, Tonks replied, “My fucking patronus has changed too.”Draco hummed thoughtfully, “Could you teach me to cast a patronus?” Without waiting for a reply he continued, “And in all seriousness, Tonks… he might have the right of it.”“You’re a tad biased,” she retorted.“Maybe. But I’m weighing the facts. He seems to be terribly in love with you. He also seems to be a man of strong morals- I rather liked him as a professor you know, though I’m afraid I was rather mean spirited about his general shabbiness-”Tonks rolled her eyes, “Mean spirited? I can’t believe it.”“Shut it. Point being he does not want to see you hurt. And the possibility that he could hurt you is very real, Tonks.”Feeling her eyes prick a little Tonks pressed her lips tight, hoping to ward off the tears. “You’re right, I suppose.”“Knowing you, he probably thinks you are being willfully naïve about it all.”“Draco,” she growled, “You don’t know me that well.”Draco barked out a sarcastic laugh. “Tonks. You’ve spent the last several months insistently trying to save me or some such gods cursed thing. I can hardly imagine you are giving Lupin any other impression. You’ve got a hero’s complex.”“Fuck off,” she muttered, recognizing some degree of truth in the statement.“Maybe,” Draco said, drawing the word out, “if you made it clear you actually did understand the danger, he’d stop trying to protect you.”“I could hex circles around him. And you.”Draco shrugged, “Just saying. And you could not hex circles around me. I once made Granger’s teeth grow to her knees.”They fell back into playful banter as they walked back to the greenhouses before saying their goodbyes. Tonks had not expected Draco to seem quite as- as wise as he had. She was coming to deeply appreciate the relationship they had developed. As she continued to walk the grounds for her patrol, she felt a little more hopeful and quite a lot less isolated.~~~Remus entered the camp after Christmas with the sense of resignation that had been his companion since he was twenty-one years of age. Maybe he’d had a brief happiness throughout his adolescence, but it was his fate to just keep trucking on through all the rest of life. To be cursed. To be friendless. To be miserable. But to be resilient. To scavenge and survive like a stray mutt.The comfort that he had found with Dora had fled him near immediately. He didn’t terribly regret it. Not as much as he had figured he would. It had leant them both some relief, something they had each been in great need of. Dora’s acquiescence when it came to the fact that it could only be that one, wonderful day for them had helped Remus to fall fully into what essentially equated to a phenomenal day dream. As he walked towards the perimeter of the camp he fiddled with her ring, always strung around his neck where she’d placed it months prior. He let it slip down under his collar as he saw the first buildings.Unlike the jeering chorus that had greeted him on his first arrival to the camp, Remus’s entry went largely unheeded. The full moon was in two days and everyone was glutting themselves on what meat they’d been able to secure in preparation. A few members of the camp, Remus was told, had gone off with Greyback in order to position themselves nearby a family with whom Lucius Malfoy had a bone to pick. Remus offered to pick through the traps that had been erected within the forest adjacent to their camp. They were, as nearly always, empty. Small animals could smell the predatory pheromones of the wolves, no matter the time of month.It was not difficult for Remus to settle back into the routine of the camp. Not much changed really. They had lost a few members. One killed by Greyback for some insignificant slight against the leader. One for venturing too close to a wizarding home that was well defended against attack. There was, though, one difference that caused a sense of unease to unfurl within Remus- Greyback was ignoring him. Not entirely, of course. But the grizzled man no longer taunted Remus. He spoke to him only when he had a specific purpose, a specific order. Greyback, in fact, was conspicuously avoiding even looking at Remus. It was as if he was desperate to analyze Remus’s every move, but working hard so that Remus wouldn’t catch on. It was undeniably disconcerting.Remus would have to move a little more carefully going forward. He never questioned the wisdom of carrying on.~~~









Chapter 11: Apprehension
    


Notes:
Updated with grammatical edits




Chapter Text
“Proudfoot,” Tonks hollered, “Would you bugger off?” A glance at her pocket watch, propped open on the side table told Tonks it was eleven in the evening. She growled and pulled the pillow over her head. Proudfoot had determined that Tonks was too melancholy, and it was April and spring time was a time of rejuvenation he had insisted. Hearing such a ridiculous cliché from the young man who had proffered the comment quite seriously had caused her to roll her eyes and stomp off to her room. He had been trying to convince her to go into Diagon Alley for the night and ‘live it up a little’. It was Saturday after all.The air pressure of the room began to swell ominously. Tonks felt her ears pop and she flew out of bed, pointing her wand at the bedroom door just as her wards broke and the door flew open, doorknob slamming violently into the cracked dry wall. She disarmed the shadowy opponent without thought and caught their wand as they stepped into the room.The room was lit perfectly adequately by the moonlight filtering in through the dingy window, a beam fell helpfully on the intruder, illuminating him. Draco.“What the fuck?” Tonks hissed.She scanned him quickly up and down. No apparent injuries, though he did look more pale than usual. Striding towards the doorway, Tonks shoved him deeper into the room, pressing his wand to his chest where he reached to clutch it awkwardly. She crept into the hallway towards the stairs, casting charms to reveal any hidden adversaries. When she felt safe enough, she slid back into her room, locked and warded the door and turned to glare at her cousin.“What in the name of Merlin, Morgana and buggered Hoodini do you think you’re doing? Fuck Malfoy, anyone could see you. That will get us both killed right quick that will!”Draco attempted a sneer and in a tone that was almost as confidently disdainful as Tonks was sure he had intended it to be replied, “I used a secret passage out of the castle and am quite handy with disillusionment I’ll have you know. I snuck right into the pub behind some drunkard, I’m sure no one noticed.”“If you think Aberforth isn’t keen enough to catch you sneaking up those stairs you’re batty.”“Whatever. It couldn’t wait.”Then, Draco made her wait. He pursed his lips tightly and took several long minutes to eye each corner of the room with suspicion. When he finally spoke it was not anything near what she had suspected. She anticipated, perhaps, a confession of his guilt in the poisoning of Ron Weasley earlier that week. That had caused her to have a panic attack in her shower after she’d heard about it. Proudfoot had told her after she’d returned home from a visit with her parents and she had nodded weakly then headed straight to her room to bathe, hoping to wash the sick feeling that settled in her gut away. She had sunk to the floor of the shower immediately, struggling to breathe. She really was wearing thin. Proudfoot was right, she probably could have used a night at the pub.Instead he said, “Full moon tonight.”“What are you on about?” she snapped.“Tonks… I heard some news from Goyle today. I gather that… that Lupin’s being held captive by Greyback. They’re… questioning him, it seems.”Reaching out, she seized Draco’s robes and yanked him closer to her. A panic overtook her sense and everything narrowed down to his pointed, pallid face. His grey eyes were wide with concern.“I’m so sorry… I just. I had to come and tell you. I don’t know that there’s anything you can do really but…”She released him abruptly and began to prepare to leave in a flurry. Ripping off her pajamas she pulled on a pair of jeans and a jumper, ignoring Draco’s blush as he turned to stare at the wall.“Tell me everything you know,” she demanded.“Not much,” he replied, voice wavering. “I guess Greyback was getting a bit suspicious of him. And Goyle says his dad heard he was romantically involved with someone in the Order so…”Tonks froze, in the middle of pulling her robes onto her right arm, wand held awkwardly in her teeth. “Draco,” she said slowly, “How the fuck would they know something like that?” Draco, who had still been facing the wall, shuffled around until he faced her. “Not from me. I swear it on mum’s life, Tonks.”She stared intently at him for a moment before nodding briskly and continuing to dress. “What else?”“They’ve had him under interrogation about three days. Goyle’s dad joined the camp just prior to the moon in order to help out with it. He’s just returned home and written to Goyle to tell him about it.” Lips pressed into a fine line Tonks raised a brow in silent question. Draco shook his head, “I don’t know if they learnt anything from it. Goyle didn’t say and I didn’t want to press for the details of his personal correspondence.”“Is Dumbledore back?” If Tonks had felt as if there was any degree of stability in the world, perhaps she would have felt badly when Draco flinched at her tone. As it was she felt completely unmoored. Her heart pounding painfully was the only sensation tying her to her body, otherwise she thought her soul might just fly right out of it in search of Remus. It was just recently that she had run into Harry at the castle while looking for Dumbledore, hoping to hear any news on Remus. And he hadn’t been there.Draco shook his head, “Wasn’t at dinner, no.”Hearing this she gave him another curt nod and moved to the door.“Be careful getting back.”He reached out, laying a hesitant hand on her shoulder, “Tonks… be careful, okay?” A reckless, predatory smile spread across her face. Something about the contact against her muscles had reigned her in a little. Taking a deep breath, she gathered her wits about her a little more, ordering her mind to slow. Being impulsive about this wouldn’t do any good. “I will,” she reassured him. “I promise.” As she raced down the stairs Aberforth gave her a questioning look. She slipped to his side and quietly informed him that she had had a guest who had been seeking to help the Order and if Aberforth could make it easy for the disillusioned wizard to slip out of the pub, she would be most grateful. Aberforth was nothing if not sharp and subtle and quickly made a show about opening the back door to take out the garbage. Feeling confident in Draco’s ability to make it back up to the castle, she apparated to Moody’s front door.~~~









Chapter 12: Prehension
    




Chapter Text
Alastor Moody’s home looked like a cold war bunker. Kinglsey was keeper of the fidelius charm on the home and a scant few people knew its address. The building’s towering walls of concrete were broken only by narrow slivers of window, charmed against breaking. The door was steel with a dragon’s claw knocker. She hammered on it as she swept her wand across it. She was one of maybe two people outside of Moody himself to whom the wards would provide any information. Her spell informed her that he was not, in fact home. She cursed and spun off to The Burrow instead. She cried in relief when she saw him sitting on the back porch with Arthur, smoking a pipe. Molly must be on some patrol or other, Tonks thought. No way would she have allowed Arthur to smoke. The men jumped to their feet, concern woven into their lined faces. Moody’s fake eye had been stuck backwards, he gave it a jab and it quickly whirled around to meet her gaze.She gasped out her story, keeping her source confidential. The look Moody fixed her with made it clear that she would not get away with keeping it that way for long.Arthur looked troubled, “Tonks… we don’t know where the camp is. Remus has only shared that with Dumbledore.”Tonks knew she should feel a little bashful as she made this admission- given that Remus knew nothing about it- she did not at all, however. “I’ve given him a gift that he keeps with him,” she shared. “It’s got a locator charm on it.” Moody looked proud.Quickly, they hammered out a plan. Arthur would alert other members of the Order of the potential breech in their security. Everyone must be prepared to go to one of the several safe houses that Remus had not been aware of in a moments notice. Moody had been reluctant to agree on a rescue, growling that Remus was likely a lost cause at this point. Never mind that it was a full moon tonight.Tonks had grasped his hand, tears in her eyes, and looked up at his scarred visage, her desperation clear.“Fine,” he consented. “Not because I think this is a good idea- because it’s right stupid. But because I know you’d go off on your own and get yourself killed if I didn’t go with you.”She’d thrown her arms around him and hung off his neck until he had relented and wrapped his arms around her tightly in return. It took just a few minutes longer for them to agree on their tactical plan. Arthur summoned a map of the UK from inside his home and Tonks activated her locator charm. When a bright blue light sparkled on the crinkled surface of the map, relief swamped her. They determined it would be safest to apparate to a point about two kilometres away and then fly in. Arthur pulled a couple of brooms out of his shed and shrunk them so Tonks and Moody could tuck them away in the pockets of their cloaks. They held to one another and turned on the spot, the constriction of apparition squeezing the anxiety Tonks felt to a breaking point.As she hit the frosted ground and stumbled Tonks gasped. She flung her hands out in front of her to catch herself and felt her palms sting as rocks dug into her flesh. Moody grabbed her collar and yanked her back to her feet. She glanced around. Trees as far as the eye could see. They were harshly lit in the full moon, long shadows reminiscent of jail bars lined the forest floor. It was significantly colder here than at the Burrow, and her breath smoked in the air as she panted.“Deep breath, Dora.” Moody ordered.She followed his instructions as he took out the brooms and restored them to their functional size. An eerie howl broke through the air. She flung her leg over the broom he handed her and lifted off next to him. They intended to fly over the encampment during the night, while the werewolves would not be able to take any notice of them scouting it out. Then, as the morning dawned, they would extract Remus. Their hope was that they would be able to recognize him somehow during the night, and get in promptly as he returned to himself to remove him from the situation. In any case, the wolves would be weak on their restoration to human form, and it would be a touch easier for Tonks and Moody to take them on. It was almost a blessing that it was the full moon- it also meant that Goyle and any other Death Eater’s that had been at the camp had cleared out. If Tonks and Mad-Eye were quick about it, they could get Remus to safety before any returned to the camp.Tonks gave her mentor a grim grin and headed towards the howl.As they grew closer, several more howls cut through the air. A hunched creature raced between the trees beneath her, followed by a handful more. Tonks had never seen a werewolf beyond pictures that had been in her DADA text at school. There was something terribly unnatural about them. She struggled to pin down quite what it was… Their tails were scraggly, like a well loved fur scarf that had lost its lustre. Their faces somehow slightly human. It was in observing their movement that Tonks felt her hairs stand on edge. They raced along one after the other rapidly, but in an off balanced manner. It reminded Tonks of the time her dad had made her watch the film To Kill a Mockingbird with him. There was a scene in which a rabid dog had jerked its way down the lane towards a family until it had been shot dead. A shrill, very human scream pierced through the air. Moody glanced at Tonks and they veered towards the noise. They flew over a cluster of decrepit buildings and to a tower of smoke wending its way towards the moon hovering above them. A bonfire burned in the little square at the centre of the buildings. Nearby a small body was curled into itself, trainers kicking out feebly. A massive werewolf was bent over the figure, ripping flesh off its small back. It’s just a little boy, Tonks realized in terror. A second wolf jumped in to nip at the boy’s calf, exposed beneath his torn robes. Tonks pushed back a scream with her hand pressed tight to her mouth.One final cry and the boy’s kicking ceased. Tonks startled when she felt a hand against her shoulder. Moody shook his head silently. Too late. Nothing they could have managed to do anyways she supposed, feeling a deep dread set in. Remus had been right all this time. She never understood. She was ignorant. Naïve.Moody pointed across the square. Against a building that was a little larger than the others rested a small cage. It looked to be magically reinforced, a foreboding glimmer emanating from the bars. Inside a wolf lay curled, its snout squeezed between two of the bars. As they flew closer a faint whimpering reached Tonks’s ears. She knew in her core that this was Remus. Even in this form he looked like he’d been through hell. He had massive patches of his fur missing. The pallid bald spots were speckled with blood. His right foreleg stuck out at a bizarre angle.As Moody let out a quiet whistle, the wolf looked up, eyes panicked. Pulling its nose back into the cage from between the bars, it twisted its head so as to get a better angle to view them, hovering ten meters above. It sniffed the air cautiously and its whip of a tail beat twice against the ground. He knows us! Tonks thought, all thoughts of the dead boy just metres away wiped from her mind. She was elated.Then with a snarl Remus lunged at the bars along the top of the cage, snapping viciously. He jumped again and again, hammering his head against the cage. Moody grabbed her arm gently and pulled her away from the cage and back into the forest. They found a tree that they could settle in and sat beside one another on a solid branch waiting for dawn to break. “It’s part of him,” Moody said gravely.“I know,” Tonks whispered. “I understand now.” ~~~









Chapter 13: Surviving
    


Notes:
Sorry for such a tremendously late update, especially after a bit of a cliff hanger! Life really caught up with me this summer and writing had to take the back burner. I will be continuing this story but update might be more around the every few weeks mark until it is complete! Thanks to you subscribers for your patience and I hope you enjoy :)




Chapter Text
A rattling woke Remus. Without even cracking his eyes, his whole body responded by flinching back and away from the noise. There was not a cell in his body that wasn’t in pain. He retched, but his gut had nothing to give up. The air was cold as it hit his throat. He couldn’t decide whether it was soothing to his skin or if it was causing the pain to be worsened.
A softer noise reached through the fog clouding his mind. Then, more rattling. Then, maybe, something like a sob. Remus wasn’t sure if it had come from him.
Finally, forcing himself to take a deep breath, he opened his eyes. Nymphadora was there, hovering on the other side of a set of shimmering steel pipes, looking distraught. Remus croaked at her.
“Remus! Oh thank God, you woke up!”
“Get a move on,” another voice growled.
Remus struggled to focus his eyes and recognized the shape of Mad-Eye Moody, his back to Tonks, wand arm aloft. Remus gave his head a vigorous shake, biting into his tongue as shooting pain wracked up his arm. Dora was trying to open the cage, he realized. She was struggling to wrench it open physically at the same time as she was murmuring a series of charms in an attempt to break the spell that sealed it shut. Well, Remus thought distantly, he could help. He knew the spell. He just hadn’t had the strength to perform it wandless.
Gasping, he spat out the word she needed to say. Thankfully, Dora was pretty quick on the uptake. Remus was certain he wouldn’t have been able to repeat himself. Moody, still on guard, shot one of Greyback’s favourite lackeys with a stunner and hissed once more at Tonks to hurry up. A series of irritated snarls reached Remus’s ears.
Tonks yanked on his less damaged arm, pulling him out of the cage and into some imitation of standing posture. Moody shot another curse before setting a broom to levitate next to Tonks. Remus noted that Tonks swung herself on, even as she kept a hand wrapped around his upper arm to stabilize him. Moody scooped Remus up, ungainly around the waist, and put him down behind Dora. Automatically, Remus wrapped his arms as best he could around her as she took off. He hoped Mad-Eye was following ok. He hoped he wouldn’t pass out and fall off.
Tonks cursed and Remus glanced down, seeing a wolf who was no friend of his dragging a knife down the length of her calf. He swung his leg out with as much effort as he could muster, kicking the man in the jaw. It gave them enough space for Tonks to raise her broom up out of reach. Remus realized the few werewolves still in possession of wands were shooting a series of erratic curses at them. He clung to Dora dizzily as she jerked around in an effort to dodge them. Mad-Eye must have been close behind, because he cast a shield around them, it glimmered green in the early morning.
Then Remus faded out.
When he woke again it was to the sound of hushed arguing. He couldn’t bear to open his eyes. The wave of pain that hit him was worse than any of his many previous experiences with injury. The voices were Nymphadora and Alastor, he recognized, relieved. Nobody else seemed to be near. They were arguing over whether it would be safe to side-along apparate with Remus.
“Yes,” Remus croaked, forcing his eyes open, “apparate.”
He sort of landed on his feet, but only for an instant before he fell flat onto his face. The grass and dirt smelled of life. He felt small, soft hands on his shoulder, and the back of his neck. Smelled a warm, vanilla scent. Molly.
Oh, Molly, he thought ridiculously, Thank Merlin for Molly. 
“Oh, Remus,” she whispered, “Let’s get you as patched up as we can, shall we?”
He was levitated onto some sort of stretcher. It was mildly less painful then the ground. He opened his eyes briefly, but everything surrounding him was blurry, so he closed them again. He was enveloped in warmth as they entered the Burrow. He was settled into what he figured must have been the sitting room couch. He lost consciousness once more.
On waking, Remus felt slightly less like death. He was greeted by the grizzled face of Alastor Moody, leaning over him so closely that Remus could not see anything beyond. 
“What did they get?” Moody snarled.
Remus tried to speak, then stopped to clear his throat. Molly squeezed in next to Mad-Eye and lifted Remus up a little so he could sip from the water glass she held against his lips.
On trying again, Remus whispered, “Nothing.”
“Nothing?” Moody looked highly doubtful. “I would like to verify that! We’re waiting on Dumbledore- he’s to bring the pensieve.” 
Remus inclined his head so far as his stiff muscles would allow, “Take them.” 
Moody placed his wand against Remus’s forehead and pulled out a thread of silvery memories. Remus could hear the door open and Albus’s voice waft in. He was promptly distracted, however, as Tonks shoved Moody out of the way, snapping, “You’ve got it then, go on!”
She’d been crying, tracks of tears running through the grime coating her cheeks. As Remus attempted to give her a weak smile, she broke down, laying her head to his chest and sobbing viciously. Remus couldn’t tell her it was causing him pain.
Molly, rather than leave the room as Remus thought most well mannered people would do, pulled up a chair next to the one Dora had collapsed onto and wrapped one arm around the other woman, while beginning to stroke Remus’s hair with her free hand. In a soft tone, she explained to Remus that Tonks had gotten word (from a confidential source) of his position, how she and Moody had been able to rescue him. She assured him that the injuries Tonks and Moody received were minor, and easily healed once she had taken care of those injuries of Remus’s that she was able to heal with varying degrees of success. His right arm, she said, had been dislocated as well as experienced a broken radius which had pierced right through his skin. He’d received cursed burns to several areas of his body, including the left side of his scalp. He might have a few more scars, including one from a slicing jinx across that ran from his right jawline across the bridge of his nose, Molly informed. But, for the most part he would heal up just fine within a couple of days.
Remus shot her a grateful look as he raised his left hand to rest of the back on Dora’s head, which was shuddering with the force of her tears. Molly pressed a kiss to his cheek before standing and leaving the younger couple alone.
“Dora,” Remus whispered.
She didn’t reply, beyond beginning to sob all the harder. 
~~~









Chapter 14: Determinations
    




Chapter Text
Tonks, as soon as she’d calmed herself enough, borrowed the Weasley family’s sadly battered old owl to send a note. She’d have to hope none of red-headed Gryffindors (or Hermione- she was the particularly keen one of the group, after all) noticed it dropping a letter off at the Slytherin table during breakfast. Post time was usually such a melee chances they would recognize it were fairly low, she reasoned before flinging Errol into the sky as if she were push starting a car on the fritz.
She’d kept the note minimal, just in case it was intercepted.

Saved him. Thank you. 

When she returned to Remus, he gave her about five minutes. It was, in combination with the time she had spent crying on him Tonks guessed, the amount of time it took Remus to feel reasonably stable in his ability to remain conscious.
Tonks sat on the floor next to the couch rather than the chair, which she shoved unceremoniously out of her way. She pressed a kiss to Remus’s cheek and held fast to his hand. 
“Rem… you were right; I didn’t really understand how it is.” She studied his face carefully as she continued, “Alastor and I were there for most of last night. It was…awful. I think it’s important you know… I understand. I do,” her voice wavered a little. “And it doesn’t change anything for me.” 
Several emotions flickered across Remus’s face. Tonks was not able to name a single one of them.
Finally, he replied, “Dora… I feel terrible.”
It was the tone of his voice, ragged in its raspiness though it was, that tipped her off.
She tilted her head to the side, eyes flashing, “feel guilty?” she scathed.
She observed coldly as Remus’s eyes widened slightly, his lips fell apart in a little o. A distant part of her felt like screaming, tearing at him, making a scene. She heard one of the Weasleys softly close the door between the living room and the kitchen to allow them some privacy. But she didn’t need it. The noisy, devastated, angry part of her had been pushed out of the way in favour of a icy ruthlessness.
Her response was out of step with her past actions, she knew. She’d been steadfastly loving and understanding. Well, with the exception of yelling at him that little bit over Christmas, she supposed. But otherwise she had reiterated her love over and over. And then she had given him her understanding about it all. That he wasn’t in a place to accept it. That all she would get were these tastes of what it might be like to be together. Those moments when Remus considered himself too damned ‘weak’ to stay away. She was sick of this no man’s land. Of welcoming him back so eagerly, so pathetically. She had thought she would lose him for good today, that there would be no more fleeting moments of happiness. And yet, he didn’t have the decency to give her even an hour of damned time before he pushed her away.
Pulling herself to her feet so that she towered over Remus, who looked so vulnerable prone on the couch, she said in an even, chilled tone, “You should. You should feel guilty. I love you so much. I have been vulnerable with you. I have fought for you… for you to understand I am serious. And you…” She ran her hands through her hair, not realizing it had turned a flaming red, “You just throw it back in my face like it is meaningless. Like I am an ignorant child. Clearly, you don’t think I am worth anything. So I am done.”
As she headed towards the door to the kitchen, she paused a moment, then turned. “You would have died, today. If it weren’t for me.”
Closing the door behind her, Tonks began to tremble. She saw Molly’s worried brown eyes dart between Tonks and the doorway, a silent question. Tonks shook her head brusquely and strode out of the Burrow until she was past the wards and able to apparate away.
~~~ 
Remus had pulled himself to his feet to follow her. He ignored Molly as he wobbled out into the yard and watched her dissapparate. Then he’d stumbled and fallen onto his hands and knees. Later, he would feel regretful for snapping at Molly when she came to help him back up. At present, he just wanted to be left alone in the brisk morning air.
Eventually, Arthur came out to talk to him. He flopped his long legs out before him and leaned back on his hands. Casually he said, “Molly has order me to instruct you to get your stubborn arse back inside before you catch the cold that will finally push you over the edge into your grave.”
Remus grunted. He’d been contemplating the benefits of Hogwart’s house system. Pulling that musty hat down onto his head was one of his most vivid memories. He’d jumped a little when he spoke not to him but inside his mind. The hat had whispered “Gryffindor will do quite nicely for you, I believe.”  Remus had begged it to consider Ravenclaw, or Hufflepuff. Remus, at age eleven, felt he had a pretty strong understanding of himself. He was shy, he was smart, he worked hard and he stuck to his values. He was not brave. He was not noble. How could he possibly be? He was a monster, after all. The hat had just about given in to Remus’s begging when Sirius, whom Remus had cautiously befriended on the train, caught Remus’s eye from under the hat. He gave him a thumbs up and that ruthlessly cocky grin. Remus had sighed internally and thought, “Ok, if you think Gryffindor.”
It was clearly ridiculous to sort children into various houses based on personality attributes. Personalities, while perhaps somewhat designated at birth, were also very fluid. Especially throughout adolescence. Dora, for example, was an idol of bravery. But she was also steadfast and patient and loyal. She could assess a situation and determine a course of action faster than a bolt of lightening. She could have done brilliantly in any house.
Remus turned to Arthur and frowned. “That pain potion has made me strangely philosophical.” He couldn’t remember what exactly the point of analyzing the house system was supposed to have been. “I’ve gone and fucked it all up quite nicely, Arthur.”
“Maybe,” Arthur grabbed his friend’s hand and pulled him to his feet, “But you’re in no state to do much one way or the other about it.”
~~~ 









Chapter 15: Progressions
    




Chapter Text
Tonks raced up the stone steps of the castle, her hands slapped the ground harshly as she tripped onto the first landing.
“Miss Tonks,” Dumbledore greeted softly, pulling her to her feet. “Calm yourself, he will be just fine.”
“What do you mean?” She gasped, whirling to continue her journey as soon as she’d regained her footing. “You sent me a letter in the middle of the night saying I’d best come up to the bloody Hospital Wing to see him!” 
“Young Mr. Malfoy was on the receiving end of a curse from Mr.Potter, I’m afraid,” Dumbledore explained in an obscene way Tonks could only describe as mildly regretful. Like how you’d tell a story about your eight-year-old grieving their elderly gold fish’s death and subsequent flushing to a colleague. Not at all an appropriate way to speak of what sounded like a nearly deadly duel between two young men. At least the old bat was keeping up with her as she raced up the next set of stairs. Tonks was hardly inclined to wait up for the man.
“Mr. Potter used a curse he had found scrawled in the margins of an old text and he was unaware of the outcome, most unwise I’m afraid,” Dumbledore continued. “The curse caused large lacerations across Mr.Malfoy’s torso. Luckily Severus was nearby and had some knowledge of this peculiarly rare curse and was able to perform the counter immediately and rapidly brought Mr. Malfoy into the care of Madam Pomfrey. He needs to spend a few days in her care, perhaps. He has received blood replenishers and some pain potions. I imagined that you might like to see him”
Stopping short of the long wooden doors to the Hospital Wing, Tonks turned to face the Headmaster. Compassion filled his bright eyes. She sighed heavily.
“Yes, thank you Professor.”
As she crept into the wing, lit only by thin strains of moonlight eking their way in from the windows, Tonks felt her fortitude waver. Sometimes she felt as though this whole war, serious though it may be, was just absurd. Boys fighting over school yard grudges.
Draco lay asleep, the sole occupant of the ward. He looked a little grey and there were bandages wrapped around his bare torso. Tonks noted that a pristine bandage wrapped around his left forearm as well. A dim light flickered from Madam Pomfrey’s office towards the back of the room. Tonks quietly cast a silencing charm before pulling up a chair and sitting next to Draco.
She’d sat, feet tucked underneath her, long enough to find her limbs falling asleep when Draco woke.
“Tonks?” He croaked, sounding weary. It did not miss her attention that he glanced quickly towards his left arm and sighed a little on seeing it covered. 
“Drake,” she whispered, “Hey. How are you feeling?”
He chuckled darkly, “Been better. Madam Pomfrey assures me I will have some very sexy scars after this, though.”
“Glad you’re looking for the silver lining,” Tonks replied wryly as she helped him with a glass of water.
“How’d you know?” He asked when she drew away. 
Tonks shrugged. She certainly wasn’t going to tell the truth. “You get some connections when you spend all year patrolling the grounds.”
Draco seemed to accept that well enough. He stared up at the roof for a long moment before saying, “You know, Potter found me crying to Moaning Fucking Myrtle.”
Tonks hissed sympathetically.
“I almost wish he had killed me. The most humiliating moment of my life. I mean, I’ve ugly cried in your presence, I suppose. But Moaning Myrtle is the most obnoxious sycophant to have ever walked these hallowed halls.”
Snickering, Tonks replied, “I’ve cried to Myrtle too. Over some prat who definitively wasn’t worth it. In fact, I think you would be surprised if you knew how many people have sobbed to Myrt’s sadistic pleasure.” Draco managed a weak smile. “I figure you were crying for a much better reason than Connor Laine.”
Clearly becoming uncomfortable, Draco smoothly diverted the conversation, “How’s the mutt?”
“Alive. Thanks.”
Picking up on her curt tone, Draco asked, “still not come around then?”
It had been a week since Tonks and Mad Eye’s desperate rescue mission. She hadn’t spoken to anyone involved since. Molly was bound to send a howler her way if she didn’t reply to any of her owls soon. Tonks was just busy working on pushing it all down enough to keep functioning each day. 
“No. I… I saw some awful shit that night though, Draco. And now I do understand. Not that he even gave me a chance to explain.”
Draco bristled a little, pulling himself up and valiantly trying to hide his grimace of pain from Tonks. He stared her dead in the eyes and said, “His loss, the tosser.”  Draco followed the sentiment by describing Remus using the most disturbingly colourful string of expletives Tonks had ever heard. Which was truly saying something, considering she worked in a field largely filled with crass men’s men. It warmed her heart.
“Thanks,” She said in a small voice.
“Anytime,” Draco replied proudly. 
For the five nights that Draco spent in the Hospital Wing, Tonks came up to visit Draco after curfew- so as to maintain the secrecy of their relationship. After the first night Draco insisted he didn’t really need to be in the hospital wing, and so Tonks ought to help him get some use out of his forced quarantine by teaching him how to cast a patronus. It took him three nights before he could cast something that had any degree of corporeal form. While Draco deemed this to be an unacceptable length of time and marked it as a failure, Tonks was actually rather impressed. Considering that Draco had spent most of the last year in a rather desperate situation, he’d been able to make fair progress on a spell that not only needed a solid happy memory but a serious amount of inner fortitude.
When, on Draco’s last night on the ward and after binging on candies, a silvery fox finally sprang to life when Draco attempted the spell, the two of them burst out screaming and jumped around the room. Tonks thanked her lucky stars that her silencing charm held up to it all. She gave Draco a tight hug before heading back to the Hog’s Head that night. Tonks had a sense that opportunities to see her cousin again would be few and far between when school let out for the year. The war was undeniably progressing, in the way of most things, more and more quickly. It had the feeling of an impending avalanche; just enough moving parts about to line up in just the right way to cause a ruthless rush of events with the potential to wipe out everything in its path.
~~~
 
After a solid couple of weeks of recovery under the demanding ministrations of Molly Weasley, Remus decided the best course of action was a letter. He ruined several sheaves of parchment before settling on something that seemed at least partially acceptable.

Nymphadora,


I heard that Draco was seriously injured in a duel with Harry. I was horrified to hear it on many levels. I hope he is ok. I suspect I owe him a thank you, please pass it along on my behalf if you are so inclined.


I am so sorry I have hurt you. 


Remus

He had considered including something that acknowledged the amount of anguish he felt about the way they had parted, but determined in the end that wouldn’t be fair. Truly, he should have simply left her alone. He should have accepted her walking out that door as the end. It was, after all, what he had wanted. But he couldn’t leave it at that. She had to know he was sorry, at least
~~~









Chapter 16: Entaglement
    


Notes:
Just a short little one. It didn't fit well with the section following. It is the first from Draco's perspective! There will be just a handful of scenes from his perspective before the end of the story.

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
Draco let out a whoop of delight. Finally, finally, he had succeeded in fixing the damned cabinet.
Then, suddenly, he deflated. He glanced around the room, packed to the rafters with evidence of secrets and shame from throughout the ages of Hogwarts. Was any of it this terrible, he wondered. He bet Granger would have been able to rattle off a laundry list of all the more disturbing moments of the school’s history. Once Draco signalled to the other Death Eaters that the cabinet was open, though, the whole population of the school would be at risk. This was not about just killing the old, bumbling headmaster- if he was being true with himself, Draco wasn’t too keen on that, either- Death Eaters would put everyone, innocent kids, at risk. Draco thought of how indescribably horrified he felt after Bell was hurt. And Weasley, much as he disliked the prat. He thought of Tonks spending every evening for a week with him in the hospital wing, teaching him the patronus charm, and felt disgusting. He was no better than those petty con artists that filled up Diagon Alley over the last year, selling fake protection to people.
Heaving a sigh, he sat himself on a pile of illicit books. As much as he’d come to care for Tonks, as much as he wanted to take her up on her offers to help him, he couldn’t turn his back on his parents. Shortly after the Dark Lord’s return, before most people even believed it was true, Draco had overheard his parents arguing. He’d listened around a dim corner of their expansive home, feeling not at all badly about trying to figure out what the fuck was going on and how it would affect him. Narcissa had pleaded with Lucius to think of Draco, to keep Draco safe. Lucius had snapped at her, “That is exactly why I am doing this!”
While Draco had never had a comfortable relationship with his father- he had never been able to figure out quite how to relate to him beyond recognizing Lucius’s social and financial powers and leveraging it to suit his own needs, as any Slytherin worth their salt would- Draco knew now that his father actually did care. It was hard for Draco to not feel a little bitter about it all, given that his father had landed himself in jail and left Draco to be forced into this accursed suicide mission. But Lucius cared. And Draco cared too. He cared about Lucius. And more than anything, he cared about his mom.
His mother had always, without fail been there for him. When Draco had come home at the end of first year, bitterly disappointed that he was second in class to muggleborn Hermione Granger and that Harry Potter and his trollish friends had stolen the house cup at the last minute, his mom had built Draco back up. Believed in him. When Draco had realized Pansy Parkinson was not for him and was having trouble making it clear to her, Draco’s mom had owled him right back, in the middle of the night with advice and -what Draco thought was mostly a joke- an offer to send a howler Pansy’s way.  She had arrived at the Hogwarts hospital wing within a minute of learning of his injury earlier in the month. Narcissa had fought with her husband over his role in the Death Eaters for Draco’s sake. 
No, as much as Tonks might be one of the three people Draco genuinely cared about in his life, he could not choose her over his parents.
Maybe, though, he could do something to help her a little. In consideration of how much she’d helped him. He cast a disillusionment charm and headed back to his common room. He’d just send a little note out. He battled with himself as he headed into the dungeons, trying to determine how much he could tell her. In the end, he decided that he couldn’t share anything beyond a hint to pull together some extra people on patrol duty as soon as she could. Anything more and it would be obvious that someone had leaked information. Draco couldn’t risk that.
He hoped the note would be enough. That no one innocent would be hurt. That Tonks would survive the night. Selfishly, he hoped more than anything that she would forgive him.
~~~




Notes:

Sorry for the short chapter, but hope you all enjoy! In grad school atm, so the next chapter will be a little ways away likely. Second week of November is reading week and I'm hoping to take advantage and make it writing week, so a new chapter or two should show up around then!










Chapter 17: Juncture
    


Notes:
There is some speech in this chapter directly taken from the corresponding scene in HBP, all credit to JKR.

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
Tonks sent a patronus to Dumbledore immediately. On arrival at the castle she raced up the moving steps to Dumbledore’s office, trembling slightly. Remus, Bill, and a handful of Hogwarts faculty were already there. Albus briefed them and sent everyone on their way, to attend to their assigned circuits of hallway.
“Tonks…” Lupin voiced hesitantly on the steps down from Dumbledore’s office.
She gave him a tight smile, “Remus, it’s fine. We’ve more important things to worry about.”
He nodded nervously.
“Keep yourself safe, Rem.”
She turned and rushed off to her patrol area, pushing the interaction as deep away as she could in order to keep sharp this evening. 
Dumbledore had not shared with anyone else the warning that Draco had given her. He had stressed the likelihood of an attempt on the castle this evening and the need to protect the students. Everyone was certainly tense, but Tonks was caught in more of a foreboding sense of doom.
The fighting, when it began, was sudden. Shouts from the Weasleys’ echoing down the hall. Thundering footsteps approaching. She and Remus nearly ran into each other in their attempts to find the commotion. And then- curses, jinxes and counters began flying.
In the melee, a calm detachment settled in next to Tonks’s bones. She felt comfortable in a good fight. Her dad had always referred to the sensation as “flow”, muggle hippie that he was. She felt power coursing through her as she shot jinxes this way and that. She noticed Draco fly past, looking terrified. She shot a silent protection charm his way. It didn’t appear that he had noticed her in the mess. After he slipped out of view, she turned attention back to the fight. 
Things were beginning to look rather grim. The Death Eaters seemed prepared to fight to the death. While they were having bad luck in landing their curses, a killing curse very nearly hit its mark on Remus, skimming just past him to land on a Death Eater instead. Greyback had flown bodily at Bill and taken him down gruesomely before racing up the stairs to the tower along with a handful of others. Neville tried to pursue but was thrown back violently by an invisible force.
Tonks caught Lupin’s eye after he glanced desperately at Bill, both knowing they could not afford to stop to give aid. They were fighting alongside Ron, Ginny and Neville and needed to protect the young wizards before anything else. Snape raced by and she scarcely noticed.
She couldn’t have said how much time passed before Draco and Snape ran back down the stairs and past them again, shouting, drawing the attention of both friends and foes. This time though, she was certain Draco had noticed her and was taking care to avoid looking her way. The rest of the Death Eaters that had been on the tower followed suit, and shortly after- Harry. The surreal pause that had come with Draco and Snape’s return ended and fighting began again viciously, now with their opponents fighting to clear a course out of the castle. 
Tonk’s wasn’t sure what it was that Snape had commanded, but she was certain it did not bode well. Voldemort’s lackeys had come tonight with a purpose. And they hadn’t seemed prepared to leave until their mission had been fulfilled.
She pursued as long as she could, lungs burning. Lupin called her back as she hit the top of the stairs to the hall, watching capes flying out the door to the grounds. Flitwick and McGonagall were maintaining pursuit. Tonks turned and ran back up the many flights until she reached Neville, helping him to his feet. Ginny ducked under Neville’s other side for support. Lupin and Ron picked up Bill, Ron with tears streaking down his face. Together, they dragged themselves to the Hospital Wing. Poppy Pomfrey was ready, brisk and efficient, directing them to beds and summoning potions and tinctures.
The room was silent beyond Pomfrey’s occasional direction. At some point Hermione and Luna Lovegood joined them and Ginny slipped away.
When Harry entered some time later, everyone turned, alert as a herd of prey animals.
Ron and Lupin conjectured about Bill’s future, wanting guidance from Dumbledore. Ginny who had trailed back into the room behind Harry shared the news. Dead.
He was dead.
Harry’s face said it all.
Remus collapsed into himself. Tonks felt her skin go pale, when she had time to reflect on it later, she guessed her hair had gone grey too. She forced herself to ask the question everyone else was too frightened to ask.
“How did he die? How did it happen?”
As she listened to Harry describe what had happened she felt anger welling up in her. Snape. Snape… and Draco. She had trusted Snape because Dumbledore had trusted Snape. She had trusted Draco based on her gut. Her heart.
Minerva, Ron, Hermione all started taking blame. Tonk’s felt her stomach fold in on itself over and over. Really, it was her fault more than anyone’s.
When Harry traced Snape’s passage to the fighting that Tonks was involved in, she was pulled back to focus. Taking a shuddering breath, she averted her eyes from Remus and stepped in to explain what she had witnessed, conscious of using ‘The Malfoy boy’ to describe Draco. She wouldn’t have used his first name anyhow, but adding ‘boy’ at the end gave her a small sense of vindication, detachment from her cousin.  Small grace, in a twisted way, that Malfoy hadn’t killed Albus in the end. It had been Snape after all. If Snape hadn’t stepped in as Harry said, would Draco have done it? Tonks felt like retching.
Molly and Arthur raced into the room, followed by Fleur. The cold dread within Tonks sank in even deeper. She watched Fleur carefully. Bill was a good friend to her. When Fleur began to yell at Molly, Tonks shattered. It was all too much. As the tension between the women snapped, as they hugged and grieved together, she turned to Remus.
She felt as though the grief within her was made up of a thousand sharp edges, jangling loosely. No longer was anything holding her together. 
“You see!” she squeaked out. “She still wants to marry him, even though he’s been bitten! She doesn’t care!” 
Remus was wound tight, face nearly paralyzed as he responded. Tonks barely registered what he said to her. She grabbed on to his robes and shook him, desperately wanting him to feel as jangled as she did. Instead, he reiterated the same tired responses. Molly scolded him. Arthur gently challenged him. Minerva snapped at him about what Dumbledore would have wanted to see. And Hagrid walked in and interrupted.
Maybe it was reaching, but Tonks thought something shifted in Remus’s expression.
                                                                                                                ~~~                                      




Notes:

Thanks for the patience everyone! Christmas break is coming up, should hopefully be able to post more during that time.










Chapter 18: Reconciliation
    


Notes:
Minor edits made for consistency.




Chapter Text
She was down at Hagrid’s cottage, working some charms to preserve the foundation of their friend’s smouldering home. She’d fled the hospital wing shortly after confronting him. Fang whined as Remus approached.Tonks didn’t turn.Remus began to work alongside her, clearing away unsalvageable debris.“Dora,” he said after a while.She glanced sideways towards him.“You’re right.”She turned back to her work, brows raised slightly.“And Molly. And Arthur. And Minerva. And- and Sirius. And I am sorry.”She turned to face him full on, looking desperately hopeful. God, she was beautiful.“You almost died today,” she whispered. “Again.”“I know. And you might well have too. And I love you.” Remus stepped towards her, picking her hand up hesitantly. “Please marry me?” Remus had not put a lot of thought into that question prior to asking it. He certainly hadn’t anticipated any particular response. Tonks still managed to surprise him, however. She burst into tears, collapsed into his chest and told Remus to go to hell. Once she had calmed, she put her hands on his face and stared fiercely into his eyes. “This is it, Rem. If I say yes to you… this is it. Forever, you hear me?”“Yes,” Remus replied, forcing every ounce of sincerity he could into the syllable.They didn’t notice Hagrid shuffling awkwardly away as they embraced.~~~ Pale light filtered in past the drapes of the little room at the Hog’s Head. Tonks pulled away from Remus slightly to get a better look at his face. He was sound asleep, mouth ajar just slightly. His scarred face still had tear tracks from the night previous. He hadn’t cried since first learning about Dumbledore’s death; there just hadn’t been a moment to clean up since then. Tonks and Remus had saved what they could of Hagrid’s hut and stumbled back to the inn. They’d stripped most their dirty clothes off and crawled into bed to hold one another, falling asleep without a word spoken.The clacking of an owl seeking entry at the window disturbed the quiet. Tonks slid carefully out of bed, casting a glance at Remus’s battered watch on the side table. Half six. They’d slept not quite three hours. She cracked the window and accepted the letter from the no nonsense owl who immediately flew away. Giving it a quick read, she set it down on the table before slipping back into bed. Remus was beginning to stir.His eyes opened blearily as Tonks wrapped her arms around him. A sweet smile spread across his features, softening the effect of the dirt and tears that remained. He looked almost surprised to find himself in her bed.“What time is it?” He asked, voice raspy.“Early yet,” Tonks replied. “Just got an owl from Professor McGonagall. She says all’s well. Everyone’s just trying to catch a bit of sleep at the moment. Asked if we could make our way back up to the castle around eleven.” Remus hummed contentedly. “Good, we need a little more time.”Tonks started to suggest Remus sleep a little longer, he looked so dreadful, but he caught her lips against his own. The passion in his kiss made her dizzy. “I missed you,” he said, lips still resting against her own. She replied by rolling on top of him, nuzzling into his neck. Being together was different this time. Knowing that Remus was as committed as she had always been made the cliché of becoming one as they slept together feel undeniably true. They were slow and gentle, simply resting merged together. Afterwards, they had a long, hot shower together, helping clean away the despair of the prior night. Tonks twirled a lock of her hair in front of the mirror after wiping away the fog. Sky blue.~~~ When they were tucked back into bed again, shoulders pressed together, and legs tangled, Remus and Dora ate the light meal that had been left by a house elf while they were in the bathroom.“I should check and see if Aberforth knows,” Tonks said heavily. “And how he is.”Remus pressed a kiss to the top of her head, heart aching.“Rem,” she asked, turning wide eyes to him, “we’ll be ok, right?”He set aside the plate that had been balanced on his thighs and reached for her hand. Weaving their fingers tightly together Remus thought for a moment.“I hope so,” he replied, wishing he could give her more than that.She sighed lightly and nestled her head against his shoulder. She reached up to fiddle with the mood ring, hanging against his chest on its leather cord. “Let’s talk about our future,” she said softly.“I think we should get married right away,” Remus said with certainty. “I’ve messed around for long enough.” His wry tone made her chuckle. “An elopement, maybe?” she asked. “Though, I would like my parents there. I’ve always wanted to wear my mom’s dress.”“A semi- elopement then,” Remus grinned.“Sounds wonderful. Where to?”“There’s a spot I spent some time in with my parents back when I was young…” Remus drifted off wistfully, pulled back from nostalgia when Tonks kissed his cheek.“That would be lovely,” she said gently. “Almost like having them there. Where is it?” “Scotland.” Remus answered. Hesitancy invading, he added, “You really think your parents will be alright with this?”“I do,” Tonks replied, brows raised.Remus bent to give her a kiss, hoping it would cover up his remaining doubts.“There’s one other thing we should discuss. Before we…” His stomach twisted. He felt as though he were trying to tear down the walls he’d built up between them, yet all the while they were regenerating faster than ever.“Yes, love?” Dora asked, sitting up and turning to face him, holding both his hands in her own. Remus looked down at the comforter, focusing on its fraying corner. “I don’t want any children. I… I don’t know what effect my…” He couldn’t finish the sentence, throat thick.Dora scooted closer, placing a hand on his face. “You would want some, though, if you knew it would be safe? That they’d be alright?”Remus nodded, still unable to meet her eyes. “But we can never know for certain. It’s unheard of.”“Rem,” Dora replied practically, “now’s not the time for this conversation anyways. I want you regardless. I am going to marry you as soon as I possibly can. The middle of the war is no time for children. And if, sometime down the line we can do some research… if you wanted… we could figure all that out. If it’s not heritable, we could work it out. We could work around full moons.”“Nymphadora…” Remus finally met her eyes, feeling full of an awful mix of pain and regret and hope.She silenced him with a reassuring kiss.A little while later, Nymphadora wrapped tightly in his arms, Remus smiled against her hair.“Do you remember when you snapped at me for calling you Nymphadora?”He felt her lips twitch against his bare chest. “Awful name.”“Well, I was partially lying about why I like to use it.”She barked out a short laugh, “so you think it’s ugly after all? There’s no resisting the objective truth of it.” “No,” Remus dragged the syllable out. “I do think it’s beautiful. But also… I liked that you would let me get away with using it. I liked that any other man, any auror you work with would risk being maimed, but… you allowed me the privilege of calling you Nymphadora.”Chuckling softly, Dora pulled away to raise a brow at him. “Don’t get too arrogant there,” she warned.“Hmmm,” Remus trapped her under his arms, a predatory look in his eyes, “and here I thought you spent the last year trying to boost my ego.” Tonks scoffed and swatted at him, though she seemed happy enough as he began to trail kisses down her neck.                                         ~~~                                      









Chapter 19: Bonds
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
Their small group clustered in McGonagall’s office. It wouldn’t feel right to use Dumbledore’s, not just yet. Tonks let her eyes flicker between each of their grim faces before squeezing Remus’s arm gently and asking, “Shouldn’t Harry be here?”
Remus glanced down at her gratefully.
“He’s not ready,” Minerva replied, her brogue thicker than usual in response to her emotion.
“Aye, Tonks,” Hagrid nodded. “You didn’t see him out on the grounds, with- with…” He broke into tears.
“Alright,” Tonks conceded, feeling her heart turn to a trickle of sand, as if it would drain right out of her. All these broken young men as a result of the war. Remus, Sirius and James back then. Harry, Bill and Draco now. It was ridiculously unfair. 
They got down to business. First, planning for the safety of the students during the short period before they were to return home. Then the management of the Order of the Phoenix moving forward. Lastly, planning Dumbledore’s funeral. They each pushed back their emotions in exchange for efficiency. 
When they were done, Arthur invited them to St. Mungo’s to check in on Bill. Tonks, to whom Bill had long been a friend was eager to do so. Remus suggested that Arthur go ahead, indicating that he and Tonks needed to swing by the inn first. 
Tonks had checked on Aberforth before they’d headed up to the castle. Minerva had already been to see him, told him of the news. Tonks suspected the poor woman hadn’t had a wink of rest yet. Aberforth was taking the news just how Tonks had guessed he would- with a significant amount of rage directed at Albus. He’d then locked himself in his office. On returning to the inn, Tonks knocked but received no reply.
“Abe?” She called out, waiting a moment in the silence of the dark hall. Then she said, “I’m off to St. Mungo’s. Be home in a little while.”
With a heavy sigh she turned back to Remus and headed up to her room for a moment’s break before heading to see Bill.
As the door closed behind them, Remus wrapped her tightly in his arms. Tonks let out a sob, feeling heavy.
“Dora, dear,” Remus said gently. “How are you doing?”
It was clear to her that he meant with regards to Draco. Draco’s actions, more specifically.
“I wanted so badly to save him.” She collapsed under the weight of her tears. For several long minutes she was unable to breathe through the sobbing. Remus held her tightly.
Finally, she pulled away slightly, scrubbing her face with her arm.
“But he didn’t do it,” she said. “He didn’t kill him.”
“No, he didn’t.” Remus met her eyes steadily.
That was the thing about Remus. When he wasn’t trying to fight his own nature through a sense of martyrdom, he was steady. So steady. So reliable. God, she loved him.
“But now…” She couldn’t grasp the words.
“Now he’s with them.” 
She nodded, sensing Remus’s perfect understanding. Draco was with the Death Eaters. He was with them and he hadn’t killed Dumbledore as instructed. Sure, he’d let them into the castle. Sure, Dumbledore was dead. But was it enough to keep him safe? She didn’t know. More so, she was fairly certain he wouldn’t be able to do anything else that was requested of him by You-Know-Who. And with things turning the way they were… he wasn’t going to be able to extricate himself. She could only hope that he’d keep his head down.
~~~ 
Remus hated St. Mungo’s like no other place. He’d spent some weeks here on a special ward as a child, after his attack. He hated the smell. That the place was full of shining, clean bed frames and tools, yet grimy in the corners. He hated that it was either deathly quiet, or full of noisy bustle, never in between. He walked into Bill’s room quietly. Molly and Fleur had just left.
Bill, propped up in bed, thick paste covering the wounds to his face, gave a little wave. The curtains were drawn against the late afternoon and the room had a greenish light. Remus settled into a chair next to the bed, biting his lip anxiously.
“How are you?”
Bill shrugged nonchalantly. “Alright. Just a little scratch. Though…” he added with a wry tone, “they can’t just heal it right up with magic. It’ll take a few months to turn into a proper, closed up scar. Just as if I’d been a muggle in a knife fight.”
Remus chuckled darkly, “I’m sure if that were the case, Fleur would’ve dealt with you quite differently. What did they say about the effects of it?”
With a small smile Bill replied, “They don’t think it’ll lead to any major concerns. Maybe a little more irritability round the time of the moon. No historical evidence to suggest I might get violent or anything…” 
Remus felt a rush of understanding as the young man trailed off. “The first one,” he suggested, “perhaps we could tackle together. In separate, locked rooms, of course. But we have enough time to brew up some wolfsbane for me. I know Pomona’s managed to grow some aconite with me in mind. And then you could be somewhere safe until you know for sure.”
Bill nodded, eyes deep in thought. “Thank you, Remus. You’re a good man.”
Rubbing his neck uncomfortably, Remus looked away. 
“Fleur told me about Tonks,” Bill added quietly.
Remus looked back, unable to resist smiling. “We’re going to get married. Against my better judgement, I suppose. But… I’m so damned happy about it.”
Bill grinned a moment before it turned into more of a pained grimace as the wounds across his face stretched. “Forget your better judgement, Lupin. Tonks’s got enough good judgement for the two of you anyhow. I know… I know it’s not the same, the two of you as for me and Fleur. But you deserve to be happy.”
~~~ 
“’ello Nymphadora,” Fleur’s musical voice broke through Tonks’s reverie. She realized she’d not been paying attention to the coffee she’d  been pouring and had spilled all over the counter. With a sigh she cast a cleaning charm and shot Fleur a look of apology.
“How are you Fleur? How is Bill? I thought maybe it would be good for Remus to check in on him before I joined in… And to be honest, I just really needed some bloody coffee first. I- I’m so sorry.”
Laughing lightly Fleur wrapped her arms around Tonks and stayed there a few too many beats for their actual level of acquaintance. Tonks would never have imagined herself being able to relate with a woman like Fleur Delacour. But, Tonks supposed, there are some things in life you can’t share without ending up liking each other*; loving  men like Remus and Bill seemed to be one of those things. Anyways, Fleur had an inner fierceness that appealed to Tonks.
“I think you are very brave,” Fleur said through misty eyes. “You must be a Gryffindor  like Bill, non?” 
Tonks chuckled, “No, actually. Hufflepuff: Loyalty and patience.”
Fleur’s lips twisted in amusement, “Ah, I can see those traits as well. Has your man come to ‘ees senses?”
A blush coloured her cheeks as she grinned, “Yes, actually. He asked me to marry him”
“Ah! C’est parfait!” Fleur beamed. “It is through love that we can fight this war.”
Tonks, surprised by how powerfully the statement hit her, took a moment to glance around the hospital cafeteria. Crowded around dirty vinyl top tables were a diversity of people, all showing care for one another in little ways. An older man, rubbing a middle aged woman’s back; a small child kissing his father on the cheek; Arthur with his arm wrapped tightly around Molly as she clutched a plastic mug of tea. 
“They say,” Fleur voiced softly, “that Bill will be just fine. He should not expect any major responses to the moon change. But…”
“His life will never be the same.”
“Non… people, they will be afraid of him.”
“Probably,” Tonks admitted. “I imagine all he truly cares about is whether or not you will be.”
“Never,” Fleur looked appalled at the very concept.
“I know.” Tonks hooked her arm through Fleur’s, clumsily stooped to pick up the two coffee’s she’d poured and gave her new friend a rueful smile. “Let’s go see him.”
~~~




Notes:

* You might recognize these lines from Philosopher's Stone. They were originally written by J.K. Rowling, as Harry reflected on his and Ron's new friendship with Hermione post-troll defeat. The rest of the sentence in Philsopher's Stone is something along the lines of 'and knocking out a mountain troll is one of those things'.










Chapter 20: Support
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
“Mom?” Tonks asked, fingers drumming the table. They were sitting at the Tonks’s maple wood kitchen table, nestled in the alcove of a bay window, sunshine streaming in. It was her favourite place in her childhood home, always brought a sense of comfort. Not much could soothe her anxiety at the moment though.Tonks had, for some obscene and mildly sadistic reason, decided it would be better to have this conversation two separate times rather than just speak to her parents together. About the fact that she was engaged to be married… to a werewolf.She’d done her best to assure Remus that her parents would be accepting of him. But to be honest, she wasn’t sure. She wasn’t even sure which parent would be the easier one to speak with. Andromeda had been chosen first based solely on the fact that she had met Remus once or twice, back when he and Sirius were fresh out of Hogwarts. Her mom, though, Tonks worried, had a much better sense of the sort of ostracization that associating with a werewolf in the wizarding world would cause. She also had many more years of stigma around it. Ted, at least, being muggleborn would perhaps be less fearful. That said, he tended to over protective. Andromeda knew what it was like for your family to disapprove of your heart’s choices. Perhaps that would temper her reaction.The length of time she’d been silent since Tonks’s revelation was getting rather disheartening, however.Finally, Tonks braced herself to look up at her mother. Her brown curls were tied into a messy bun, chocolate eyes surrounded by fine lines, her lips were twisted downwards. All Tonks wanted was to bury herself in the woman’s arms and bawl.“Dora, my darling…” she reached to hold her daughter’s hand. “Is this why you’ve been so dispirited all these months?”“I couldn’t not love him, mom.” Tonks said earnestly. “He tried to protect me. But I don’t need protection. And mom… he is so good.”A soft smile lit Andromeda’s face. “I’m happy for you Dora. Don’t think I haven’t noticed that colour in your hair.”“So you’ll be there? For our wedding?”At this, Andromeda laughed and stood up, walking around the table to wrap Dora in her arms. “I know what it is like to have your family refuse to celebrate your love with you. And I love you far too much for anything to prevent me from being there for you. All I want is for you to be happy. I won’t lie and say this doesn’t scare me a little. But Dora, dear, every choice you’ve made since you’ve been able to walk has scared me a little. Sometimes a lot. It’s part of what makes your dad and I so proud of you.”Ted, when she told him later that day had adamantly reserved any reaction until he could meet Remus. Tonks felt this to be a positive thing, certain that Remus could win over her dad rather easily. Remus, when she’d told him, felt the opposite.~~~ Scowling at his reflection, Remus cast a charm to settle his hair into a style that might fit his suit better. The suit was shabby, faded black. Wracking his memory for a moment, Remus was able to come up with a charm to deepen the colour. Thankfully, he hadn’t been friends with someone as vain as James for so long without picking up any tricks.Finally, he cleared his throat and turned away from the mirror. There was nothing he could do about the scars that marred his face. Hopefully a friendly smile would make up for the reminders that he was a literal monster. “Remus,” Tonks chided softly, wrapping her arms around him. “I have an inkling of what might be going through that brilliant mind of yours and I insist you cut it out immediately.”With a curt nod he picked up a bottle of wine and followed his fiancée to the fireplace. “Bloody hell I hate the floo!” Tonks cursed, giving her head a rub to soothe the spot she’d banged violently against the mantle. Remus held her other elbow for balance, worriedly focused on her and glad for the excuse to delay meeting her parents. “I’m fine, love.” Tonks kissed his cheek and pulled away to shoot her mother an embarrassed smile.“Every time, Nymphadora,” Andromeda smiled.With a hearty chuckle, Tonks said, “Mom, you remember Remus.” Then she turned to her father, who was standing just behind his wife, looking reserved. “Dad, this is Remus Lupin. Be nice please.” “Lovely to see you after so long, Mrs. Tonks.” Remus held the bottle of wine out as though it were an amulet for protection. “Mr. Tonks, my pleasure to meet you.” As Andromeda took his wine, he shook hands with Ted. “Remus, please do not call me Mrs. Tonks.” Andromeda frowned. “If I hadn’t been so desperate to get away from the name Black I wouldn’t have taken such an awful one as Tonks.”Dora snorted, “Better than Nymphadora.”Remus bit the inside of his cheek, uncertain how to react.“Remus,” Ted said as they followed his wife into the kitchen and settled around the table, “I hear you taught at Hogwarts for a while.”“Defense Against the Dark Arts. I enjoyed teaching immensely.”“Did you now? Good for you. I was a prefect, you know. All the experience taught me was that I would rather farm doxies than teach children.”“I can say with complete sincerity that doxies are one of my worst fears.” Remus replied, a humorous glint in his eyes. “When I was young, my parent’s attic had an infestation of them. Anytime I crept up there hunting for long forgotten treasures the doxies would swarm and chase me out. Only took a couple of visits before I decided any long lost treasure was more likely to be found in the shed.” Ted laughed heartily. Dora reached out beneath the table and gave Remus’s thigh a squeeze.~~~Hands trembling, Draco cast a charm to check for interference. He knew who the parchment, small and plain, sealed with a drop of white wax, was from. It glowed a gentle yellow confirming that no one had opened it since it had been sealed. No curse had been sent along with it.He dropped the letter onto his desk and began to pace the room. It had become rather like a jail, his chamber at the manor. The high roof, framed with crown molding pressing downwards onto him. The deep green drapes constantly pulled close around the tall windows. Paradoxically, considering it was so much larger than his little corner of the Slytherin dorms, it felt terribly oppressive. Draco had not been sleeping much. The owl had been sent in the early hours of the morning, likely it was instructed not to deliver alongside any other morning mail. It was good, then, that he had been widely and listlessly awake when it had knocked urgently on the window, dropping its letter and then retreating into the night after he’d opened the pane. That awful night he’d made it home safely enough, accompanied by Snape. Then he had been punished to such a degree that he preferred to push it to the furthest reaches of his psyche. He’d blacked out the mirror in his bathroom rather than look into it. Someone, he assumed his mother, had changed him into his pajamas after the event and he’d not yet changed out of them. He was unsure whether it was fear of the pain that the movements dressing would elicit or fear of seeing his naked skin that kept him from changing. It had been four days, though, and he knew he could not stay in his room tomorrow. He needed to keep up appearances if he were to get by.With a deep breath, he walked back to the desk and slit the seal of the letter.
Meet where we first went walking. Same day and time as our first meeting. 
Closing his eyes in relief, Draco allowed himself a moment to memorize the messy script before setting fire to the letter. She hadn’t written him off entirely.~~~




Notes:

Sorry for such slow updates! I promise I will get through to the end at some point within the next few months. I have the epilogue completed... just not all the in between!Minor edits for consistency and grammar.










Chapter 21: Forgiveness
    


Notes:
Just a short little one (but sweet)...all I've got for now

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
Being in the park feels like walking into the happy ending of a fairy tale. There are lilac bushes heavy with sweet blooms and the grass is a vibrant green. The sun beat down on people doing various mugglish activities. A young couple lounged on a blanket with a small radio playing irritatingly repetitive music. Small kids kicked around a ball. An older man had some sort of cord going into both his ears and he swung his arms in an exaggerated manner as he paced quickly around the perimeter of the meadow.For a moment, Draco felt as if he ought to just disappear into muggle London. There was a sort of peace in the idea, as he looked at all the innocent and naïve people around him.There was no hiding though.A hesitant voice called from behind, “Hello.”He turned around, stomach twisting. He’d  thankfully remembered the day of the week he’d first met Tonks. And as the Dark Lord himself was out of the home that day, he’d been able to slip out for some lazy summer drinks with the boys.His cousin stood there, hair a vibrant pink (which somehow didn’t make her stand out from the muggles, rather it seemed to make her fit in). She lit up on recognizing him and ran the few paces between them to throw her arms around his neck.“Merlin, Drake,” she whispered, “Are you alright?”Shrugging awkwardly in her embrace he said, “I’m not dead yet.”Tonks jerked away and studied him intently. Draco cast his gaze downwards, not certain what she’d have to say. He was aware of how his face looked, even through the glamour he’d cast. And never mind that; it wasn’t as though her letter had said she’d forgiven him at all.“You look like something a hippogriff hacked up.” He nodded grimly, continuing to avoid eye contact. In his periphery, he could see Tonks open and close her mouth several times. It seemed that words were just beyond her. Finally, she gave up and let her hands drop from his shoulders and dangle at her sides.“Fuck Tonks,” Draco stumbled over his words, throat thick. “I’m so fucking sorry.”One of the little boys playing soccer began to bawl loudly. Tonks reached out and looped her arm through Draco’s, pulling him along to walk beside her, away from the chaos.“I know.”It took a few minutes for Draco to ask, “That’s it?”“Well, no. I mean, that was some pretty bad stuff, Draco.” His cousin took a shuddering breath, “Harry saw everything.”Draco hissed.“Would you have done it?”“No.” His response was firm and confident. Over the past week, Draco had wracked his brain for the answer to that question. What would have gone differently if Snape had not entered when he had? Draco hadn’t been able to say until this moment. Now, he was certain. He was not a killer.“How… how is the older Weasley brother?” Greyback had been bragging about his savagery.“He’s going to be alright. It will take some time to heal, and he might be a little… wolfish. But he won’t be a werewolf. He’s getting married soon. To Fleur Delacour; you know- Beauxbeatons champion in the TriWizard?”“Good for him.”“I- I am too.”For the first time since they’d greeted one another Draco looked into his cousin’s eyes. “You too what?”“I’m getting married. To Remus.” Excitement bubbled out of her as a nearly hysterical giggle. “We’re doing it in two weeks. Even have my parents blessing.”Draco puffed out a surprised breath as the first smile he’d had in weeks crawled across his face.“Tonks… that’s wonderful. Congratulations.” Weaving through the fairy tale park, everything felt alright for just awhile. As though reality were suspended for them.Draco asked every question he could think of to keep Tonks’s thoughts on her own happiness. After a while she turned the conversation back to Draco. He kept the details of his home life as minimal as possible, not wanting to distress her. Again, she plead for him to come to the Order, insisted that they could protect him and his family. Again, he declined. His father would not turn on the Dark Lord, if only as a matter of pride. And his mother would not turn on his father. So he would do his best and pray that the Order would succeed and that his family wouldn’t meet their end because of it.Tonks pulled out a piece of parchment and slipped it into Draco’s palm.“I’ve got a connected one,” she said. “So we can send each other messages. I know you’ll have to be careful about it, so we will try to keep it to urgent messages. And maybe… Friday night check ins?” Draco gave a slight, rueful smile, “Sounds perfect.”“Great,” Tonks beamed. “Password to connect it is ‘IM’ and to clear it is ‘power down’.”Draco stared at her, baffled.Chuckling, Tonks explained, “ ‘IM’ is muggle slang, stands for instant message. And ‘power down’ is turning a computer off, what you do when you aren’t using it. I figured you needed something that couldn’t be puzzled out if the paper is found. It’ll warm to the touch a little if you get a message, as will mine, so keep it near.” Draco nodded gravely.“Keep yourself safe, love.” Tonks reached up to kiss him on the cheek.“You too… and congrats, again. I’m glad to see you happy.”Draco turned and walked away, feeling somewhat more hopeful, though he remained uncertain what a computer was. ~~~




Notes:

I must again offer my apologies to subscribers. I have been so busy with school and work that I can't get the creative juices flowing even when I have a bit of time to try and write. I will stop making false promises about more frequent updates. That said, once June hits I should be able to post more and hope to finish the story before fall rolls around. I do have an epilogue that's been around since the beginning of this thing, so I promise I will get there eventually!










Chapter 22: Vows
    


Notes:
Additional text at the end to improve consistency and minor edits made to correct typos.

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
The fiddler in the main room began a jaunty tune. Tonks stood in pub’s entryway, bathed in a soft rainbow from the dim light that pierced the clouds and made its way through the stained glass in the door. She gave her dad a nod and briskly hooked her arm through his. A teenaged bar maid, full of mirth, pulled open the door to the next room and stood out of the way.Tonks met Remus’s eyes over the crowded space. The owners of the pub had pulled tables out of the way to create a little aisle and  lined it with candles. They’d meant to have their ceremony outside, but it was storming violently. A drunk old man in the corner gasped and remarked on her beauty. Remus’s eyes crinkled and he nodded slightly, expressing agreement to Tonks in his quiet manner.She was wearing her mother's dress. It hit mid-thigh, with a high neck and long lace sleeves. She’d morphed her hair length to her mid-back, the pink bright against her white dress. A pair of pearl studs, a tearfully given gift from Andromeda, was the only jewelry she wore.Ted shook Remus’s hand and gave Dora a kiss on the cheek before backing up to stand with his wife. The officiant, an elderly muggle woman with a distinctly witchy style began to speak. Tonks didn’t really listen to her as Remus picked up her hands and squeezed them gently. She lost herself in his steady gaze.When the officiant finished her opening remarks, Remus rolled his lips in briefly, a moment of  nervousness, before beginning to speak.“Dora, through your steadfast loving of me you have set me free. You have led me to believe in a great many things I had lost faith in. I belong with you. I have not felt as though I deserved to belong in so many years. You are strong, compassionate, brave, witty, brilliant… For this and many other reasons I will always respect and love you. I promise that, through highs and lows, we will be together.”Tonks didn’t miss the emphasis that Remus had put on “lows”- alongside the promise was an apology. She stood on tiptoes and pressed a kiss to his lips as her eyes misted.“Dear, I don’t think you’re supposed to do that yet,” he whispered.The officiant flapped her hands at them, “This is all for love, do as you wish!”As Tonks dropped back down Remus bent to give her a second kiss.“Remus,” she whispered earnestly, heart aching, “You are so good. You share your goodness so honestly with everyone you meet. I admire you. I am grateful to know you, to be with you. Whatever comes in times ahead, I look forward to meeting it with you. I love you.”The officiant led them through the official statements they each had to make, ending with the traditional “I do”, slipping simple gold bands onto each other’s hands, and the official kiss. Remus dipped her backwards to the delight of the pub’s patrons.They had a pint with her parents, clinking glasses with every stranger that came to wish them well, and a few lively dances to the fiddle. Tonks bit her lip, looking up at her husband, “You clean up nice.” He rolled his eyes, but she could tell he was pleased. His suit was quite handsome, but it was more than that. Remus looked comfortable, confident, in a way that Tonks had rarely seen.When they tired of dancing, they raced through the fading storm towards a cliff overlooking the ocean, Ted following them with his camera. After a few shots posed as per Ted’s instructions, they danced and splashed in the rain. Tonks wrapped her arms around Remus’s neck and remarked that she’d never seen him so carefree. With a glint in his eyes he replied, “You make me happy.” ~~~ Draco was covered in goosebumps. The last time he’d been in this room was for Christmas. A large, lavishly decorated tree had spread sparkling light through the room. Now it was cold, dark and oppressively silent, even though it was full of people. The plush furniture was haphazardly shoved out of the way and the group of Death Eaters sat around a long, dark dining table.He tried not to look up. He really did. But then he’d catch the reflection on the top of the table, which somehow was even more horrific then looking up at the Professor herself, hanging there. Of course, Draco didn’t really know Professor Burbage. Taking a muggle studies class was unthinkable. But she did smile at him in the halls sometimes. As if she knew that behind his surliness and arrogance, Draco was kind of curious.On the entrance of Snape and Yaxley, Draco remembered he ought to be putting more focus into his occlumency. It was a tricky balance, maintaining a barrier without it being obvious that he was doing so.When the Dark Lord asked for his father’s wand Draco pressed his lips together and continued to stare at the wall just above Dolohov’s shoulder. Of course, his father- who claimed this was the best path, the path that would allow them to live prosperously, that would keep them safe from a changing world- would be losing his wand in this fool’s plight. To give up your wand is to give up yourself.And then Bellatrix was grovelling in a way that raised bile up the back of Draco’s throat. And he dropped a jest with sharp edges. A happy event  within the family.Draco clenched his jaw and strove to maintain his occlumency. He’d meant to appear indifferent as the Dark Lord enlightened Bellatrix and the rest of the table to the marriage of Tonks and Lupin. He must not have seemed impassive enough, though, as Voldemort turned to Draco, “What say you, Draco? Will you babysit the cubs?”Glancing to his father, hoping for some sort of guidance, Draco found himself disappointed. Lucius’s head was tilted down towards his lap in defeat. His mother met his eyes briefly and gave a minute shake of her head. Draco returned to staring at the wall opposite. Relief trickled through him as the Dark Lord moved his attention back to Bellatrix. But he proceeded to goad her about Tonks. He egged her to trim the family tree. It was all Draco could do to keep thoughts of his vibrant, caring cousin and the charmed parchment hidden behind the piece of baseboard he’d plied off behind his bed out of his mind. Blank like the wall, he thought, I need to be blank like the wall. I am blank like the wall. When the Dark Lord awoke Professor Burbage, Draco found he no longer needed distraction. His thoughts were fully on the present, as Voldemort intended, watching the woman slowly rotate in the air, tears leaking pathetically as she begged Snape for help. Again, Voldemort turned his attention to Draco, asking if he knew the woman hanging above him. Draco shook his head tersely. Not quite a lie. The abruptness with which he killed her was what really shocked Draco. The Dark Lord had trailed off in the middle of a rant, leaving a moment of silence before spitting the curse like acid. Her body hit the table in front of Draco so hard he jumped backwards and fell out of his chair. He would have felt humiliated if he weren’t so fiercely angry. Voldemort called his snake to dispose of the body and Draco pushed himself back up to standing as the Dark Lord strode from the scene.Narcissa squeezed Draco’s hand briefly as they trailed after the others out of the room. He didn’t acknowledge her touch.Draco made a vow to himself, as he glanced back at Professor Burbage, around whose corpse Nagini was beginning to wind. Draco would do whatever he could to keep Tonks safely away from Voldemort.Wrought with conflict, an hour later Draco put his pen to the parchment Tonks had given him. He had decided it was too risky for his family to alert Tonks of the intel Snape had brought to that table that night. Despite the alternate information that Yaxley had, Snape seemed quite certain about the date of Harry’s move. And if the Order of the Phoenix members were prepared for the Death Eaters attack, it would be obvious that someone from the Dark Lord’s inner circle had informed them. The way that the Dark Lord had poked at Draco about Tonks earlier led him to feel forebodingly certain that he would be the first suspect. So instead, he warned her about Bellatrix. About Bellatrix’s psychotic fervour and the fact that Tonks was in her sights. Tonks replied shortly afterwards, with a simple Thanks.~~~




Notes:

Thank you for your patience xx










Chapter 23: Prayers
    


Notes:
Disclaimer: A significant portion of the dialogue in this chapter is taken right from Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows. I have not marked this dialogue specifically as it would be too disruptive to this narrative, however this chapter is Remus’s perspective of the retrieval of Harry from the Dursleys and the chapters The Seven Potters and Fallen Warrior. All recognizable dialogue, and of course the general plot is credited to J.K. Rowling.




Chapter Text
Remus was tense. He released his disillusionment charm and the others began to appear around him. As Harry came racing out into the yard to greet them, Dora reached for his hand and gave it a squeeze. This plan was as good as it could get, but success was far from certain. It was especially concerning how jumpy Mundungus was. His nervous demeanor reminded Remus of Peter. On entering the Dursley’s sterile kitchen, his wife promptly hopped up on top of the washing machine. Harry was bubbling with delight as he surveyed the crowd that had come to whisk him away. His resemblance to James was remarkable.“Harry, guess what?” Tonks asked eagerly, sticking her left hand out for him to survey.“You got married?” Harry cried, whirling to look at Remus.“I’m sorry you couldn’t be there, Harry, it was very quiet,” Remus replied, sincerely wishing that Harry could have joined.Harry enthusiastically expressed his approval. Remus gave him a relieved smile. Mad-Eye sharply drew everyone’s attention back to departure preparations. Turning to Dora, Remus smirked. She dramatically rolled her eyes in reply.While Moody brusquely reviewed the plan, Remus watched Harry quietly. He felt no need to argue against Harry’s concerns with the plan of having six others drink Polyjuice and flee to the Burrow as replica Harrys. Remus knew how it was to have others risk themselves for your safety. Finally, Harry agreed.On slipping out the door back into the yard, Dora pressed a quick kiss to his cheek. “Be safe,” she whispered. He met her eyes intently, silently expressing the same wish. Then he mounted his broom and waved for George to hop on behind him. The ashamed look Ron Weasley, now a spitting image of Harry, shot him as he climbed onto the broom behind Tonks was not missed by Remus. He suppressed a chuckle, readying to kick off on Moody’s count down.It was a beautiful night, clear and with just a little chill. He’d studied the route every day for the last couple of weeks and felt confident in that, at least. Unfortunately, he was also confident that there would be at least a couple of Death Eaters monitoring the area and everyone’s survival depended on their ability to flee quickly, before the Death Eaters could bring in reinforcements.Very suddenly, they were surrounded. George swore loudly as Remus veered South towards their destination. George shot a series of creative jinxes and curses behind them, Remus too focused on navigating the chaos to lift his wand. He concentrated on nothing more than whipping between the Death Eaters that were attempting to corner them in the open sky- approaching from two sides, as well as above and below. A beam of sickly green light whipped just past his shoulder, and for an awful moment he was certain that George’s hold on the broom would loosen and he would tumble downwards. George yelled a stunning spell before hissing, “fuck yes!” when it successfully felled one of their pursuers.Remus risked a glance over his shoulder, they’d left all the rest of their group behind but continued to be pursued by three Death Eaters. He could see flashes of spell work in the distance, but could not make out any of the dark figures.With a well-aimed  Petrificus Totalus George took out a second Death Eater. Remus urged the broom forward and they left the rows of houses behind. Briefly, he worried about the muggles that were living below the air-born battle. With any luck the Death Eaters would be too injured to take their anger out on Harry’s neighbours. They were now flying over kilometers of dark, uninhabited land, at least.“Dive!” George shouted. Remus sharply dipped the broom as George aimed upwards and managed to hit one of their remaining pursuers with a Bat Boogey Hex. The man ripped his mask off, batting at his face, before slipping off his broom and spiralling downwards.Remus pulled up from the dive as they neared the top of a stretch of forest, skimming the top of the trees. The last Death Eater was close behind.George swore, “It’s Snape!”Remus glanced back, heart sinking. The man who’d been brewing Wolfsbane for him. The man he’d spent so much time defending throughout the years. The man who had killed Dumbledore. He jerked the broom down into a brief clearing in the forest, and began snaking between their trunks, hoping to lose Snape. James would have applauded his flying.A strangled cry came from George, who collapsed forward onto Remus’s back.“George?” He asked tersely.“He- he sliced at the side of my head,” George managed to reply through gritted teeth.Gripping the broom tightly between his knees, Remus conjured a rope to wrap around them and hold George against his torso. The young man was gasping deeply, and Remus could feel George’s blood drip warmly onto his shoulder. Then, he ascended steeply back out into the open sky. Snape was still in pursuit, his hooded cloak billowing behind him. Remus, filled with a cold, surreal anger attempted to shoot a killing curse at the Death Eater. He missed and Snape slowed, allowing the other men to distance themselves as he watched silently. Then Snape turned and flew away.Remus clenched his jaw and briefly closed his eyes for a moment, struggling to pull the route into his mind and reorient himself. Thankfully, he hadn’t ended up too far off course and was able to redirect the broom South-East, towards the house of Hestia Jones.There would be no one there to greet them, Remus knew, and he prayed to gods he didn’t believe in that George would be able to make it back to the Burrow via portkey.“George?”“’M o’kay,” he mumbled behind Remus.After far too many long, cold minutes, Remus found Hestia’s bungalow and landed unsteadily in the yard. He released the ropes holding George to his back and bent to wrap an arm under the man’s shoulder, supporting him through the door and into the dark living space. Remus awkwardly pulled out a pocket watch to check the time. They had about 90 seconds.A rolled-up paper laid in the centre of the coffee table. Remus reached for it, trying his best not to jostle George as he did so. He wrapped it tightly in his right hand, and stuck it up into the loosely curled hand that George had hanging around Remus’s shoulder. Remus scanned George’s face as he waited for the portkey to activate. He was drenched in blood. The small section on the right side of his face which was not painted in blood was ghostly pale. His eyes were flickering shut.“Just a moment, George. Just a moment and we will be back home. I need you to stay awake.” George weakly bobbed his head in acknowledgement as the portkey began to glow and Remus tightened his grip on the young man.They collapsed to the ground in front of the Burrow. Harry- at least Remus assumed it must be Harry, as the Polyjuice had worn off George entirely by now- ran up and grabbed George’s legs, helping Remus silently. They rushed into the warmly lit living room and placed George gently on a chesterfield. Molly cried out, bending over George. Remus was confident she would be able to maintain a clear head and deal with the wound.He grabbed Harry by the upper arm and yanked him back into the kitchen. His heart had not stopped its violent hammering in the last hour. Ignoring Hagrid’s protests, he spat out his agitated question, “What creature sat in the corner, the first time that Harry Potter visited my office at Hogwarts? Answer me!” A brief panic overtook him as Harry paused- perhaps, indeed this was not Harry.When Harry answered correctly- a Grindylow- Remus collapsed against the cabinets behind him, closing his eyes. Forcing himself to take a long, deep breath, he apologized to Harry and explained his concerns. Though he’d had barely been able to analyze the situation as he and George fought for their lives, it had been clear that someone had given up the plan to the Death Eaters. Harry insisted it couldn’t have been the case, as the Death Eater’s hadn’t known which Harry was Harry until the end of their pursuit. When Harry explained how they had figured him out, Remus felt his blood run cold. The boy had shied away from reciprocating the attack of one of the enemies.“Harry, the time for Disarming is past! These people are trying to capture and kill you! At least Stun if you aren’t prepared to kill!”Bristling, Harry argued with him. Remus struggled to remain patient, explaining the danger of having such mercy, of having a distinct tactic like Expelliarmus.“I won’t blast people out of my way just because they’re there,” Harry retorted. “That’s Voldemort’s job.” Remus opened his mouth, ready to shout back, as Hagrid lowered himself to a chair which promptly shattered. Harry glanced at him briefly before turning back to Remus and asking quietly, “Will George be ok?”Softening, Remus said, “I think so, although there’s no chance of replacing his ear, not when it’s been cursed off-”Noises from out the back door signaled the arrival of someone else, only now did Remus realize that several people were meant to arrive back before he and George had- yet there was only Harry and Hagrid. He raced for the yard- Hermione and Kingsley had arrived.Kingsley was quick to point his wand at him, “The last words Albus Dumbledore spoke to the pair of us?”“ ‘Harry is the best hope we have. Trust him,’” he replied, though he felt uncomfortable voicing it in front of Harry. He couldn’t help but feel the expectation was a ridiculous one to put on the teenager. A boy who a moment ago had asked him fearfully about the life of his friend.Kingsley turned to Harry and Remus was quick to reassure him.“All right, all right! But somebody betrayed us! They knew, they knew it was tonight!” Kingsley growled.“So it would seem,” Remus agreed, “but apparently they did not realise that there would be seven Harrys.”“Small comfort! Who else is back?”Remus looked to the ground as he replied, “Only Harry, Hagrid, George and me.”He heard Hermione whimper behind him, and wished he could be weak enough to join her. Dora and Ron should have been back before them. As well as Arthur and Fred.He and Kingsley began to update one another on their separate interactions with the Death Eaters. On learning that Snape had been the one to curse George, Harry  shouted, “Snape? You didn’t say-”“He lost his hood during the chase,” Remus explained bitterly. “Sectumspempra was always a specialty of Snape’s. I wish I could say I’d paid him back in kind, but it was all I could do to keep George on the broom after he was injured, he was losing so much blood.”On recognizing the fury in Remus’s tone, Harry seemed to deflate and a tense silence enveloped the group. Harry ran back into the Burrow to help with George, while Remus stayed to stand silently alongside Hermione and Kingsley. Before long, Arthur and Fred crashed into the yard. Arthur took one look at Remus, whose neck and shoulder were covered with George’s blood and went pale.“George?”“He’s ok,” Remus replied.Arthur headed quickly for the kitchen door, from which yellow light poured into the shadowed yard.“Arthur! Wait- I need to verify your identity!” Kingsley commanded, trying to step in front of him.“I’ll prove who I am, Kingsley, after I’ve seen my son, now back off if you know what’s good for you!” Arthur raised his wand.Remus placed his hand on Kingsley’s forearm, gently pulling him out of the way. Kingsley began to prowl the yard like a caged wildcat. Lupin returned to the edge of the yard and stood still, looking up towards the sky. Hermione came to stand next to him, her shoulder just brushing his. They waited in solidarity for Tonks and Ron.A broom came in quickly.“It’s them!” Hermione cried.Tonks stumbled off the broom and right into his chest, “Remus!”He wrapped his arms tightly around her. After a moment, she pulled away to praise how Ron managed the fighting. When Ginny left to let her parents know about the new arrivals, Remus looked down to Dora.“So what kept you? What happened?” He couldn’t help the fear and anger that were clear in his tone.“Bellatrix,” Tonks replied, wrapping her hands around his biceps and staring up at him steadily, reassuringly. “She wants me quite as much as Harry, Remus, she tried very hard to kill me. I just wish I’d got her, I owe Bellatrix. But we definitely injured Rodolphus… then we got to Ron’s Auntie Muriel’s and we’d missed our portkey and she was fussing over us-”Remus knew she was pleading for his understanding, and gave her a strained nod. His wife turned to Harry and asked for updates. She wound her fingers through his and glanced up at him nervously when everyone wrapped up their tales of escape. They were still missing Mad-Eye, Mundungus, Bill and Fleur. Finally, Kingsley announced that he had to depart, and Remus reassured him that he would send updates. Arthur and Molly joined them in the yard.“Thank you,” Molly said, “for our sons.”“Don’t be silly, Molly,” Tonks waved a hand.Remus suddenly felt selfish, never having gone back to check on George. “How’s George?” he asked. They were interrupted as a Thestral landed, carrying Bill and Fleur.Bill accepted his mother’s hug mechanically, meeting his father’s eyes over her shoulder and saying bluntly, “Mad-Eye’s dead.”Dora’s fingers, still in Remus’s hand loosened until her hand slipped from his. Everyone stood quietly, numbly. Of everyone… Mad-Eye?Bill explained what had happened, reaching a point where his voice cracked and he fell silent, face pained.“Of course you couldn’t have done anything,” Remus spoke up.After a moment Arthur placed his hand on Molly’s back and guided her back into the house. Everyone followed in silence. Dora had begun weeping quietly. Remus wrapped his arm around her shoulders, running his hand gently up and down her arm. He pulled out a handkerchief and handed it to her. She settled on the rug in front of the fireplace. Remus stood above her, leaning against the mantle. Across the room Bill served whiskeys and levitated them over to each solemn member of the group. They toasted, sitting in silence for a moment.Eventually Remus had to ask, “So Mundungus disappeared?” Tension spread through the room. Bill acknowledged Remus’s fears, but reminded him that Mundungus was the one to come up with the Polyjuice plan, so surely it couldn’t have been him that betrayed him. Dung was simply a coward.“You-Know-Who acted exactly as Mad-Eye expected him to,” Tonks said through her tears. “Mad-eye said he’d expect the real Harry to be with the toughest, most skilled aurors. He chased Mad-Eye first, and when Mundungus gave them away he switched to Kingsley…”Fleur, with an air of righteous anger insisted that someone leaked the date.“No.” Harry’s voice rang clearly through the room. “I mean… if somebody  made a mistake and let something slip, I know they didn’t mean to do it. It’s not their fault. We’ve got to trust each other. I trust all of you, I don’t think anyone in this room would ever sell me to Voldemort."Remus studied Harry.“Well said, Harry,” Fred commended. George quickly added, “Yeah, ‘ear, ‘ear,”.Tonks snorted lightly.Harry noticed the expression Remus held and glared back at him.  “You think I’m a fool?” “No, I think you’re like James, who would have regarded it as the height of dishonour to mistrust his friends.”He saw the recognition in Harry’s face. Harry knew he was thinking of Peter and his betrayal of James and Lily. Harry glowered, clearly ready for another fight. Remus turned purposefully to Bill.“There’s work to do. I can ask Kingsley whether-”“No. I’ll do it, I’ll come.”“Where are you going?” Dora and Fleur asked fearfully, in tandem.“Mad-Eye’s body,” Lupin said softly, meeting his wife’s eyes. “We have to recover it.”“Can’t it-” Molly began.“Wait?” Bill interrupted, “Not unless you’d rather the Death Eaters took it?" Dora  looked for a moment as though she were going to insist on joining them, before her eyes fell to her lap and she gasped a quiet sob back. She stood and walked Remus out, following a little way behind Bill and Fleur. On the back steps, she turned and wrapped her arms around Remus’s neck sinking into him as she cried for a moment. When she pulled back, she allowed him to wipe away her tears. “Be safe,” she whispered. “I promise.” He said solemnly. “You’ll stay here with Molly?”She nodded, pressing a kiss to his lips before moving to stand with Fleur and watch as Remus and Bill mounted broomsticks and took off into the night.~~~









Chapter 24: Contradiction
    


Notes:
Just a short little one. If you read Ch 22 right after it was published, the very end of that chapter now has some additional content that  is referenced in this chapter.




Chapter Text
“I’ve got to go too.”Harry’s words felt like extra weight dropped down onto Tonks’s shoulders. It wasn’t exactly a surprise that he felt this way. That he didn’t want to continue to endanger them with his presence.Molly immediately began to argue with him, quickly joined by Arthur and Hagrid. Feeling increasingly agitated, Tonks jumped in, “Mad-Eye wouldn’t want-" “I KNOW!” Harry shouted, eyeing his friends resentfully.Uncomfortable silence flooded the room until Molly unsuccessfully attempted to change the subject to settling Harry’s owl in as if it would secure his place in her home. “Wait ‘til it gets out yeh did it again, Harry,” Hagrid said hopefully.Harry argued for another few minutes, clearly wishing he could be free from the attention. After he fled to the yard, Tonks moved to the kitchen to start preparing some tea. She slouched into a chair, eyes glazed over. She knew this feeling wouldn’t last forever. But right now, she felt as though she were surrounded by a deep, oppressive fog like that inflicted by dementors. Cold and damp and infinite. Right in the middle of Molly Weasley’s cozy kitchen.Molly sat down next to Tonks and placed her hand over that of the younger woman. “Molly, I’m just so sick of this all,” Tonks whispered, “but it’s only really just the beginning.” Heaving a sigh Molly replied, “I know.”Tonks rebelled against her fear. She feared losing another loved one. She feared for Remus, Draco, Harry, the Weasleys. What she hated the most was that she feared for her own life. Despite Draco’s warning, the intensity of Bellatrix’s hate had taken her aback. As a child, Andromeda had told Tonks that she had aunts who were not safe to speak with, had warned her that if she were approached by someone who looked like her mum they were not to be trusted. Overall, though, Andromeda and Ted had striven to protect Dora from knowing how much hate was directed at them, even as they hid during the first war. She suspected that in his warning, Draco had minimized it as well. The ferocious insanity with which Bellatrix had pursued her was beyond anything Tonks had encountered before.The piercing whistle of the kettle cut through the gloom and Tonks pulled her hand from Molly’s, standing to prepare a large tea pot. Together, the two women prepared trays of biscuits and crowded tea cups, and headed back to the sitting room.~~~Draco’s hands trembled. He fought the urge to race to the bathroom and throw up. At any moment, he could be called down from his room to serve the Dark Lord. He needed to keep his head.But the screaming… It was the worst thing Draco had ever heard. Worse than Professor Burbage’s begging. Worse than the surreally calm way Dumbledore had said Snape’s name in the moment before his murder. It was remarkable that a man as elderly as the one in the cellar of the manor had the lung capacity to scream in such an unending way. Draco remembered buying his wand from Ollivander. He’d felt as though he could levitate with joy and pride. At first, he’d turned his nose up at the dusty establishment but Narcissa had reassured him that Ollivander was the best. It took nearly forty minutes to find the right fit. Draco’s pride had very quickly turned to shame. Nine wands in and he had managed to set fire to a dried bouquet of flowers by the till, sent the curtains to flying open and shut, and knocked several boxes off the shelves.“Hawthorne and unicorn,” Ollivander said, eyes lit with curiosity.Draco had given the proffered wand an anxious wave. A swirl of glittering light trailed off the tip of the wand.Ollivander clapped his hands shut in delight and clasped them against his chest. “Wonderful! An interesting combination. A little temperamental, moody, perhaps. But it will serve you well.”A smug smile had spread over Draco’s face. He spent that evening performing minor spells under his father’s supervision.Now, Draco rolled his wand between his fingers. Unicorn hair- a magical core that resists dark magic. And hawthorne, known for its contradictory nature. It seemed the height of irony that such a wand had chosen him, and he had ended up in the position he was in.  The screaming had subsided. Draco crept to his door, tilting his ear to catch any conversation from down the stairs.“I wasn’t able to get that bitch,” Bellatrix’s voice was full of vitriol.“Well you ought to try harder, Bellatrix. We must not have such shameful connections to our family.”With a scoff Bellatrix spat back, “It was just luck, Lucius. I will get her. And don’t speak to me of family obligations. You and baby Draco have failed us enough times. Your wand failed tonight, by the way. It was destroyed.”~~~









Chapter 25: Revelation
    




Chapter Text
Tonks waited on the back steps of the Burrow, knocking her knees together. The air smelled of summer blooms and fresh cut grass. If she weren’t so fretful, Tonks would have been thoroughly content in the sunshine. When Molly apparated just outside the yard, arms full of wedding décor, Tonks hopped up to help.
“Molly, thank Merlin,” She said earnestly as she raced over, opening the gate for Molly. She grabbed several rolls of shimmering cloth from Molly’s overloaded arms.
“Tonks, dear,” Molly gave her an amused look, “To what do I owe the pleasure?”
“You’re the only one here, right Molly?” she asked as Molly unlocked the door and waved Tonks into the kitchen.
“Yes, dear. Arthur’s at work and the kids are all out in the orchard playing some quidditch. They certainly didn’t hide their looks of relief when I left on errands and didn’t assign them all chores.” 
Tonks gave a fleeting smile in response. She ungracefully dropped the cloth onto the kitchen table.
“I-” Tonks stopped abruptly, taking a deep breath before continuing, “At what point after a missed moon cycle do you think a woman ought to…”
“Do a gestation charm?”
Tonks nodded at her feet. She’d found herself cursing at her toilet earlier that day as she was now a full ten days late.
“It’s probably just the stress, right? Stress does that. It confuses your cycle?”
Molly smiled gently as Tonks rattled on desperately. “It can, yes. Have you had any symptoms of pregnancy?”
Well, Tonks had thrown up yesterday after Remus had cooked himself a very rare steak. But she couldn’t be pregnant. The wizarding world was about to break out into a full war. And Remus was so frightened of the idea. And she’d been taking her potion. It just couldn’t be.
But a small part of her wanted it to be. Thinking of it warmed her core. It felt hopeful. And she loved Remus. She wanted a family with him. Despite his doubts, he would be a phenomenal parent. 
Conscious of the thoughtful look on the younger woman’s face, Molly asked, “Let’s do one just in case, shall we?”
Tonks gave her a tense nod. Murmuring an incantation, Molly traced her wand in a circle around Tonks’s abdomen. A warm golden glow rose to shimmer in the air between them. 
Molly looked up and met Tonks’s eyes. She nodded with a soft smile.
“Oh,” Tonks gasped. She broke out into a smile then burst into tears.
~~~
Closing the door softly, Remus shuffled into their room at the Hog’s Head. Dora had long ago given up her small London flat. Aberforth had upgraded them to a slightly larger room at the inn, with a small kitchenette. Remus and Dora couldn’t afford any more at the moment, and even if they could have, they didn’t have much extra time to go searching for anything else.
Dora was sitting on the bed with her legs curled beneath her, writing in a notebook. “Hullo love,” she greeted brightly.
He gave her a wan smile, “How was your day, Dora?”
His wife sat up straighter and eyed him cautiously, “What’s wrong?”
Frustrated, Remus shook his head, “Just met with Arthur. He warned me that increased restrictions on the movements of werewolves are in the works. I’ll need to be cautious. We might have to find another place to stay… Dora, I’m sorry.”
Tonks reached a hand out and pulled him down to the bed. He sat with his back to her. She crawled over and wrapped her arms around him, resting her chin on his shoulder. Arthur’s news would have been upsetting regardless, but it didn’t help that Remus was still recovering from the full moon two nights ago.
“Nothing for you to be sorry for, Rem. It’s alright. My parents’ll have us if we can’t find another option right away.”
He sighed heavily, “Alright.”
Tonks loosened her hold on him and asked, “Remus, will you look at me?”
He shifted to face her. She cupped his cheek in her palm and kissed him firmly.
“I love you. And also…” Remus noticed she looked nervous and he suddenly felt cold. “I have something to tell you.”
“I love you too,” he replied hesitantly.
“Remus,” she rushed her words, “I’ve missed my moon cycle. And I went to see Molly. And she did a charm. And… I’m pregnant.” 
Remus’s eyes flew wide and a wave of nausea washed over him. He grasped Dora by the elbows and looked warily towards her abdomen.
In a small voice, Dora continued, “I don’t know how it happened. I know it’s not ideal timing by any means. But Remus… I’m happy about it.”
Steeling himself, Remus met her eyes again. They were full of fear and of hopefulness. 
“Okay,” he said. “Alright.”
He pulled Dora to his chest and asked how she was feeling. Laughing through her tears, she confessed that she’d thrown up while he’d cooked himself supper yesterday.
With a forced chuckle, Remus suggested that they go down to the pub and have Aberforth make them some supper tonight. He grabbed a copy of the daily prophet so they could work on the crossword together, ignoring the disappointment that was clear on Dora’s face. He couldn’t talk about this like he knew she wanted to. Not just yet. Not when he didn’t know how he felt. Especially not when his most prominent emotion was fear. There was, however, a not insubstantial amount of happiness mixed up in there as well. And he certainly didn’t know what to do with that.
~~~









Chapter 26: Tensions
    




Chapter Text
“Remus.” Tonks said his name like a statement. A call to recognition.
He folded the paper he’d been hiding behind and looked at her sheepishly. She felt a bit triumphant on seeing his expression. He knew he was being ridiculous. 
It had been a day and a half since she’d told him about the pregnancy, and he had been quietly carrying on as though nothing were different. He’d been out yesterday doing business for the Order, while she had been sorting out some of Mad-Eye’s affairs according to instructions he’d provided Kingsley in case of his death. This morning Remus had immediately dug into the prophet, occasionally setting it down to write up letters to some of his acquaintances with lycanthropy, keeping them up to date regarding the rising dangers they faced.
“We need to have an actual conversation, Remus.” He nodded reticently and Tonks continued, “I know this isn’t ideal. I know this isn’t what you wanted. And believe me, I am also really bloody confused and scared about it all.” 
Warm sunlight beamed in through the window. Tonks waited in suffocating silence for him to reply. 
Remus stood up from table and began to pace the limited space of their room anxiously. “I don’t know how I feel, Dora. I don’t know what to say.”
“Well, it makes me feel rather hopeful.” Tonks offered. She wished she could have kept the disappointment out of her voice. It was unreasonable to expect him to have just forgotten all of the reasons that having a baby right now was less than ideal. But it hurt that he wasn’t even a little happy about it all. 
“How?” He yelled, turning to her. “This makes me feel more hopeless than ever!” 
Gutted, Tonks bit her lip and looked down at her lap, “I see.”
“We’re in a war! I’ve already damned you to this life! Now I’ve damned my-” his voice broke, “-our child to it. How did this happen, Dora? How?”
Suddenly she was standing, ignoring the clatter of her chair hitting the floor. Instead of replying she cast a silencio and then stood still, glaring at Remus.
As though the need for a silencing spell had summoned his sense of self-awareness, Remus sank back into his chair, burying his face in his hands. 
“I’m sorry, Dora. That wasn’t fair of me.”
“No,” she replied coldly. “It wasn’t. What do you think- I intended to entrap you all along? Potions fail sometimes. This is not something I did to you Remus.”
He looked up at her, tears filling his eyes. “I know. I know that.”
Tonks stood still for a moment, a few tears making their way down her face. Then she moved just within reach of him and held her hand out as an offering. Her husband grasped it gently, rubbing his thumb along the back of her hand, unable to meet her eyes again.
“If this baby inherits my lycanthropy… it is my worst fear.”
“I know,” Tonks replied softly. “But Rem, you’re getting a little ahead of yourself. There is no evidence showing that might be the case. And honestly, I find it unlikely that this will be the first child ever born to someone with lycanthropy. If there were newborns out there with it, there would be plenty of documentation of that. Molly’s given me the name of her birth healer. Apparently, she is wonderful and incredibly knowledgeable. And I mean, she did deliver nine Weasleys, which can’t have been easy.”
“You said you were scared, too,” Remus pointed out quietly.
“I am. But not of having a family with you. I am scared about beginning our family in the middle of a war. I am scared that you are angry with me, that you won’t be able to find a way to be alright with this. But I also know we balance one another, Remus. We can handle anything that comes our way.” 
He stood and gathered her up in his arms. She pressed her cheek into his chest, listening to his heart beat rapidly. 
“I’m not angry with you,” he reassured.
After a few moments, Tonks pulled away. “We’d best clean up and head off to Harry’s party, yeah?” 
“Wait,” Remus requested. “You haven’t told me when our baby is due yet.” 
Heart swelling Tonks answered, “mid-April.” 
She laughed in delight as he pulled her in for an enthusiastic kiss.
~~~
 
“This is incredible,” Nymphadora pronounced. “I think Molly literally poured her heart and soul into this wedding.”
Remus gave her a wry smile and steered her away from the tent picket she was about to trip over, “Then you’d better not take the whole thing down because you’re not paying attention to your feet.”
“Oh shush,” she swatted at him idly, before waving at an old school friend.
They lined up to be seated, Remus glancing around at the grandeur. Molly had outdone herself. The giant, pure white marquee had glittering gold accents and the air smelled of fresh flowers. Around them, wizards and witches in flashy outfits chattered cheerfully, forgetting about the impending war. Remus, jealous of their serenity, resolved to enjoy the day as well. 
“Wotcher,” Dora said brightly as they approached the chubby Weasley look-a-like they knew to be Harry. “Arthur told us you were the one with the curly hair. Sorry about last night. The Ministry’s being very anti-werewolf at the moment, and we thought our presence might not do you any favours.”
Remus’s stomach twisted as Harry looked intently at Remus and voiced his understanding of their surreptitious departure from his party. He gave a half-hearted smile and was relieved when Hagrid  created a distraction by breaking several chairs. They found themselves a pair of seats towards the back of the area Harry had guided them to. Dora promptly twisted around in her seat and happily began to converse with the old friend she’d seen earlier. Grateful that his wife didn't pull him into the conversation, Remus let his gaze wander the crowd and fought down the swell of anxiety that was striving to overcome him.
When a string quartet began a cheerful tune, Dora turned to better see the aisle and grabbed Remus’s hand. She squeezed his fingers in anticipation as first Molly and Arthur, then Bill and Charlie headed down the aisle. When Fleur came into sight on her father’s arm, Dora grinned. 
She leant in to Remus and whispered, “Morgana, she’s so beautiful that if she weren’t about to become my friends wife, I think I might hate her a little.”
Remus restrained his laugh, murmuring back amusedly, “Tonks- you can look any way you want.”
“You know it’s not the same, there’s only really one version that’s me.”
Rolling his eyes, he kissed her softly. “Well you are beautiful. Now quiet.”
After the ceremony, Dora raced to the bathroom. Remus followed to check on her, beginning to worry when he’d had a whole baffling conversation with Xenophilius Lovegood, and she still had not resurfaced. Eventually, she emerged, appearing a little green. 
On catching the look of concern in Remus’s face, she smiled brightly. “I’m grand, love. Don’t worry. Let’s get back- I heard them announce the first dance and don’t want to miss it.”
Dora sat swaying along with the music as they watched Bill and Fleur twirl around the floor. When other couples began to join, she turned to Remus and remarked, “that is one coordinated couple.”
Chuckling, he offered his hand, “May I have this dance?”
“Really?” his wife looked at him as if he had proposed they do something utterly absurd. “This is a waltz. Like, slow and graceful. Not a drunken spin to the fiddle.”
“Yes, really.” Remus scolded.
“Well alright, then.”
Dora allowed Remus to lead her on to the floor and guide her smoothly around it. Her hair was a more elegant than usual blonde, but with her eyes their own warm brown and in her soft, spring green dress Dora was truly stunning. And, perhaps, glowing a little.
“Nymphadora, do you regret that you didn’t get to have a wedding like this?” He asked, watching her face as they rotated slowly.
“Gods no!” Dora laughed. “Not even slightly. Our wedding was just perfect for us. I’ve never been so happy.”
She stood on her tip toes and kissed Remus for a length of time that left him a touch embarrassed.
 
Several hours later, Dora yawned hugely, resting her chin in the palm of her hand. “I’ve been feeling much more tired recently,” she admitted glumly.
The party was far from fading around them. Lights twinkled by the roof of the marquee. A series of upbeat dance songs were playing and the floor was packed with energetic dancers. A group of men to their left burst into raucous laughter.
“Let’s make our way around for some goodbyes and then head home, shall we?” 
His wife nodded eagerly and accepted his help to get up on her feet again. “Harry first, perhaps?” She whispered. “Molly last, she looks too busy at the mo’”. 
A streak of fast-moving silver caught Remus’s eyes and he held tight to Dora’s hand as he turned to the source. Kingley’s patronus. Dread overcame him.

“The Ministry has fallen. Scrimgeour is dead. They are coming.”

~~~









Chapter 27: Interrogation
    




Chapter Text
Tonks felt the reverberations of the magical barriers collapsing around them. Remus turned to her, panicked.
“Apparate to your parents. I’ll meet you when I can.”
“No.” she replied firmly. 
“Nymphadora,” he begged.
“Remus, I’m staying.”
Loud pops of apparition filled the air around them. Guests were fleeing the wedding. And Death Eaters were arriving.
Remus pressed his back to hers as she raised her wand. They shouted “Protego!” simultaneously, enveloping themselves in a shimmering light.
“We are with the Ministry for Magic!” A large man without a mask thundered. “Put down your wands immediately and submit to the guidance of these men, who will organize you for questioning!" 
Tonks and Remus worked together to hold the Death Eaters and Ministry men off as most of the wedding guests managed to escape. A sudden dizziness hit her, Tonks wavered for a moment before her legs gave out and she fell to the ground. Remus dropped beside her, allowing their combined Protego to dissolve.
Her held her face, gaze searching her features desperately.
“I’m alright.” Tonks said hoarsely. “Not a curse or anything, just- just the pregnancy, I think. I got dizzy.”
“Get up now,” A voice ordered. “You must be questioned. We will separate you, I think.”
Tonks glared up at the surly man, who she vaguely knew to be named Davies. A quick, assessing glance of her surroundings confirmed that most of the wedding guests had fled. As had Ron, Hermione and presumably Harry. She sighed with relief.
Fleur stood nearby, tears streaming down her face. Her posture was that of a queen, chin held high and shoulders thrown back; she radiated righteous indignation.
“’Ow dare you?” Fleur cried. “This is a wedding. It is not a meeting for criminals. Remove yourselves from our property! You ‘ave no right to be here!”
The large man who had initially ordered they submit flicked his wand at Fleur, silencing her. Bill, whose wand must have been confiscated, leaped forward and landed a solid punch on the man’s jaw before another wizard sent ropes wrapping around him and he hit the ground stiffly. Fleur collapsed next to him, rolling him to keep his face from pressing into the ground. 
Mr. Delacour stood next to a red-faced Arthur and tearful Molly, grinding his jaw. Mrs. Delacour and Fleur’s younger sister had successfully fled, at least. The Weasley children stood in a semi-circle behind their parents and elder brother, wands pointed to the ground, but held in such a manner that they’d be ready quickly.
There were five men that Tonks recognized from the Ministry, with eight masked Death Eaters hovering just behind them.
Remus helped Tonks to her feet, tucking her under his arm. She gave him a look of reassurance before stepping out from underneath it. 
“I am an Auror with the Department of Magical Law Enforcement. I demand that you tell us under what pretence you are here and intend to question these people, as is our right.”
The leader, Ainsworth, Tonks realized, glowered at her.
“We are here under the authority of the new Minister for Magic Pius Thickness. He was sworn into office this evening after the former Minister Scrimgeour stepped down- it seems he was not well suited for the pressure of the position. We come to investigate reports of a harboured fugitive- Harry Potter, who is wanted by the Ministry for questioning regarding the murder of Albus Dumbledore on the 30th of June.”
Remus flinched so intensely behind her that Tonks glanced over her shoulder to give him a warning look. One of the Weasley twins had snorted and was hit with the same tongue-tying hex Fleur was victim to.
“All of these people have the right to legal representation throughout questioning. If they are unable to access an attorney, they have the right to the support of someone knowledgeable in the law. I believe I am capable of fulfilling such a role.” 
Ainsworth stared her down.
“Unless,” She asked innocently, “Minister Thickness has no intention of following the rule of law? In which case, I suppose, there is a risk of widespread rebellion. It would be better, I think, to maintain some degree of propriety in such a situation as this. After all, the Weasley family is rather important and well connected. Arthur and one of his sons work for the Ministry. Bill and Fleur, whose wedding you so rudely disrupted, both work rather high up in Gringotts. And that is certainly an institution I’d want to maintain a friendly partnership with.”
Looking over his shoulder, Ainsworth silently consulted first Davies, then one of the masked Death Eaters. Now we know who the real boss is, Tonks thought. She hoped to hell she’d been correct in calling out their intentions. If it turned out that Voldemort wasn’t too concerned about his coup being subtle, she’d likely sentenced them all to death with her boldness. 
“Alright!” Ainsworth snapped. “We will question each of you one at a time in the presence of-”
“Auror Tonks,” Dora provided helpfully. 
“In the presence of Auror Tonks,” Ainsworth repeated, lip curling up as he said her name. “The rest of you will remain silently together under the supervision of our men, here.”
Tonks let the breath she’d been holding slowly, subtly, release. She’d likely saved them all from the Unforgiveables, at least.
~~~
The so-called Ministry men invited themselves into the Burrow. They gathered everyone in the sitting room, and had them all leave their wands on the coffee table, emphasizing that they were not confiscating the wands, but simply enacting a safety protocol. Three of the ministry men and two Death Eaters guarded them. Ainsworth, Davies and one of the Death Eaters presided over the questioning. The others searched the Weasley property. Molly flinched at every crash associated with the careless probing of the upper floors. At times raised voices leaked through the kitchen door to the discouraged group awaiting their questioning. 
One by one, individual members of the group were pulled into the kitchen. Tonks, accompanied by Davies, would come to call the next person. They started with Ginny, and then the twins. Remus imagined they were aiming for the weakest links, and clearly didn’t realize what they were getting themselves into. With satisfaction he noted they appeared frustrated when they moved onto Molly. Evidently, the interrogators did not have a Legilimens with them. That was a blessing, at least.
Each time Dora entered the room her eyes sought out Remus. He would smile softly, hoping to impart some comfort. She looked fatigued. Her bravery in confronting Ainsworth earlier had astounded him. She was something else, his wife.
When they called for Remus, it was far into the night. Fleur had fallen asleep in Bill’s lap. Arthur had his arm wrapped around Molly and was idly stroking her shoulder. Ginny had taken to doing the v-sign at their keepers if they turned their backs to her. Fred and George seemed to be having a full conversation simply through widening or tightening their eyes at one another.
Dora gave him a wry smile when Davies barked, “Remus Lupin!”
In the kitchen, Ainsworth and the masked Death Eater sat on the far side of the table, a dwindling candle lit in front of them. Davies stood in position by the door to the yard. Dora and Remus slid into chairs across from their interrogators. 
“Confirm your full name,” Ainsworth barked. 
“Remus John Lupin.” 
“You are a werewolf, correct?”
“Yes.”
“And are you, as is required, registered as such with the Ministry of Magic?”
“Yes.”
“Do you have living parents or siblings?”
“No.”
“Do you have a spouse?”
“Yes.”
“Your wife is Auror Tonks here, correct?” Remus let his eyes slide towards Dora. He wished deeply that they had not registered their marriage with the ministry. 
“Yes.”
Tonks spoke up, “That does not change his right to have me beside him as a representative knowledgeable in the law during this interrogation.”
Ainsworth frowned, but continued on. “You are familiar with a Mr. Harry Potter, correct?”
“Yes.”
“What is the nature of your relationship with the boy?”
“I was his professor of Defense Against the Dark Arts for the period of one academic year beginning in 1993.”
“And you have been in contact with him in more recent years?”
Remus dipped his head in acknowledgement, “I was close friends with his father before his death. I was inclined to maintain a relationship with him. 
“When was the last time you saw Potter?”
“At the funeral of Albus Dumbledore in the beginning of July.”
Ainsworth leaned across the table, “You’re telling me you’ve not seen the boy since?" 
“I have not.”
“Liar,” he hissed. “Harry Potter was removed from his aunt and uncle’s home and is currently a wanted fugitive. I know you had something to do with it.”
“No need to reply, Remus.” Dora said when Remus began to open his mouth. “That wasn’t a question.”
Ainsworth slowly slid his buggy eyes over to Dora. He stared at her for a moment before turning back to Remus. 
“Do you have any idea where Potter might be at present?”
“Unfortunately I do not,” Remus replied. 
“Well, given your condition,” the man sneered, “I believe it best we bring you back to Ministry offices for further investigation.” 
“On what grounds?” Tonks challenged loudly, palm slapping the table. “He is registered, has broken no laws and does not have any information on Potter. You will release him along with the rest of us and vacate yourselves from the Weasley property!”
Ainsworth took a long moment before nodding to Remus, “You are dismissed. However you are to remain within this area so the Ministry can find you for further questioning if required.” 
Remus nodded, fully intending to go underground as soon as possible.
“Auror Tonks, we have yet to question you. You will remain here.”
Remus gritted his teeth and followed Davies indication to leave the room. He didn’t look back at Dora, not wanting to reveal his concern to the men.  
Ten minutes later Dora followed Ainsworth back into the main room. One of the Ministry men that had been left guarding them reported, “Nothing found within the house or grounds, sir!”
A second guard added, with a hint of disgust, “Except that one of the sons is upstairs with a case of Spattergroit… he couldn’t do anything more than moan.”
Ainsworth nodded tersely and then surveyed the exhausted and anxious group huddled before him.
“We are departing now, but expect you all to remain within close proximity to your home addresses as registered with the Ministry, so as to be accessible for further questioning. If Potter contacts any of you, you are required to call the Ministry with immediacy or you will be arrested for creating barriers to justice. Understood?”
Everyone nodded their quiet assent.
The Death Eaters stepped forward. Masked faces turned threateningly to each individual before they filtered into the kitchen and through the door to the yard. The Ministry men followed.
“Oh, Ainsworth,” Dora called sweetly. Ainsworth glanced impatiently over his shoulder. “I hereby resign from my position as an Auror with the Department of Magical Law Enforcement commencing immediately. I’m not too concerned about needing a reference, you see, so I don’t think I need to provide the Ministry with enough time to arrange for a replacement. If you could let the head of DMLE know, that would be grand.”
Ainsworth didn’t bother replying, turning back away sharply, his cloak whirling behind him. 
They all stood silently for several minutes, counting the pops as each of the intruders apparated away. Arthur walked to the windows, drawing back the blinds, and nodded.
Remus swept Dora up into a strong embrace. 
“That was bad-ass, Tonks!” Fred exclaimed. 
She giggled into Remus’s chest. “Merlin, I’m exhausted.” 
“I’ll just whip up some breakfast for anyone interested in eating before you all try to get some sleep, shall I?” Molly asked, wringing her hands as she headed for the kitchen.
“I’ll send a patronus to Ron,” Arthur stated.
Ginny raced from the room calling behind her, “Gods, I have to pee!”
“Just a quick nip,” Dora said, exhaustion dragging her words, “Then we’d best go check on mum and dad.” 
Remus held her face and looked at her worriedly. “How are you feeling?”
“I’m alright, really, Remus.”
He pulled her back into his arms and pressed a kiss to her hair. She was too brave for her own good.
~~~









Chapter 28: Hiding
    




Chapter Text
Within two days the Muggleborn Registration Commission was announced. The four of them sat silently around the Tonks kitchen table, the Daily Prophet spread before them.
The morning following the wedding, Tonks and Remus had rushed to her parents’ house to find them both in rough shape. The Death Eaters that had come to interrogate them were not accompanied by any Ministry officials and had been quick to use the Cruciatis curse. Andromeda had brushed off Tonks’s concerns, expressing relief that, at least, Bellatrix hadn’t been present.
It had surprised Tonks that Bellatrix clearly hadn’t been amongst the Death Eaters that arrived at the Burrow, either. But then Remus stopped by the Hog’s Head to pick up their belongings and had found their rooms destroyed. Aberforth, disgruntled, had informed her husband that Bellatrix had zealously arrived and gone into a rage at finding her niece was not home. Remus had spent the remainder of the day subverting the lackey Bellatrix had left behind as a trace. While he’d been out, the Tonks family had redone the protective enchantments around their home. The spells wouldn’t withhold another open attack but would, at least, provide enough time for the home’s inhabitants to escape.
“I’m going to head for the hills,” Ted announced, squeezing his wife’s hand.
“Dad, that’s ridiculous,” Tonks protested, folding up the paper with a huff. “Remus and I are as well- I’ve just about figured the location to Mad-Eye’s safe house. Come with us!”
Ted sighed heavily, “I don’t think I’ve much time, dear. You two might have a few weeks more of safety, but I’m meant to report to the Ministry by end of day tomorrow.”
“So I’ll spend all night figuring it out and setting it up for us if I have to.” Dora stared her father down. “Okay?”
“Alright, but if it doesn’t work out Dora, I need to leave."
“I…” Dora rubbed her forehead anxiously. “I’ll get it. It will be ready. I need you both to be with me.” She hated the pathetic pleading she’d lapsed into. “I’m pulling back from the Order… I’m pregnant.”
Remus slipped his hand under the table and held her thigh. They’d made that decision together last evening, shrouded by a muffiliato in Tonks’s childhood bedroom. She absolutely hated the idea of  removing herself from the front lines. But she and Remus both agreed the baby needed to come first. For the first time, Tonks felt the weight that this pregnancy had on her life. Her stomach squirmed as she waited for her parents reactions to the news.
“Oh baby,” Andromeda said, walking around the table to wrap Dora up in her arms. Ted joined them, kissing his daughter on the forehead before grasping Remus’s shoulder and giving him a look rife with meaning. 
“Dora, we’ll do our best to be here for you,” Ted reassured.  “Everything’ll be alright, just you see.”
~~~ 
Standing just behind his wife, Remus surveyed the cabin. It was suffocating hot in the late summer evening, even now that they’d thrown all the shutters open.
“It’s not much, but I think it’ll do just fine,” Dora said cheerily.
The cabin had a small living and kitchen space, a bathroom in dire need of renovations and two shoebox bedrooms with twin beds- they’d have to transfigure them larger and crawl to the foot of the bed to get off and out of the room. The walls had cracks that would need some handy-spell work before the weather turned cold.
All said, it was isolated as hell and warded to the brim. It would suit them well. 
Dora had been brilliant with decoding the documents that Mad-Eye had left for her regarding the safe house, as well as adjusting the charms on the wards to allow them to enter. Together, Remus and Dora walked around tidying up and double-checking security.
By ten in the evening, Remus wrapped his arms around Dora and side-along apparated her back to her parents’ home. The house was dark. Immediately, he sensed their protections had collapsed.
“No,” Dora whispered, eyes wide.
“Stay here,” Remus instructed, striding towards the house with his wand raised.
Andromeda sat in the front hall on the steps leading to the upper level, hunched over crying. 
“Andromeda?” Remus inquired gently.
She looked up, shaking her head. “They came for him. He made it out in time at least. It was just Ministry officials, which I suppose is what saved the day. And he had a bag packed and ready. They questioned me for a while. I don’t know where he went.”
Remus sat beside his mother in law and wrapped his arm around her. After a while he said, “Safe house is ready. I suppose we ought to go get settled, then.”
With a steady nod Andromeda answered, “Yes.”
~~~
“I’m sorry about your dad, Nymphadora.” 
Tonks turned from the stove to meet her mum’s sad gaze. “I know, mum. Me too.” 
She’d keep a brave face up if it damned her. 
“How long have you known about the pregnancy?” Andromeda asked, moving through the cramped kitchen to take over at the stovetop. Tonks had started simmering a large pot of pasta, which was about as far as her culinary skills extended. 
“About a week. I’m due mid-April. Maybe this will all be over by then.”
Her mother shot a sympathetic look over her shoulder, “Maybe. And how have you been feeling?”
“Alright. Some nausea. Bit of dizziness the night the Ministry fell." 
“We will have to get you some prenatal brew, helps with all of that. And you need extra nutrients.”
A hot wash of shame flooded Tonks. She really was not prepared for this at all. There’d been no chance to connect with Molly’s midwife and Tonks had no clue what she needed to do for the health of the baby.
“I’m glad you’re here,” she replied in a small voice.
Andromeda turned to embrace her daughter, “It’s all going to be alright, my love.” 
The tears that had been dancing around the edges of Tonks’s eyes began a rapid escape. “I don’t know. I am so scared, mum. And Remus is even more so. He is convinced the lycanthropy is hereditary and no matter what I say…” 
Tonks trembled in her mother’s embrace for several minutes, before pulling away and wiping at her face aggressively. “Pasta’s going to be mush.” 
“It’s fine,” Andromeda’s lips quirked up. “And you and Remus and the baby will all be fine as well. Call it a mother’s intuition.” 
Tonks nodded, pulling out a kerchief to noisily blow her nose. She folded it into a tight square, screwing up some courage. It seemed ridiculous, but she was more nervous to broach this subject than she’d been to announce her engagement to Remus.
“Mum, there’s… one other thing I suppose I ought to tell you. I… I didn’t mean to really hide it or anything. It’s just… I’ve struck up a friendship with Draco.” Realizing this might need clarification, she added awkwardly, “Malfoy.”
Andromeda’s brows shot up. Though she asked no questions, Tonks began to ramble on about how it had all begun, and how deeply she’d come to care for her cousin over the last year.
After a while, Andromeda turned to the stove and levitated the pot to pour over the strainer resting in the sink. “Pasta has turned to mush,” she noted. Then she said, “I saw Draco in Diagon Alley last month. He looked unwell.”
“He was meant to assassinate Dumbledore,” Tonks muttered, looking to the scuffed floor.
“Well,” Andromeda mused, “I can have some sympathy for the boy. If Narcissa has maintained any of her true self over these years, I imagine she raised him with a least a little goodness.”
Tonks chuckled bitterly. 
“Just be careful, Dora.” Her mum instructed. “Don’t be giving him too many details of your life. Even if he doesn’t want to see you come to harm, he’s in a risky spot.” 
“I know, mum.” Tonks wrapped her arms around her mother again. “Thanks for understanding.”
With a curt nod, Andromeda turned back to the stove. “Get out of the kitchen. I need to restart this pasta before Remus returns.”
Tonks left the cabin to sit in the cool breeze of the rickety front porch. Friday was in two days, her weekly check in with Draco. He’d sent her an emergency message the morning after the Ministry coup, and as soon as she’d established her parents’ safety she’d replied with a quick note of reassurance. On Friday, though, she’d tell him about her pregnancy. Tonks had debated the intelligence of sharing the news with her cousin throughout the week. In the end, her decision came down to simply wanting to tell him.   
~~~









Chapter 29: Shame
    


Notes:
There is a significant portion of dialogue in this chapter taken directly from Deathly Hallows.. all credit to J.K.Rowling! Pottermore also provided useful background information the contributed to the plot and characterization in this chapter.




Chapter Text
Avoiding the keen look in Nymphadora’s eyes, Remus donned his travelling cloak. “I’m off to Grimmauld,” he informed her. “Arthur’s not been able to lose his tail to check on Harry, Ron and Hermione. Chances are good that they’re sheltering there and someone needs to connect with them. Now that you and your mum are settled…”
“It’s important, I know,” Dora replied. She wrapped her hand around him arm and pulled him towards her. “Be safe, please. I love you.” 
Meeting her eyes, Remus swallowed back his shame. He cupped her face and ran a gentle thumb across her cheek bone before bending to kiss her. “I love you.”
Then he strode out of the house and apparated, landing steadily in front of the door to Number 12 Grimmauld Place. He took a moment to squint out at the square in front. A handful of gruff looking men paced the space. He recognized a few of them, including Davies from the interrogation at the Burrow earlier in the week.
Remus had been to Grimmauld a few times since Dumbledore’s death- one of them to weather the full moon- and was not surprised by the dusty ghost of Dumbledore that swept up to challenge him on entering the door.
“It was not I who killed you, Albus,” he said.
“Don’t move!” commanded a familiar voice, before that damned portrait of Sirius’s mother started shrieking. 
“Hold your fire, it’s me, Remus!” He hastened to reassure, stepping forward to confirm his identity.
Accompanying the trio down to the kitchen, Remus eagerly questioned them on their escape from the Burrow. Learning of the Death Eaters tracking them to a busy muggle street was disturbing. He’d have to bring the information back to the Order in hopes they could determine how it could have happened. 
Harry turned the conversation around, asking Remus for updates on those that had remained at the Burrow after Kingsley’s warning. Remus pulled out the Daily Prophet he’d picked up earlier, the headline announced Wanted for Questioning about the Death of Albus Dumbledore above a photograph of a disgruntled looking Harry.
“I’m sorry, Harry,” Remus said regretfully.
He filled Harry, Hermione and Ron in on the impacts of the Ministry coup, watching Harry’s lips curl down in disgust as he learned about the Muggleborn Registration Commission.
“It’s... it’s…” Harry growled.
“I know.” Remus acknowledged. After a moment, he ventured, “I’ll understand if you can’t confirm this Harry, but the Order is under the impression the Dumbledore left you a mission.” 
“He did. And Ron and Hermione are in on it and they’re coming with me.”
Remus felt his heart pang. They were just kids. Harry was James’s son. He was the baby he and Sirius had competed over being best at settling to sleep when James and Lily went out on their first post-baby date night. The scared boy he’d given chocolate to on the train to soothe the effects of Dementors. The angsty teenager that he’d reassured through the floo after Harry had learnt of his late father’s teenaged mistakes. 
“Can you confide in me what mission is?” 
Harry looked genuinely regretful when he replied, “I can’t Remus, I’m sorry. If Dumbledore didn’t tell you, I don’t think I can.”
“I thought you’d say that,” Remus acknowledged. “But I still might be of some use to you. You know what I am and what I can do. I could come with you to provide protection. There would be no need to tell me exactly what you were up to.”
He held his breath as Harry mulled it over. Hermione, raising a brow, asked, “But what about Tonks?”
Remus let his eyelids flutter closed briefly before answering, “What about her?”
“Well,” the young woman exclaimed, “you’re married! How does she feel about you going away with us?”
Remus tamped down the niggling guilt in his gut. “Tonks will be perfectly safe. She is at an established safe house with her mother. Her father had to flee recently- the Muggleborn Commission came looking for him." 
“Remus, is everything alright?” Hermione cautiously asked. “You know… between you and-”
Firmly, he stated, “Everything is fine, thank you.” Hermione blushed fiercely and Remus was compelled to add, “Tonks is going to have a baby.”
Anger simmered in him as the three youth congratulated him. They had no idea. Forcing a smile, he moved on, “So… do you affect my offer? Will three become four? I cannot believe that Dumbledore would have disapproved, he appointed me your Defence Against the Dark Arts teacher, after all. And I must tell you that I believe we are facing magic that many of us have never encountered or imagined.”
That bit was true, anyhow. Ron and Hermione turned to Harry, nervously awaiting his response.
Face blank, Harry said, “Just- just to be clear, you want to leave Tonks with her mum and come away with us?”
“She’ll be perfectly safe there. Andromeda will look after her,” Remus said decisively. “Harry, I’m sure James would have wanted me to stick with you.”
And Remus was sure. While they were undeniably gifted, the teenagers seated across from him couldn’t take on the Dark Lord on their own.
“Well,” Harry dragged on the word, “I’m not. I’m pretty sure my father would have wanted to know why you aren’t sticking with your own kid, actually.”
Stomach dropping, Remus scrambled for a response. Finally, he said, “You don’t understand.”
“Explain then,” Harry challenged fiercely. 
“I- I made a grave mistake in marrying Tonks,” It distanced her, a little, in his mind, referring to her as Tonks rather than Dora. “I did it against my better judgement and I have regretted it very much ever since.”
“I see,” Harry said bitterly, “so you’re just going to dump her and the kid and run off with us?”
Rage overcame Remus and he jumped up, chair flying down behind him. He shouted, “Don’t you understand what I’ve done to my wife and my unborn child? I should never have married her, I’ve made her an outcast!” He sharply kicked the chair out of his way before turning back to glare at Harry. 
“You have only ever seen me amongst the Order, or under Dumbledore’s protection at Hogwarts! You don’t know how most of the wizarding world sees creatures like me! When they know my affliction, they can barely talk to me! Don’t you see what I’ve done? Even her own family is disgusted by our marriage, what parents want their only daughter to marry a werewolf? And the child- the child.” Overcome, Remus yanked at his hair, continuing, “My kind don’t usually breed! It will be like me, I am convinced of it- how can I forgive myself, when I knowingly risked passing on my condition to an innocent child? And if, by some miracle it is not like me, then will be better off, a hundred times so, without a father of whom it must always be ashamed!”
Hermione, teary eyed, said sadly, “Remus! Don’t say that- how could any child be ashamed of you?”
“Oh, I don’t know, Hermione,” Harry said flatly, standing and leaning over the table to glower at Remus. “I’d be pretty ashamed of him. If the new regime thinks Muggleborns are bad, what will they do to a half-werewolf whose father’s in the Order? My father died trying to protect my mother and me, and you reckon he’d tell you to abandon your kid to go on an adventure with us?”
Blood cold, Remus snapped, “How- how dare you? This is not about a desire for- for danger or personal glory- how dare you suggest such a-”
“I think you’re feeling a bit of daredevil. You fancy stepping into Sirius’s shoes-” Remus barely noticed Hermione pleading Harry to stop. Harry ignored her anyways, “I’d never have believed this. The man who taught me to fight Dementors- a coward.”
Reacting without a thought, Remus pulled his wand on Harry and blasted him back from the table. He whipped out of the room, ignoring Hermione’s calls for him to return and storming up the stairs. He slammed the door behind him and apparated without a second thought.
Arriving in the yard of the Leaky Cauldron, Remus pulled his hood up to obscure his face. He thought about heading to the Bacchanalian Boggart instead, but determined that the chance of running into an unsavoury acquaintance there would be too high. Instead he wound through the Leaky until he found an isolated table in a dim corner and ordered himself a firewhiskey. It took two whiskeys before his heart rate slowed and his mind stopped whirling.
As his anger diminished, the shame that had been an undercurrent all along rose up. Perhaps, Remus thought, disgusted with himself, Harry had been a little right. He had imagined that being with Harry on the front lines, taking risks, would keep his mind off of the fears he harboured about his child. Would keep Dora and the baby safe from his reputation. But it was more than that… He wanted to give Harry a fighting chance. He wanted to give his child a fighting chance. He wanted to contribute to the end of this god-damned awful era. He wanted to believe that James and Sirius would be proud of him.
Something else Harry was right about, though, was that running from Dora would do just the opposite. Sirius had warned him not to screw around with his kid cousin, and wasn’t that exactly what Remus was doing? It was certainly not what he wanted to do- hurt Nymphadora more than he already had. And James… James had valued his little, growing family above all else. Despite his nearly cliché Gryffindor bravery and wish to fight the Dark Lord’s first rising, James hadn’t given backing away from the fight and going into hiding for his family a second thought. 
Telling Harry that Dora’s family was disgusted by him was a wholly unfair statement, Remus knew. While Andromeda and Ted had certainly had reservations, they had been nothing but kind and supportive. They had given Remus their trust nearly as much as Dora herself had. And he had done his damnedest to break it this afternoon.
By his fourth whiskey, Remus’s thoughts turned to his own parents. He had grown up in the shadows of his father’s regrets. All his life Remus had striven to relieve his father of his guilt about Greyback’s attack. Lyall and Hope had gone to such lengths to keep Remus safe, to keep their family safe. And more so, to live a life with joy, despite their misfortunes. As a child, Remus had taken advantage of every superstitious tradition he came across to make wishes- never wishing to be free of his lycanthropy, rather wishing his father could be free of his own shame. As an adult Remus had never succeeded in that pursuit himself.
Finally, he waved Tom over and requested a sober up potion and a jug of water. Tom rolled his eyes and slapped a bill down along with the order. 
It was late by the time he made it back to the safe house. Dora sat on the porch, raising her brows at Remus as he approached. She’d realized what he had been up to, Remus knew. He was quite certain she’d known before he’d walked out the door earlier in the day.
He went to sit next to her, wringing his hands. “I’m sorry,” he said fervently. Dora remained silent. “I’m not leaving you again.”
“Okay,” she replied quietly, reaching for his hand.
Feeling sick he asked, “But… when we got engaged, you said that this was it. Had to be it. Forever. Didn’t you mean no more chances?” 
His wife sighed heavily, “Yes, Remus. That is what I meant. But it’s alright.” She interrupted herself with a dark chuckle, “Well no, not really it’s not. But I forgive you anyways.” Shifting to see his face, she added, “I need you to forgive yourself though. I need you to be really, truly present with me. You are so wrapped up in all this self-hatred and pity. You need to move past it.”
Abruptly, he grabbed her face and kissed her passionately. He held on to her as he pulled away slightly, eyes burning, “I know. And I am ready for that.” His lips quirked up wryly, “Harry thoroughly shamed me today.”
Eyes glimmering, Nymphadora stood, pulling Remus up along with her. “Smart kid.”
Remus grimaced, “I owe him an apology.”
“I’m sure you do,” Dora replied. “Later, though. Come in to bed with me.”
Following her to their room, holding her hand tightly in his own, Remus whispered fervently, “Thank you, Dora.”
~~~









Chapter 30: Normalcy
    




Chapter Text
Curled up in her bed, blankets pulled over her lap, Tonks held her breath as she waited for Draco’s reply. It seemed a little ridiculous to be so nervous about how he’d respond, but she was. She tapped an erratic rhythm with her quill as letters began to appear across the parchment.

… Are congratulations or condolences and sympathy in order?

With a rueful grin Tonks wrote back, I know I’m cracked, right? But I am happy.

Then  congratulations it is! I am happy for you! You will have a brilliant arse-kicking baby I am sure of it. Forget about that pillock the “Boy Who Lived”
 


Thanks, D. With any luck my child won’t need to deal with anything H has. 


Yes.

Tonks could nearly hear the solemn sincerity in Draco’s voice.
How are you?  she replied

It could be worse. Back to school soon, anyhow. 

So clearly, Tonks thought, it could scarcely be any worse and Draco was desperate to get back to school.

Let me know if there is anything I could do to make it easier for you.
 


Being able to talk a little is truthfully a great help. Just keep yourself safe. 


Will do. You too. Sending all my love. 

Feeling heavy, Tonks joined Remus where he sat on the porch of their new home. She rested her head on his shoulder and he wrapped his arm around her protectively. Deep breaths, filled with the scent of pine, began to calm her.
“Remus?” Tonks asked, “Do you think we will ever be able to just row about taking the rubbish out and pants left out on the bedroom floor?”
Eyes twinkling, her husband dipped his head to capture her lips in his own. “I hope so,” he said sincerely.
~~~ 
Remus disillusioned himself before entering Godric’s Hollow. It was the middle of the night, but he didn’t want to risk being seen. 
It had been sixteen years since he’d last visited. The memories associated with the quaint town were something he had rather avoid. Sometimes, Remus still wished for his life to just go back to normal. To before his heart was torn apart and the tattered bits were tossed out to flutter away in the wind.
He stopped first at their home. As he approached, the cottage became visible, the top floor crumpled. Greenery crept over the walls and into the gaping hole. The violent contrast between the happy place he’d known, which had always carried a warm glow, and the darkened ruins nearly brought Remus to his knees.
He stepped forward and grasped the fence that stood just in front of a sign memorializing the Potters. Supportive messages were scrawled across the sign for Harry. Poor Harry, who was the hope of a nation.
Passing the picturesque statue of James, Lily and baby Harry, Remus rolled his eyes a little. James would have absolutely loved it; Lily would have hated it. Though, Remus thought, Lily would have appreciated that their home was memorialized, with its sign that explained it was a “reminder of the violence that tore apart their family.”
Remus headed for the cemetery. He hadn’t been since the funeral. Every other mourner had given him a wide margin of space as he had dropped to his knees and sobbed on their graves. While both James and Lily had been well loved, and had many mourners, Remus was alone in mourning them as family. He had been absolutely wrecked. Sirius had been sent to Azkaban for betraying them, for killing Peter and a swath of muggle bystanders. James and Lily’s parents were both dead. Severus did not come for Lily. Nor did her bad-tempered sister, though Remus had himself gone to inform her of Lily’s death. 
Lily would have liked the cemetery, Remus knew. There were plenty of trees, their boughs weighed down with their mid-summer foliage. Light glowed behind the chapel’s stained glass windows, spilling a soft kaleidoscope of colours into the yard and onto the grave markers.
He found their gravesite immediately and stared at it quietly, running his eyes over the carved words. 1981. “Twenty-one,” Remus whispered. “We were barely even adults.”

The last enemy that shall be destroyed is death. 

Dumbledore had chosen the phrase. At the time Remus hadn’t really understood it, wondered at its fit, a little. But he had been broken and numb and was grateful the task wasn’t left to him. Now he thought it might mean more than he had understood at the time. It was about their legacy. The hope and love that Lily and James had spread through the world which would long outlive them. It was about how they would not choose to stay trapped in this world as ghosts, but would move on to whatever great unknowns were on the other side. 
“I miss you so terribly much. I want nothing more than to hear you joke about how terrible fatherhood is before getting serious and sappy and extolling its wonders.” Remus took a shuddering breath and rested his hand on the gravestone. “And I’ve fucked up and gone and ruined my relationship with your son. I ought to go back and apologize but I’m too damned ashamed and cowardly. He taught me an important lesson, you know. He learnt it from you. You would both be so very proud of him. I am.”
Lowering himself to the ground, Remus turned to rest his back against the gravestone and stretched his legs out. He gave himself to permission to cry and didn’t move to leave until a sense of calm had settled over him like a cloak.
~~~ 
Surveying the Great Hall, it became very clear that the student population was down. Anyone muggleborn, and a fair portion of the half-bloods, had not returned to Hogwarts this year. The Slytherin table received, for perhaps the first time, the most first years during sorting. Overall, there was a smaller number of new students than Draco had ever seen.
Draco turned his attention back to the welcome speech Snape was apathetically performing. Snape had, unlike Dumbledore’s tradition, chosen to make the students wait for their dinner as he reminded them all of school rules, spoke of the upcoming changes to class schedule- a return to traditional wizarding values and skills, and introduced the Carrows. 
It would be important that Draco continue to put on a front and maintain his occlumency skills throughout this year. The Carrows were sure to be a blight on Hogwarts. Snape himself could go either way. The bored tone with which he was giving his address was rather promising.
The biggest blessing was that Draco had not been given the Head Boy position this year, even though by merit of his grades he should have. He suspected Snape was disappointed in Draco’s failure to kill Dumbledore when it came down to it, and thought that depriving Draco of his due rights would be a punishment. Theo Nott had been given the position instead, because the title going to a student that was not Slytherin would have been unthinkable. Draco was perfectly content to keep his head down and make it through this year. He would be grateful for any degree of normalcy. If there was anything right with this world, the war would be over before he had to choose between recommitting himself to the Dark Lord or fleeing the country with whatever was left of his shredded morals. Maybe he could convince his mother to join him in exile.
Draco clapped along with his peers as Snape sat down and dinner appeared on the long dining tables. Usually, the first day of school was Draco’s favourite day of the year. It held so much promise, there were so many new things to learn ahead. New puzzles to decode. And he would get to brag to his friends about all the exciting things he had done over the summer. He certainly did not want to do that this year. Torture and secret messages that undoubtedly counted as betrayal worthy of death hardly made for good stories. Draco ate silently, and afterwards headed for his bed with barely more than a nod to his housemates.
~~~









Chapter 31: Trouble
    




Chapter Text
It had not taken long for the atmosphere in Diagon Alley to change. Despite the warm September, only a few people walked the street. Instead of ambling along happily, enjoying a cone from Fortescue’s ice cream shop, those witches and wizards that were out on errands walked quickly and furtively. Fortescue’s was boarded up, as were several other shops. Flyers with Harry’s face and captioned WANTED were plastered everywhere. The photograph was one from the Triwizard Tournament, Harry looked young and uncomfortable.
Tonks noted a small group standing near the entrance to Knockturn Alley and sped her pace. She just needed to pick up a few items for her mum to brew up the prenatal cocktail she insisted Tonks needed. After much debate, Andromeda and Remus had agreed that Tonks was the least likely to catch trouble being out in the open. They’d, of course, insisted that Tonks change her appearance. She’d darkened her hair and her skin a touch, made her nose a little more petite. All the same Remus was wound tight when Tonks had given him a kiss goodbye.
Steps behind her quickened, and Tonks tightened her grip on her wand. She was only a few metres from Peregrine’s Potions when a rough hand grasped her bicep. She snapped her foot out, kicking her assailant in the knee. The man growled in pain, but didn’t release her.
Watery pale eyes focused on her between furrowed grey brows. With lips curled in a snarl, the man said, “You’re that blood traitor Andromeda’s kid, aren’t you? Heard you’ve taken up with a filthy beast ‘n everything.”
“I’m also a trained Auror,” Tonks said with firm politeness. “So kindly, let me on my way.”
“I think,” he replied menacingly, “I won’t be doing that. I’m betting there’s some people who would like to be speaking to you. 
It was with an icy terror that Tonks realized the man’s other hand, now pressed against her ribs, held a knife. She shifted her weight rapidly towards the arm that held her, in hopes of throwing him off balance and gaining some leverage to pry herself free. He was quicker than she expected, and a searing pain shot through her side. She twisted, hoping that the knife wouldn’t be ripped out of her in a manner that caused even more damage, and toppled the man using her own body weight and a leg behind his ankles.
She landed hard on him, fighting off the black spots that threatened to occlude her vision. On their fall, he had released her wand arm, and she stunned him. For a moment, all she could do was lay there panting. When she managed to pull herself to her knees, Tonks recognized there was a handful of stunned bystanders hesitating a distance away. 
A man took a cautious step towards her, hand held out as if to a feral beast. Tonks growled and he faltered. A young woman, blue eyes wide beneath her blonde fringe took his place. 
“Please, miss,” she said. “Let me perform a stastis on the knife. So it doesn’t cause more harm while you get to safety.”
Tonks hadn’t realized that at the centre of the pain- which was now more of a sluggish, wet, throbbing than something sharp and pointed- the knife remained lodged in her lower ribs. She gasped and nodded her acceptance.
As the other woman approached her, and began her spell work, Tonks grappled for control of her thoughts. She needed St. Mungo’s, really. But she couldn’t go there. The chances of her being abducted seemed rather high, after this incident. So to the Burrow, then.
Giving the woman a firm nod, Tonks gritted her teeth and apparated away. She collapsed into the yard of the Burrow, landing hard with her face in the mud. Whimpering, she hoped that one of the Weasleys was home, and would notice her ungraceful arrival, as she was not at all certain she would be able to get herself up and off the ground.
Some urgent shuffling, followed by a hollered, “MUM,” reached her ears, and, with relief, Tonks allowed herself to stop fighting, just for a moment.
~~~ 
There was an itching in her ribs. A bit of soreness, too. Tonks lay on her side, a pillow propped beneath her curled knee and arm. She didn’t open her eyes, but her voice cracked as she asked, “The baby?”
“Hey,” a voice, raspy but soft said, “Dora, dear. It’s alright. You’re both alright.”
Dry lips pressed firmly to her forehead, and Tonks lost consciousness again.
 
When she properly awoke, Remus was gone. She lay in the same position, in the sitting room of the Burrow. On the love seat across from her Fred and George sat, reading the paper. She croaked a hello, and they both beamed at her. George raced out of the room, presumably to alert Molly and Remus of her status change.
Fred came to crouch on the floor next to her. “How’re you doing?” he asked earnestly.
“Alright, I think,” she heaved a sigh and did not attempt to move. 
“Grand. You know, George and I are rather fond of you. You had us worried there for a bit.”
She groaned, wanting very much not to think about it. Remus had probably near about lost his mind. 
Fred held up the front cover of the Prophet for Tonks to see. “My wee brother and Harry Potter broke into the Ministry of Magic yesterday. Seems they stole a valuable magic eye and another expensive, but unnamed item, belonging of an important Ministry official- one Dolores Umbridge.”
Her eyes flew open, and she struggled up to sit. “Merlin and Morgana. Seriously?” 
Fred passed her the paper- a picture of Harry, Ron and Hermione tearing their way through the lobby of the Ministry offices in too-large clothing graced the front page. She burst into laughter. Molly did a great job of healing her up, her side barely even hurt. Thank god for Molly Weasley. Tonks had known Molly’s healing skills were her only chance, even as her brain function bled out the wound in her side.
Tense voices were audible from the room next to her. It sounded like Molly was pleading with an agitated Remus. Tonks shot Fred a quick look of gratitude, thankful that he’d done his best to distract her from having to deal with an argument right after waking.
She raised her voice, “I’m fine. Stop having a row about me, please.”
Remus burst into the room, quickly followed by a disapproving Molly. Fred stood and headed out of the room to join his brother in the kitchen. Remus dropped to his knees where the younger man had been and grabbed Tonks’s face in his hands. He studied her intently for long moments before cursing and capturing her lips in a kiss.  
“I’m fine,” Tonks said as he pulled away, though tears began to trickle down her face. “The baby is fine? Truly?”
“Truly,” Molly confirmed coming to stand behind the couch and rubbing her hand comfortingly across Tonks’s back.
Tonks slumped with relief.
“No more errand runs,” Remus informed her tightly.
“No, I suppose not,” she sighed. 
“Molly’s volunteered to do it for us,” Remus said, giving his friend a grateful smile. She flapped her hand at him with fond dismissiveness.
“So, Harry took off with Mad-Eye’s eye, eh?” Tonks asked, hopeful that the triumphant obscenity of the front page news would take away the anxious sorrow from Remus’s face.
He chuckled softly, and though he gave her a look that let Tonks know he was well aware of what she was up to, he allowed the conversation to move into imaginative wonderings about the chaos in the Ministry. 
~~~









Chapter 32: Purgatory
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
Molly brought her mid-wife, Carolina to visit them the day following Tonks’s attack. She was tall and slim, her greying hair tied back tightly with a possessed air of no-nonsense. Actually, Carolina rather reminded Remus of Minerva McGonagall. Within moments, Carolina confirmed that both mother and baby were and would continue to be healthy. There was nothing to worry about. The baby was growing well. Dora’s relief came with a wash of tears.
After the check-up, Remus walked Carolina out while Molly stayed to visit with Tonks and Andromeda. He swallowed back his fear of persecution and asked the question that was tearing him apart.
“Will it have lycanthropy, like me?”
Carolina regarded him with steady eyes before ruthlessly debunking Remus’s fears. “Certainly not. There is no evidence of lycanthropy being spread through genes. It is spread through bodily fluids. It is possible, perhaps, if a mother had lycanthropy that it could be heritable. But there is no record of a female with lycanthropy being able to bear children. You have nothing to be concerned about, so long as you take necessary precautions yourself during the moon.” 
“Of course,” Remus rushed the words out. Carolina’s certainty helped ease his overpowering anxiety, at least a little. 
She narrowed her eyes at Remus and added, “And you’d best get over your fears and guilt, because what this poor young woman and that baby need is a father who will be there.”
Then she strode into the woods, until she was past the wards and able to apparate away. Remus blinked after her, taken aback by her unforgiving yet understanding attitude. 
Two days before the first full moon following their establishment at the safe house, a shabby owl delivered a crate of Wolfsbane potion to Remus. There was no note, but Remus was pretty certain he knew where it came from. And he had no idea how to feel about that. Some moderately complex spell work confirmed that the potions were clean and effective, though, so what could he do but put them to use?
Remus had checked out Grimmauld Place the week prior to confirm that it was, indeed, compromised after Harry’s raid on the Ministry. When the full moon came round, he headed to an abandoned cabin he had used sometimes before Dumbledore dragged him back into society. It was tucked deep in the drearily atmospheric Scottish Highlands. Tonks, understanding that Remus was struggling more with each full moon since her pregnancy began, gave him a firm kiss and slipped a love note in his pocket- for him to read after the moon, she insisted.
When he woke weary and defeated the following morning to pull the note out and read over his wife’s assured words, Remus was overwhelmed with gratitude. For Dora. For the mysterious, large quantity of potion he’d been sent.
In the middle of November, Tonks gasped from where she sat reading in the living room. Stomach dropping, Remus rushed to her. She had her hand pressed against her abdomen, which was now very visibly pregnant.
“I felt the baby,” she whispered, grabbing Remus’s hand and pulling up her shirt before holding his fingers to the warmth of her skin. After a moment, he too, felt the baby move. A smile spread across his face. For the very first time, Remus felt connected to their child, rather than ashamed about its existence. 
~~~
Hogwarts was inarguably better than the Manor had been. But it was also certainly worse than it had been at any other point in Draco’s years of schooling. He figured that even those that suffered the brunt of Umbridge’s pleasantly psychotic wrath (which had often benefited Draco) would agree that this year was worse than the year she managed her coup of the castle. The torture methods that old Filch had always bemoaned the discontinuance of were now standard punishment. Draco, of course, was never himself subjected to it. All the same, he cringed whenever he walked past the Carrows’s office to catch a glimpse of Longbottom writhing on the ground. The poor idiot had decided that this was the year to grow into his Gryffindor courage.
Draco felt anything but courageous. He frequently stared at himself in the mirror and reminded himself that it was nothing short of a miracle that he hadn’t been murdered following his failed assassination attempt. One of many things to thank Severus Snape for, he supposed. The headmaster was rather supportive of Draco keeping his head down and withdrawing from his previously prominent role within Slytherin House. Draco quit quidditch. He was technically still a prefect, but he opted to patrol only the most deserted halls, so that he wouldn’t have to serve up anyone to Filch or the Carrows for punishment. 
At least Draco’s grades were back up from the dismal state they’d been in last year. It was one thing he could scrounge up some pride in, while he generally felt ashamed about every fucking aspect of his life.
Friday night check ins with Tonks were the bright point of each week. He’d been horrified to hear of the attack in the middle of Diagon Alley. The world was truly going to shit. It was enough to make Draco wish that he could be brave. Tonks was alright, though. The baby was alright. And Draco always managed to scrounge up a joke or two to make his stir-crazy, house bound cousin laugh. Lupin, Tonks told him, had finally started to get over his fears about the baby, so she was at least happy with that.
Turning the corner, Draco’s eyes fell on a young couple that were poorly hidden behind a suit of armour. The fourth year Slytherin was snogging the Hufflepuff so intensely that they didn’t notice until Draco had loudly coughed a second time. They were both boys, which would mean so much more trouble for them than simply missing curfew by an hour. Draco raised his brows and surveyed them for a moment, hoping that his expression would scare them straight, in a sense. Ideally, he could frighten them enough to remind them that discretion was vital at the moment. After a few silent beats Draco spoke, “Get lost.”
The boys nodded frantically and took off running in opposite directions. Draco glanced at his pocket watch to find, with relief, that his rounds were over and he could take himself to bed. 
~~~ 
The small room concealed behind a wall of shelves in the basement storage area of Weasley Wizard Wheezes smelt of coffee and was hazy with cigarette smoke. Remus had had to perform the most ridiculous passcode and dance combination in order for the shelves to shift the foot and a half necessary for a grown man to squeeze in. Now, sitting with his knees up against Kingsley on one side and a damp wall on the other, across from the youthful energy that emanated from Fred Weasley and Lee Jordan, Remus felt empowered for the first time in a very long time.
It was a little thing, really. But the newly established Potterwatch Radio was part of the resistance. The Weasley twins had approached him about joining just after the attack on Tonks, and Remus was quick to agree. Lee Jordan had come up with the idea, inspired by the Resistance movements during the Second World War. Lee was a half blood, and remembered the stories that his dad had told him about the use of radio and underground newspaper distribution in order to combat the propaganda that was insidiously spread by the Nazis. With a puppet Ministry in place, tightly controlling the Daily Prophet, Lee had figured establishing an anti-propaganda program would make good use of his skills. He’d mapped out key features that he’d like to include then, with the twins, networked to bring trusted informants onto the program.
Kingsley was on to speak about the impact of Voldemort’s regime on the muggle world. Remus would drum up faith regarding Harry’s status. Harry, poor kid, had long been a symbol of hope for the Wizarding World, and his dramatic invasion of the Ministry had led to many quiet celebrations. But he had been missing for weeks now while the Death Eaters grasp grew tighter. Remus was going to reassure the world that Harry Potter was still out there, fighting. And he didn’t doubt it. Perhaps it was naïve of him to think, but Remus felt as though he would intrinsically know if Harry were no longer alive. Anyway you called it, Remus supposed, he had faith in James’s son.
When it was his turn, Remus leaned towards the receiver and professed his faith. He provided listeners with more reasoning than his own blind beliefs- the Death Eaters would declare Harry’s death far and wide, as a final blow to resistance movements like Potterwatch and the Order of the Phoenix. 
Lee asked him what he would say to Harry, if he was out there listening, somewhere. 
There was no way Harry was listening, Remus knew. Word about the show was spread by mouth, and wherever Harry, Ron and Hermione were, they were unlikely to be a part of the grapevine. But it was still a chance, to apologize.
“I would tell Harry that he is wise beyond his years. That I owe him a lot of gratitude, as well as an apology. And that he can succeed in what he has set out to do. Many people stand behind him." 
~~~ 
Ever generous, Molly brought them a roasted chicken to share on Christmas. She gave them each a knit sweater and a kiss, before heading back to her own family at the Burrow. Instead of gifts Tonks, Remus and Andromeda shared memories.
Missing her dad acutely, Tonks was delighted to hear her mom’s stories about the beginning of their relationship when Ted had wooed Andromeda with his goofy charm, stubbornly ignoring the furious looks her sisters pinned him with. Bellatrix, Tonks learnt, had once petrified Ted and left him hanging upside-down in the potions lab until a house elf had found and rescued him. He wasn’t deterred. By the end of their seventh year, Andromeda had no questions that choosing her love over the hate of her family was the right choice.
Remus told them about the Christmas that Sirius had refused to go home, as the first war was beginning. Remus, James and Peter had declined returning home that year as well. They had decorated the castle with enchanted mistletoes, the sort that trapped people (regardless of who they were) beneath the deep green leaves. It had backfired on them a little when Sirius and James got trapped under one. James had joked that Sirius was a better snog than Lily.
They laughed and held hands and felt warm and full and grateful. They made guesses about the baby’s gender based on old wives tales, even though Tonks and Remus had decided they’d rather it be a surprise. They talked uncommittedly about possible names. It was an evening of peace, another of very few moments of hope and joy to mark on this year’s terrible timeline.
~~~
The smirk that Draco managed to pull onto his face disgusted him. A necessary evil. Luna Lovegood was rather impressive. As the masked Death Eaters- Draco couldn’t so much as conjecture on who might be beneath those masks, his family, maybe- grabbed her arms roughly and yanked her out of her carriage, Luna didn’t so much as flinch. She had the air of a Fae queen, as though she were beyond this world and its dirty war. Draco turned back into his compartment and rejoined the game of exploding snap that Crabbe and Goyle were playing.
On arriving back at the Manor, Draco counted his lucky stars that neither the Dark Lord nor Bellatrix were there. Bellatrix would be back for Christmas Eve. The Dark Lord may or may not be. He did as he pleased. After Draco was sent to provide a pot of unpleasant grey gruel and a small jug of water for the prisoners residing in the cellar (something Draco was sent for rather than an elf only as a test, he knew) he rushed to his room to vomit. The newest captive of Malfoy Manor was Luna Lovegood. She had studied Draco with wide blue eyes that held both sadness and understanding. 
 
The Dark Lord did return for Christmas, along with a family of muggles. A couple in their thirties and their two young children. The girl, eleven years old, was supposed to have gone to Hogwarts this year, according to the records of Dumbledore. Of course, she had never been invited and had instead gone to her muggle school, learning whatever it might be that muggles learnt in their classes. Draco’s Christmas involved quite a lot more blood and horror than he would have preferred. He hoped it wasn’t meant to be his last Christmas. That he might be able to slowly write over these terrible memories with happier ones. Though, perhaps, Draco thought, he wasn’t deserving of such a chance anymore. In his messages to Tonks, he made sure to write nothing more than pleasant wishes for her, Remus and his aunt Andromeda.
~~~
At the end of January, with her stomach ballooning and the discomforts of pregnancy building up, Tonks left the cabin to pace the small perimeter of the safe house. She turned tight circles around and around the building, ignoring the freezing air and the snow that slipped beneath her boots. When Andromeda came out and tried to urge her daughter back into the warmth of her home, Tonks shrugged her off and continued on her course.
On apparating into the yard, Remus stood in place, quiet and watchful. Tonks continued looping around the jail that acted as their home. As Tonks came back around to the front of the property, into Remus’s view, he stepped forward.
“Dora,” he said gently, reaching out a cautious hand. 
She shook her head urgently and completed three more laps before she met his eyes. 
“I can’t do this anymore!” she shouted at her husband.
Stepping towards her, Remus grabbed her hand and tugged her along to continue walking around the cabin. Tonks had worn a slick path in the inches of snow.
“I cannot stand being trapped here. Not being able to go out and fight. Being useless. This is not who I am. I can’t do it.” Remus said nothing, but squeezed her hand, a demonstration of understanding as they continued to walk. “I don’t know why I was ever happy about this,” Tonks confessed, heart heavy with acknowledgement of the dark thoughts that had been brewing inside of her for weeks.
“Dora,” Remus said, stopping and spinning her to face him. With his cold hands on her cheeks, he looked steadily into her tearful eyes. “I don’t think I ever told you this properly- as I should have- but I am happy. To have a family with you.”
Tonks let Remus fold her into his arms and sobbed, releasing the panic that had been building up within her. When she pulled away, he wiped at her tears with the tattered sleeve of his jumper.
“We take care of each other, yeah? Balance one another out? I know how frustrating this is for you. I wish I could take this on for you.” He huffed a sarcastic laugh, “I wish I could end this war. Bring your dad home. All of it.”
“I know,” she whispered, leaning up to kiss him. This war felt as though it might never end. But no matter how she felt sometimes, she could do this. They could. 
~~~
 




Notes:

Full credit to all the brilliant and fun Christmas fics that I stole the magic mistletoe trope from. This chapter is admittedly, a bit of filler, but hopefully it helps build up a sense of the crappiness of this year for our alternative trio.










Chapter 33: Breakpoint
    




Chapter Text
Andromeda ushered Arthur Weasley in from the pouring rain. He hadn’t bothered to cast an umbrella charm and beads of water rolled down his forehead. His blue eyes were watery themselves, and it was immediately clear to each of them why he was there.
Arthur had resigned from the Ministry the previous summer. There was too strong a likelihood that he would be arrested for his many years of hard work. Work to protect muggles. Tonks knew that Bill had been sending his parents money to help keep them and Ginny afloat through the year. 
Surprisingly, it was Ludo Bagman who had been keeping Arthur up to date on Ministry news. The man had such a cemented reputation for being a blundering idiot that none of the rising elites in the Ministry gave him much of a second thought. He’d always been on friendly terms with Arthur, and had quickly made the decision that he would be a decent human being and leak useful information to the Order of the Phoenix whenever possible. 
After a drying charm was cast and a steaming mug of tea rested on the kitchen table in front of him, Arthur took a deep, reluctant breath and said the words out loud. “Ted has been killed. I am so sorry.”
He met Andromeda’s eyes steadily. Remus gripped Tonks’s hand tightly.
“He was with Dirk Cresswell and a goblin named Gornuk, who were also killed. They were also with Dean Thomas- he’s a muggleborn, in Ron and Harry’s year, and the boy escaped alongside another goblin- Griphook.” Arthur chewed on his lip for a moment before continuing, “Word has it Ted and Dirk put up a hell of a fight. Saved the kid, I reckon.”
Of course Ted did. He wasn’t- hadn’t been- a Gryffindor, but he had such a profound sense of duty that Tonks could hardly be surprised that he’d sacrificed himself to save another. Perhaps, if her heart didn’t feel like it was being compressed inside her ribs by cold bands of steel, she would be proud.
Instead, she felt constricted, numb, while at the same time distantly recognizing that a part of her wanted to boil over and explode. Like that one potion for pain that she’d fucked up so badly in Snape’s class back in her third year. Her dad had responded to her tear stained letter home with a note full of good humour and reassurance.
Her pregnancy was in its last month. She was nearly always in discomfort. She had been so ready for this damned baby to make its way into the world. While Tonks knew it was far from realistic, a part of her figured she would feel free when her body was solely her own again. But now… Now the thought of holding a baby in her arms made her heartsick. How could she do this without her dad around? Without his weak jokes and pragmatic advice?
The heavy weight of Remus’s arms wrapped around her. She looked up to see Arthur had stood from his chair  and walked around the table to embrace Andromeda. Tonks wanted to get up and go outside, but she knew that everyone would scold her for the risk of catching a head cold out in the rain. Instead she shuffled out from Remus’s embrace and into her little room, crawling in bed. As best she could with the impediment of her pregnant belly, she curled up into a fetal position and pulled the quilt over her head. Later, she would be there for her mum. For now, she let her tears run silently down her face until she exhausted herself and fell asleep. Remus left her to it, somehow sensing she needed to be alone. 
~~~ 
The moment Draco regained consciousness he dragged himself up to his room. Once there he pried back the loose baseboard that hid Tonks’s magicked parchment and a quill before heading to his bathroom and locking himself in. He didn’t risk turning on the lights, instead wrapping his wand in his sleeve and casting a lumos that provided him the bare minimum light he needed to complete his task. He doubted that anyone would come and check on him, given that he’d taken an incredibly thorough punishment, but it was best to be careful.
They were here, he wrote. The trio. They escaped but it was bad. Close. Are they alright? I’m sorry- I tried. 
Draco wasn’t sure how long it had been since Harry Potter, Ron Weasley and Hermione Granger had escaped from the Manor. He had no idea how long he had been unconscious. It had been long enough for his muscles to curl in on themselves and stiffen protectively after a series of cruciatus curses that Draco suspected occurred over the course of several hours. He prayed to an entity he didn’t believe in that Potter and his friends made it out alright. Because after the insane rage the Dark Lord had flown into on returning to the Manor, Draco was quite certain that Harry Potter was indeed the only person capable of killing Voldemort. Of ending this horror.
And Granger… watching his psychotic aunt torture her was something Draco would never forget. He had come dangerously close to intervening, unable to think straight in the face of her wrenching screams. If he had done that, Draco knew, he would be dead. And he was going to fucking survive. He and his mother both. Maybe, if they were lucky, his father would manage to as well.
Finally, the parchment warmed and Tonks’s messy scrawl appeared on the page. They’re safe. Thank you. Are you alright?
Draco gritted his teeth. Every part of him ached so deeply he wanted to submerge himself in warm water and just let himself drown. Blood trickled from his nose, a cut on his forehead and a split lip, leaving a tangy taste on his dry tongue. He was not alright. But he was alive. And he was scheduled to head back to Hogwarts in two days.

Yes… 


I have to go now. Take care. 
 

Draco wiped the parchment clean and crawled back to tuck it safely away. He dragged himself up into his bed and fell unconscious once more.
~~~
Bill was at their cabin safe house when the parchment heated in Tonks’s pocket. Remus had only recently returned from speaking on Potterwatch when Bill arrived. The patch of skin that warmed next to the parchment itched, as Tonks waited with a tight chest for Bill to finish updating them and leave. Surely, she thought, Draco had landed in the path of Voldemort’s anger.
His messages reassured her, just a little. Draco could only be so injured if he were able to write to her. But he was vague, ended the conversation quickly, and was likely still in significant danger.
Reading the words I’m sorry- I tried  had her dissolving into tears. But- Tonks steadied herself with a few deep breaths as Remus watched her worriedly- Draco was alive. Harry was alive. Ron and Hermione were alive. Her baby was doing well. She and Remus and her mum were alive, though the pain of her dad’s murder remained vicious and overwhelming.
They were surviving. That was something to be grateful for. The thing was… a tipping point was on the horizon. Instinctually, Tonks knew that simply surviving was not going to be enough for much longer. This war, which had been insidiously creeping its way through their world, had outgrown its secretive skin, and was about to come bursting out into daylight.
Less than a week later, Tonks went into labour.
~~~









Chapter 34: Beginnings
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
Remus remembered the stiflingly hot day Harry was born very clearly. The plastic seat cushions in the waiting room were unpleasantly sticky. The lights flickered in response to the magic that surged uncontrollably from the witches in labour. Sirius had made fun of Remus for going pale when the agonized screams of one woman broke through a silencing charm and echoed down the hallway, quickly followed by a rush of insults directed to her husband. But when Remus started to feel dizzy, Sirius had grabbed his hand and held on tightly, reassuringly.
It hadn’t even occurred to them to not be present at Mungo’s that day, waiting through the long hours. James and Lily’s parents had all died, prematurely, within the last couple of years. This little, quirky chosen family of theirs was all they had; more necessary than ever as the war began to rush over them.
Peter couldn’t make it. Said he was unable to get out of work. He’d been pulling away from them all for months, at that point. Remus had had a sick inkling of suspicion, but was too guilt ridden at the thought and too fearful of the truth of it to say it out loud. He wished he had. So much would have been different for them all.
Clinging to Dora’s clammy hand as she ground her teeth and stared at her swollen belly with determination, Remus desperately wished his friends were waiting for him on the other side of the door.
James had sprinted down the hallway in those bright yellow, mesh shoe covers. His feet had flown out from under him and he skidded the last couple of metres, coming to a stop on top of Sirius’s lurid purple dragon skin boots, beaming up at them.
“Harry James,” he proclaimed as they hauled him back up to his feet. “Healthy. Four kilograms and a bit, touch more than Lily would have liked.”
They’d wrapped him up in a bear hug and headed back to see Lily and Harry with their arms interlocked. Remus had won rock, paper, scissors against Sirius in order to hold Harry first. Perhaps he should have been embarrassed that tears instantly ran down his face and Sirius needed to dab at him with a kerchief to keep Harry from getting all wet and snotty, but he wasn’t. When he finally passed Harry off to Sirius he sat next to Lily, pressed a kiss to her cheek and slipped his fingers through hers.
“You’re my favourite, you know,” he whispered.
She’d winked at him and told him that they’d drawn names for godfather, and it would be Sirius this time. “But you’re for the next, I promise,” she’d said.
The windows of the cottage rattled violently and the magic that rolled off of Dora made Remus’s skin prickle. He dragged in a deep breath and prayed to his friends. Carolina, hands wrapped around Dora’s ankles and mouth a grim line, instructed Dora to hold off on pushing for a moment. Groaning, Dora let her head fall back.
Something was wrong. He flicked his gaze up to meet Andromeda’s solemn eyes where she sat quietly on the other side of the bed, stroking Dora’s hair back. Remus felt as though he might vomit but forced it down, instead wiping his wife’s forehead with a cool cloth.
“Molly,” Carolina called out the door, “I need you.”
Molly rushed into the room, rolling her sleeves up and bending down to a get a good look at Dora’s dilated cervix. Without a word she drew her wand and steadily locked eyes with Carolina.
“Tonks, love,” Carolina said. “The umbilical cord is wrapped around the baby’s neck. It will be fine. I just need Molly to help me with a spell before you can start to push again, alright?”
Dora whipped her head over to look at Remus, eyes wide and panicked. She whimpered a little and he pressed his lips firmly to her forehead. “It’s alright, Dora. It’s fine.”
“Tonks, darling. The baby is getting enough oxygen right now and we are going to keep it that way. Carolina helped me through this with Percy and Ginny both, and they turned out to be my smartest two, I reckon.” That Tonks didn’t so much as chuckle at the joke made Remus’s stomach twist a little tighter. Molly continued in her reassurances, “It will be alright. I promise you. We need to start now, ok? Just hang in there.”
Remus cupped Dora’s cheek in his hand, murmuring words of reassurance that he forgot as soon as they left his mouth. He needed to keep her distracted, but out of the corner of his eye he could see winding cords of turquoise magic moving up between her legs. Carolina dropped her wand to the bed and reached up behind the magic, as Molly maintained the spell. She let out a shuddering breath.
“That’s it. The babe’s clear. You can push again honey.”
Dora wrenched her face out of Remus’s hand lifting her head off the bed. “Thank fuck,” she hissed.
After five more gruelling, heart in throat, white knuckled minutes their son was caught in Carolina’s sure hands. A beat later his hearty wails filled the room.
Remus clambered onto the bed and wrapped his arm around Dora, tucking her safely against his chest as Carolina brought the baby for them to hold.
“Edward,” he whispered. They hadn’t actually spoken about it at all. They didn’t need to.
Dora smiled softly, “Teddy, for day to day I think.”
Remus cried alongside her and the cluster of middle aged women who’d kept them going through it all without the slightest notion of embarrassment.
~~~
Remus held Teddy and stared at him for hours. Dora, after feeding Teddy for the first time and gulping back a glass of water, had fallen asleep next to them. Andromeda drifted in and out to check on them throughout the afternoon. Each time she’d press a kiss to each of their brows and smile sadly before going back to the kitchen to talk quietly with Molly over tea. When Dora woke up and reached for Teddy, Remus settled him into her arms and asked, “Godparents?”
She smiled knowingly, “Harry?” Hesitated a moment before adding, “And Draco?”
He nodded firmly, “The both of them.”
“Go then, patch things up with Harry.”
He pulled her into a passionate kiss, then cupped Teddy’s head in his hand and gently kissed his cheek.
“We made this,” he whispered in awe.
Tonks bit back a smile and shooed him out the door. On his way past,  Remus kissed Andromeda and Molly each on the cheek and then flung himself out into the fresh spring night. Joy permeated every molecule of his body as he strode out past the wards and apparated to Bill’s place.
It didn’t even register in Remus’s mind that the group huddled in Shell Cottage looked terrified and prepared for the worst of news when Bill wrenched the door open and he burst inside.
“It’s a boy!” he exclaimed. “We’ve named him Ted, after Dora’s father!”
Hermione shrieked in delight, and merlin he was fond of that girl. Amidst the congratulations Remus searched for Harry, finding him looking pleased but uncertain on the other side of the room. He raced around the table and scooped him up into his arms.
When Harry embraced him in return, relief washed over Remus. He clung to the young man for a moment longer before asking, “ You’ll be godfather?”
He might not have James or Sirius any longer, but he had Harry. And when Harry was able to come and see Teddy, Remus would tell him all about the night he was born. There were so many stories he hadn’t been able to share with him yet.
“M-me?” Harry asked bewildered.
“You, yes, of course- Dora quite agrees, no one better-”
Best drop the bomb about how the job would be shared with Draco Malfoy at a later time.
“I- yeah- blimey-” Harry agreed, looking delighted and proud.
God, Remus loved the boy. He accepted a round of drinks, and then another. He gushed unabashedly about his son. And then he rushed back home with promises of another visit soon and photographs to share.
When he laid eyes on the cabin, their safe house, with its windows glowing warmly, Remus realized he had never been so happy as this in his entire life.
~~~
Tonks clutched Teddy tightly to her bare chest, revelling in his warmth against her, in his tiny fists and cheek pressed up against her. She’d felt so dismal in the week since her father died, desperate to do something rash and irresponsible. Frantic to be free and physically run from her grief.
After that first night she’d pulled herself out of bed and focused on her mother. Struggled to focus on what was immediately in front of her at the present. Making sure that Andromeda ate at least a little every day, that she drank enough water to counter the floods of tears. Monitoring carefully the beginnings of labour pains. Carolina said they were called Forewarnings and were nothing to worry about.
Tonks pushed back her grief. Her urge to flee. The anxiety about Draco that kept crawling up, digging its claws into her chest cavity. Remus, steady as ever, was there to catch her at the end of each day.
Holding Teddy now, with Remus lying next to her so deeply asleep he may as well have been petrified, Tonks felt ashamed. She’d felt so trapped by this pregnancy. While she had always been happy about it, the undercurrent of resentment that had built up in her had peaked after Ted’s death. She wanted to fight in this war.
But Teddy. Teddy was nothing less than the crux of the universe. A human being created through the unlikely love shared between her and the worn out, wonderful man next to her.
Teddy fussed and she rocked him gently, a flush of pride springing up when he settled quickly. He was going to be intelligent and reflective and loyal, like his father, she thought. And determined and mischievous like her. It was hard not to be mischievous when you could do all number of ridiculous things with your physical appearance. Teddy had been born with a swath of black hair, but it had shifted several times since into the variety of  the soft, muted colours that his eyes were able to register. Pale grey, a soft gingery red, buttery yellow. It had faded to a sandy brown when he’d fallen asleep, and while Tonks had always believed no newborn ever looked like anything more than an alien, she could see how very much he looked like his dad.
A few quiet tears tracked their way down her face and she sent up a prayer to her dad. Maybe, somehow, he was still out there looking out for them all.
~~~
The tunnel was dank and close and thoroughly unpleasant. Draco tugged his collar away from his throat and struggled to regulate his breathing. Everything was alright, Tonks had promised in her note. But she’d cryptically told Draco about a secret tunnel under the god-forsaken Whomping Willow (Draco would never forget the way it had shattered Potter’s broom-he still felt a bit guilty about pretending to be a dementor and trying to get Potter to fall off his broom even after witnessing that disaster), and instructed him to meet Remus Lupin in the middle of the night at the Shrieking Shack of all places.
A sliver of golden light outlined a door and Draco sighed, hoping that he would be able to straighten out and the crick in his hunched neck could finally find some relief. He listened carefully for a moment and held his wand at the ready when he gave the door a little push. Lupin, still scruffy, but with an air of happiness that Draco had never seen in him, smiled from across the dusty room.
“Draco,” he greeted, words rushing out of him as though he didn’t worry in the slightest that Draco might not be trustworthy, might have someone behind him hidden in the dark tunnel. “Dora had the baby. A boy. Teddy. We’d like you to come and have a visit.”
Draco’s brows flew up and he dropped his wand to his side in astonishment. A burble of laughter escaped him.
“Side along?” Lupin asked, holding out his elbow.
Numbly, Draco wrapped his fingers around Lupin’s arm. Everything twisted for a moment and he found himself in a thick forest, with a clear starry night peeking through the canopy. Lupin led them through the woods for a couple of minutes, whispered an address into Draco’s ears and then, where there had been nothing before, there was a cabin. It was shabby, but seemed warm. Rather like Lupin, Draco thought giddily.
Andromeda Tonks waited for them at the door. She looked a little like Bellatrix, and a little like his own mother. And somehow, though she looked every bit a Black sister, she carried a warmth neither of her sisters ever had. Draco had never seen her so close up and was incredulous to find he’d been wrapped into her soft arms for a tight hug.
“Nice to finally meet you, son,” she said warmly, ushering him into the small living space.
Tonks sat on the couch, beaming, a small bundle with spikes of bright sky blue hair poking out held in her arms. Her own hair was her preferred fluorescent pink and Draco was overwhelmed to see her in such good spirits.
“Hey Drake,” she said joy making each word fuller, “come and meet Teddy. He’s a total of  thirty-four hours old.”
Draco sat himself carefully next to her, kissing her firmly on the cheek. “Congratulations. He’s… beautiful.”
And he was. There was no other word for it. His eyes, the blue-grey of a newborn blinked up at Draco as Tonks passed him over. Draco hadn’t interacted with an infant since he was a young boy himself. It was incredible that something so innocent could exist in this world. Could be entrusted to him for even the shortest of moments after the year Draco had been living through.
“Would you be his godfather?” Tonks asked gently, a smile playing around her lips as though she was ready for his reaction.
“Are you mad?” He would have yelled it if he weren’t holding Teddy, but settled for a fierce whisper.
“Not at all. Remus and I both want you to be.”
Draco shot his eyes over to Lupin, who was perched on the arm of the couch next to his wife, seeming just as amused as she was by Draco’s reaction. He nodded, “It’s true.”
“Yeah, yeah… Alright,” Draco agreed breathlessly.
“We’ve asked Harry, too… just in case that changes anything for you.”
There was hesitant hope written across his cousin’s face, and Draco couldn’t bear to disappoint her. And besides, with Teddy snuggled up against him, he didn’t want anything else but to be there to protect him and return ten-fold the faith that Tonks had placed in him.
“No,” he gulped. “But does Potter know?”
Tonks rolled her eyes, “No. He’s not exactly able to come by for a visit yet, but Remus was able to see him briefly and ask. We figured telling him that you’d be one as well is more of an after all this mess is done and over with conversation. Just in case we aren’t…” she hesitated a moment, “able to tell him, we’ve written a letter to explain it all.”
“Okay, okay,” Draco whispered, focusing intently on Teddy and pushing back the possibility that Tonks might not be around to explain it to Potter after all.
Teddy began to cry. Draco looked up quickly and held him out towards Tonks. She shook her head and instructed, “Stand up and give him a bit of a rock. Walk around a little.”
Very slowly and with the utmost caution, Draco managed to make it to standing and began to sway back and forth. As Teddy quieted, he studied his delicate features and imagined what Potter’s reaction would be when he learnt about all of this. “Your mother is bossy,” he informed the baby. “And quite mad, pairing me and Harry Potter together to help care for you.”
~~~




Notes:

Sorry for the terribly late update! But there is only one more chapter and the epilogue, and both are written! Just in need of some final editing and should be up within the next couples of weeks! Thanks for reading :)The dialogue between Remus and Harry at Bill's cottage is taken directly from JKR and Deathly Hallows.










Chapter 35: Endings
    


Notes:
There are a few lines of dialogue directly from Deathly Hallows in this chapter. All credit to JKR!




Chapter Text
Gentle spring sunlight drifted into the room as Tonks sat at the wooden table writing. Remus lay Teddy down in his bassinet and leant over Tonks’ shoulder, “What’re you doing, dear?”Setting her quill down, she turned to him, fire in her eyes and ready for a fight. “Writing an… insurance policy.”He hummed and, resting his hand on her shoulder, read what she’d put into words so far. This morning, Bill had told them that Harry, Ron and Hermione had left Shell Cottage to carry on with whatever insane mission they were on. And Tonks had just known. From the way Bill met her eyes it was clear he thought a confrontation was imminent. And that it would likely be the last of them, whichever way it went.So she sat down to write the letter. Tonks wouldn’t have her son growing up like Harry, without ever knowing what his parents might have said to him over the years. She could give Teddy at least this little something.Remus looked up from her letter and frowned at her, “Dora…”“Rem.” She met him with a flat expression.Heaving a sigh, he raked his hands through his hair. He turned back to the letter and pointed at a line towards the end, “You can’t tell him that.”“Why not? We do have a bet!”With a chuckle, he swatted at her, “Not that part so much, the bit after. It’s quite a lot of pressure to leave the poor kid with don’t you think?”Humming she reread her postscript. “It’s meant to be a joke.”“Might not translate well in writing, you know.” Smiling fondly, he pressed a kiss to her hair. “Also, include my love, please.”His voice caught a little. Tonks pushed her chair out to wrap him in her arms. “It’ll be alright. Everything will be fine.”She wished she believed it any more than he did.~~~The sun had set when the cabin’s door was flung open. Remus shoved Dora, who was holding Teddy, behind him. Bill stood framed by the dark sky, wide eyed, frantic and seemingly surprised to find himself at the end of three wand points- Andromeda had raced out of the bathroom and Dora’s was held steadily just above Remus’s shoulder.“Who was secretly your favourite professor at Hogwarts?” Remus asked tersely.“Trelawney.”“Seriously?” Dora asked incredulously.“Yes.” Bill replied.Remus turned a little so he could see her, “Did you not know that? You went to school together. What would you have asked him?”Sighing, Bill informed Remus, “You only know that because I was very drunk. I never would have told any of my classmates, let alone bloody Tonks that sordid fact.”With a hum, Tonks took a moment to think. “I would’ve asked what happened to him on our first Hogsmeade visit third year. And why.”Bill blushed and looked down, “You’re both set on embarrassing me. Remus, we need to go. I’ve just got word from Fred, Harry’s at Hogwarts and it sounds like the Death Eaters are preparing to make a move against the castle.”Both Andromeda and Bill stepped out into the garden to give Remus and Dora a moment alone with Teddy.“I need to come with you,” Dora insisted. Remus was sure she didn’t realize her hair was turning a deep red.“Dora, please. I can’t-” Remus’ stomach lurched. “I need to know that you’re safe. For me. For Teddy.”Her eyes widened and her nostrils flared and Remus knew that no matter what he had to say about it, his wife would do whatever it is she herself decided was best. His shoulders ached with tension until she nodded her assent, looking down at Teddy.Sweeping them both in his arms, Remus whispered his love. Then, in an effort to leave her with a little levity, he asked, “So what happened in Hogsmeade?”With a smirk, Tonks said, “He knocked over a sweet display at Honeyduke’s which created this absolutely horrible chain reaction. It was like dominoes. All of a sudden everything was on the floor. Molly sent him a howler after. It was all because he wanted to show off for Abby Atkins and tried to levitate a chocolate frog down from the top of the pyramid of boxes. Insisted it was going to have the rare card she was looking for. Houdini, I think.”“Brilliant.” Remus grabbed Dora’s face in his hands and kissed her firmly. “God, I love you. Be safe.”He picked Teddy up and held him tightly for a moment. “I love you.”It felt so inadequate for a goodbye. But if he didn’t pass his son back to Dora and leave them both behind right then, he wasn’t going to be brave enough to do it. And he needed to. For Teddy and Dora. For Ted and Andromeda. For Harry and James and Lily and Sirius.Outside, Andromeda grabbed him into a tight hug. “I will take care of them,” she promised.Remus slipped his hand into his pocket to feel the edges of the two photographs he kept there. One of Dora, Sirius and him at Christmas, and one of Teddy squirming in his arms with wild, bright turquoise hair. He accepted Bill’s arm and they apparated together to the Hog’s Head.~~~“He went through about an hour ago,” Aberforth told her solemnly, waving towards the portrait up on the wall. “Are you sure you want to do this, Nymphadora?”Always formidable, Augusta Longbottom snapped at him, “Of course she’s sure! You think she made the choice to leave that baby boy behind lightly?”Tonks rested her hand on her elderly ally’s arm. She was determined to be steady, like Remus. “I’m sure Abe. But thank you.”“Alright, in you get then. You two’ll be the last of them. I’m following you up.”Tonks hauled herself up into the tunnel and then reached around to support Augusta as she clambered up. Her abdomen was still sore. It had only been ten days. Not nearly enough time (for recovery or to spend with her son) to deal with this bloody clusterfuck.             After Remus had left, Tonks had tried. Truly. She’d clung to Teddy and sung him broken lullabies and paced the confines of the safe house. When he’d fussed for a feeding, she’d sat still with him and cherished every damned second of it. Then she had given him over to her mum and pulled out her letter.“Please, mum,” she’d said, her own desperation slamming up against Andromeda’s. “I need to be with him. I can’t, I can’t-”“Okay, baby,” Andromeda reassured through her tears. “I will take care of him.”“Love you mum,” Tonks had said fiercely, hugging her close. She bent to Teddy and pressed a lingering kiss to his head. “I love you, Teddy. I love you.”At the other end of the tunnel, Tonks and Augusta were greeted by a rather impressive club house which looked as if it belonged to the Lost Boys. Ginny stopped pacing the perimeter of the room and the furious look on her face faded away a little.“Hullo,” she greeted. An ominous rumble sounded on the other side of the thick stone walls.“Wotcher, Gin. What’s happening?”Before she could answer, a small door flung open and Harry, Hermione and Ron piled in. The latter two had arms full of what could only be gigantic fangs. Merlin.Not one to waste a moment, Augusta commissioned an explanation from Harry.“Is everyone OK?” Tonks and Ginny blurted in sync.
Please, Remus. Please. 
Harry’s attempt at reassurance didn’t quell the urgent tremor of her muscles.“I thought you  were supposed to be with Teddy at your mother’s?” Harry asked worriedly once Augusta had jettisoned off to find Neville.It was the worst decision she’d ever had to make.“I couldn’t stand not knowing.” Tonks replied. “She’ll look after him – have you seen Remus?”“He was planning to  lead a group of fighters into the grounds-” Harry replied.Tonks was off. It occurred to her as she raced down the hall that she ought to have given him a hug and wished him luck. Or at least thanked him. Ah well, he’d understand. She could hardly focus on anything. She turned a corner and smacked straight into Percy Weasley.“Percy!” She gasped.He looked immediately ashamed. “I realized I’d been a tremendous prat and needed to be here.”Nodding, Tonks replied. “Good. Good.” She slapped him on the back and said, “Cover me a moment, would you?”Percy nodded, shifting so he had a better view of the hallway. Closing her eyes Tonks took a moment to breathe and count. With her brain racing ahead of her, to wherever Remus might be, she was no use to anyone. She might be out of practice but she was still a bloody Auror. And damned if she didn’t act like one tonight, when she had never needed her skills more. Constant vigilance, Moody.“Right,” she said after a moment, opening her eyes and raising her wand. “Better, thanks Perce. Be safe, yeah?”He nodded again, “You too, Tonks. Congrats on the baby.”“Cheers.”She was racing back down the hall, this time certain she wouldn’t find herself unexpectedly colliding with anyone.“Tonks!” Ginny called from behind her, drawing her attention to a window overlooking the grounds. Turning heel, Tonks skidded back towards her. In the grounds below a group of masked Death Eaters were flinging hexes towards a group of people that Tonks could not distinguish as individuals but which appeared to be made up of students and Order of the Phoenix members. She and Ginny aimed a few solid spells towards the Death Eaters.“How the hell have they already broken through the grounds defenses,” Tonks gritted out.“Castle walls are still safe at least,” Ginny replied steadily before shooting off another jinx.Aberforth ran past, bellowing words of praise at Ginny as he did so.“Have you seen Remus?” Tonks shouted at his back.“He was duelling Dolohov! Haven’t seen him since!”Merlin and forsaken Morgana. Dolohov. She needed to get out of this castle and down to the grounds immediately. Ginny called something after her but Tonks didn’t hear over the rush of blood in her ears. Breathe, she reminded herself. Constant vigilance.When someone’s arm snaked out from behind a tapestry and grabbed for her, Tonks was ready. She had her assailant disarmed and pinned against the stone wall of the alcove in the time it took her heartbeat to stutter.“Draco,” she hissed, realizing who it was. She pulled him into a fierce hug.“What the fuck are you doing here?” he demanded.“Remus is here. I need to be here. I need to find him.”Draco looked haunted. “I saw him on the front steps just a minute ago. He’s quite impressive. Took Dolohov down. He’s fine. Are you alright? Where’s Teddy?”A sonic boom sounded above and dust from the ceiling showered over them. Draco looked up irritably and cast a reinforcing spell before turning his intense eyes back to his cousin.Releasing a shuddering breath, Tonks replied, “I’m fine. He’s fine. With mum. How are you?”Lips pressed tight, Draco said, “Alright. I’m alright. I’m trying to find Crabbe and Goyle. I… we’ve been told Potter’s looking for something and they intend to stop him at any cost. I’m going to try my best to…” He trailed off, overwhelmed. “I just need you to know.”“I know,” she replied gently, kissing his cheek. “I need to go.”Draco nodded helplessly and Tonks left another piece of her heart behind her as she headed down to the grounds.The entire castle shuddered around her as she raced down flight after flight of stairs. The stairs, for once, were cooperating. As if Hogwarts knew she was on its side. Tonks would never have imagined the possibility of the castle falling. Over a thousand years of history, and in pursuit of his twisted vision of magical purity, Voldemort would bring it all down.Both Andromeda and Ted had spoken of the castle in tones of worship when Tonks was young. It was the place where Andromeda took up the mantle of her ancestors, excelled in Charms and Transfiguration. For Ted, it was the place where he found answers for the parts of him that had scared his parents, the parts that alienated him from his peers. It was the place where their love story began, secret and protected by the castle’s many spots of refuge. Both Tonks’s parents had instilled within her a deep sense of value and respect for Hogwarts, for its history and community.She pulled up short as a battalion of suits of armour thundered down the hall. Tonks bowed in deference to them and was pleased when those at the tail of the group took a moment to bow in response.As she headed down the last flight of stairs, she caught sight of Fenrir Greyback down below. Filled with a savage anger, she ducked out of sight and shot him with a curse that slashed at his left shoulder and arm. She would’ve done him worse, if she weren’t concerned about maintaining her energy levels throughout the night’s fighting.When she found Remus he was standing with Bill and Fleur, the still body of a Death Eater on the ground in front of them. Ropes conjured by Fleur wrapped around the body. Bill pressed his hand against a cut along his forearm to staunch the flow of blood.“Rem,” she called, voice raspy, choked off by fear and anger and love.“Dora,” he turned, stumbling over the few steps it took to get to her. He grabbed her up and kissed her so deeply the world beneath them spun on without them for a moment.Then, with a loud crack, they were brought back to the battle. Remus spared her a last look, communicating exasperation, love and a warning that this conversation was not over all in one. A fresh front of Death Eaters apparated in a semi-circle around the four of them, leaving them with their backs against the castle wall.Bellatrix danced forward, the only Death Eater without a mask. “Lookit! It’s my niece and her dog. Let’s teach her what we do with mangy curs.”The onslaught was vicious. There was not a moment between the curses firing their way, and the group of them were quickly forced into the defensive.Remus’s shield faltered as a series of curses slammed against it. The glowing wall flickered and then disappeared. A beam of venom green light shot through and collided with his chest. The shield charm Tonks cast was just barely too late.Too late.Remus was falling.Tonks screamed as she lunged for him, to catch him. To save him. Every thought was wiped from her mind as an aching, gaping chasm opened in her chest. Her heart had been ripped right out of her along with the light that had been Remus. Bellatrix’s second Unforgiveable met her niece on her way to him.~~~Draco clawed at his arm and raked in rough breaths. It would be easier if he gave up. If he just allowed himself to be killed. Either side of this bloody war would be happy enough to take care of it.Well, Potter had saved him from the fire Crabbe set, which had engulfed the Room of Hidden Things. Draco’s lungs felt as though they’d burn for decades to come. And then he’d been cornered in the hall by whichever thick git in full Death Eater regalia had been pretending he didn’t know who Draco was. He had most certainly known and just hadn’t cared. Potter and his lackies had saved Draco then, too. Never mind that Weasley- invisible- had punched him solidly on the jaw.Draco had just made it to a deserted hallway and managed to look out a window to try and orient himself to what was going on when he’d seen them fall. First Remus and then Tonks in quick succession. Of course, it was none other than that fucking bitch Aunt Bellatrix. Draco grasped tightly to the windowsill and turned to vomit on his feet. Then the mark had begun to burn, calling for him. He looked back out the window to see Bellatrix and her peers disapparate, leaving the older Weasley son and his wife behind, standing guard over the bodies of Draco’s family.It would be easier to give up, he thought, as Voldemort’s chilling voice resounded through the halls of Draco’s home. But there was Teddy, back in the secret cabin with his grandmother standing guard. And Draco sure as fuck wasn’t going to give up on Teddy.~~~









Chapter 36: Epilogue
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
Teddy sat with his back against the cool marble, grass tickling his knees. He took a deep, shaking breath before he unrolled the parchment that his grandma had given him. She’d offered to be there with him while he read it, but he’d opted to take his godfathers up on their offer to take him to see his parents instead. He visited their grave often- they were placed in the same one. He would always sit as he did now, leaning against the tombstone, legs stretched out in front of him. Sometimes he would wonder what it would be like if he were down beneath the soil with them. But he would always decide, that would mean he would be a baby for all of eternity, which would be no fun. He wouldn’t ever be able to learn new things.Harry could always relate to him about stuff like that. Stuff that most people thought made you a little nutty.Alright, he chided himself, time to read Teddy. 
 

My dearest Teddy,

I left this with your grandmother- just in case. I know that she loves you very much, and I am sure she will raise you well. And there are so very many people in this world who will love you, just as your dad and I loved them. Though I am realizing, as I write this, that many of them are just as tied up in the war as your dad and me. I know we chose well in picking Draco and Harry for your godfathers, though they have never gotten along well, they both love you fiercely. I am sure they will find a way to muddle through for your sake. The Weasleys are all very good people who, I know, you can count on as well.
 Teddy looked up, searching for his aforementioned godfathers. They’d both insisted on coming with him. They were standing just by the gates to the Hogsmeade Memorial Cemetery- the only graves present were those of heroes who had died in the war. They were bickering, but in a good natured way. Smiling as he watched Draco roll his eyes in an exaggerated fashion, Teddy returned to reading. I will leave the telling of tales to them. I’m sure they have many great stories about your dad and me. I mean, we are quite the characters. Truly.   
There are a few things I want to pass on to you, in my own words.

Firstly, I want you to know that nothing in this life is ever black and white. While there may be good and evil- there is nothing, and no one,  wholly good or wholly evil. I believe in giving people the benefit of the doubt. Your father and I would never have had the love we did if that were not the case. And Draco would certainly not be your godfather. That said, always trust your instincts- if you inherited them from us, I’m sure they are bang on.

Secondly, have fun. Life can be heavy. Levity is important. Use your metamorphmagus skills to their full extent! But never change anything about yourself for someone else. Not your appearance, not your values. If there’s anything you feel must change, it must come from you and for you. 

Finally… Never doubt that your dad and I would be proud of you and that we love you. I am so sorry we had to leave you. I want you to know that we fought for our love, for our family and for a better future for you, my Teddy. 

All my eternal love,

Mum
P.S. Your dad and I have a bet about whether you’ll be in Hufflepuff or Gryffindor. Either is fine, so long as it’s not Slytherin- we’ll be watching!  
P.P.S.- Your dad informed me that this is a lot of pressure  to leave you with. So forget that bit about Slytherin. We will be proud of you no matter. Also, he wants to me to pass on his love as well. Just in case. And let me tell you- he does love you. He cried when you were born. Sobbed, really. 

Xo, Mum and Dad
 “Thanks Mum. Thanks Dad,” Teddy whispered. “I love you both, too. I promise I will never stop visiting, even when Hogwarts gets really busy.”He brushed his hand along the grass for a moment before pushing himself up to stand and meandering over to his godfathers.Draco turned away from Harry as Teddy approached, silently questioning him.Harry was not so subtle.“So?” he asked eagerly, “How was it?”Teddy smiled, “It was nice.”As his smile wavered and he began to sob, both men wrapped their arms around his shoulders and held him tightly. Once he had calmed, they walked with him up the hill a little so Teddy could get a good view of Hogwarts.“Best years of my life,” Harry remarked at the same time as Draco said, “Worst years of my life.”The two locked eyes over Teddy’s head and burst out laughing.“It’ll be great for you, Teddy, I’m sure of it,” Draco reassured as his laughter subsided. “But evidently, if you’re having a hard time, you’ll find more understanding from me than this git.”“Hey! I am plenty understanding!” Harry protested. “Let’s go hit up Honeyduke’s before we head home.”“Thanks.” Teddy gave them a nervous smile, “I love you both.”“Don’t seem so embarrassed,” Harry said, ruffling the boy’s hair. “You’re never too old to say ‘I love you’. And Teddy, I love you too.”“Harry Potter, Boy Wonder, World’s Biggest Sap,” Draco announced dramatically, waving his hand to present Harry to the empty lane. Then he turned to Teddy, tweaked his nose and said, “Love you too, kid.”~~~




Notes:

Thank you for reading! I apologize for this one taking so long but I hope you enjoyed it! If you are interested, stay tuned for an upcoming (and unrelated) Drarry which is mostly prewritten and just needs more editing before posting, and with which I promise to update more regularly! Happy New Year :)