Chapter 1





Chapter Text
I’ll run across the courtyard this time, he thought. I will. Just watch, I will. I’ll run to him. But his legs caught in lead, the cobbles suddenly unstable and his mind trapped inside his own treacherous body - he stayed still, at the side of the monster, just like that time. Just like every time. Just like every night, he woke up with a start, a half-scream, and sweat pouring down his back and thighs, cold against the burning skin. Then a knock on the door. “Is everything alright, dear?”He struggled against his closing throat for his voice to sound convincing. “Yes mother. Everything is fine.” Narcissa walked away, footsteps echoing across the empty halls. The same steps he took. The same halls. Sleep was not returning, but Draco wasn’t certain if he’d welcome it. It reminded him of the choices his past self made, and sharing a body with the boy he was back then made him shiver and sick. (The boy he still was, buried under guilt.)He got up, went to the bathroom, washed his face. Washed his finger nails, three times. Washed his mouth out with Listerine, a muggle mouthwash he’d been using since magic stopped being enough. It burned his mouth, burned his gums, stronger than Firewhisky. He scrubbed his body with a wire brush until his skin looked raw – and still, he did not feel clean. Never enough. He sent letters, of course, when everything was done, but even he had to admit they sounded forced and fake and like the looser trying to get into the winners’ good graces. He never could convince anyone, not even really himself, and the Wizengamot only let him be because he was “under duress”. “Under coercion – did what he could to save his mother.” If not for that, she couldn’t save Potter. Innocent by association.   The words echoed in his mind over and over, like a broken poem or half remembered song lyrics. They never really went away, only hid in plane sight, ready to emerge if his brain was given half the chance of quiet. Repeating. Constant loop. Innocent by association. Innocent by association. Innocent by- “Your room is a mess,” Draco said to himself, out loud, knowing full well no one could hear him across the rooms. It stopped the other voice, if just for a minute. Still, he did not clean. In the morning, three taps on a window. An owl, and a letter which only states “Your therapist has quit, we are terribly sorry, a replacement has been made and will meet you…” Same time, same place, and Draco really couldn’t care less who’s face it was he’d ignore for an hour, just to get mother of his back. The face he did not expect had greeted him with a half-hidden smile, and freckles across his long nose. The flaming hair was as ginger as always, but Ron Weasley held himself higher than he did in Hogwarts, he grew into his large feet and hands. His clothes fitted him better, and Draco remembered with distaste what he used to say at school. Don’t go making friends with the wrong sort. It was funny, really, even to his own eyes, as the wrong sort truly showed itself. Even the clothes, where Ron now looked nicely tailored and fitted, Draco’s constant weight changes had him give up on altering what he wore and now his robes hung off him like off a coat-hanger. Ron showed him into the office, which was surprisingly different than the last time he saw it. It smelled of cinnamon and strong tea. The diplomas on the wall were gone, and replaced with cheery pictures of houses and cats, clearly drawn by a toddler. Draco looked around the room, taking it in.“Do you want to sit down?”He did, removing his overcoat and placing it over his knees. “You’re a therapist,” it wasn’t much of a question, but Weasley stifled a chuckle and nodded. “Many people were surprised.”“Don’t get me wrong,” Draco started backtracking, worried he was being overly insulting, “I’m not saying you can’t be a therapist. Just, didn’t see it coming. Granger, maybe, not you.”At those words, Weasley lost all pretence of composure and broke into full on laughter. “Hermione, a therapist? Wait till I tell her that. She’d probably try to reason all her patients until they submitted to being better. No, she’s working in the Ministry, executing her 10-year plan 5 years early.”“I see, that’s good. You’re still in touch?”“Married, actually,” Weasley extended his left hand, where a golden band straddled the freckly ring finger.“That’s great, that’s… really great.”A silence fell over them, carrying with it years of hate, then confusion, then guilt. There weren’t any words left unsaid – before the war, and just after, Draco was more than vocal about his feelings about Weasley, and the Golden Trio. Weasley, to his credit, managed not to look uncomfortable, but Draco could feel his skin getting itchy under the thick sweater. He could take it off – he was wearing a t-shirt underneath – but that would mean bringing attention to himself. Was it a weird thing, taking a sweater off in company? He couldn’t remember anyone ever doing that around him. He couldn’t remember doing it himself. The itch was getting worse, his entire arm felt on fire, and the internal monologue has now spiralled out of control. He’d have to keep the sweater on. There was no point risking it. “I understand it must have come as some surprise to get the letter about your last mind-healer.”Draco had to admit that no, it wasn’t – they made no progress in the six months he had been seeing Healer Crowley, and their relationship has gone downhill since Draco made him cry. In his defence, if one doesn’t want to know what do you think of me, honestly, one ought not to ask. “Although I’ve been assigned to your case,” Weasley continued, making himself comfortable in the large chair opposite Draco, “I would understand it if you’d rather someone else took over. Whichever way, I want you to understand that everything said in here is completely confidential. I won’t say a word of it to either Hermione, nor Harry.”There it was. The name no one has spoken to Draco in years. Not his mother. Not Pansy, who somehow stuck around. Not a single soul. Harry Potter. His ears filled with a high-pitched sound, and his entire body constricted, as if all of sudden he was dumped into the depths of the oceans. The immense pressure was crushing him, and the world was screaming at him, crying in pain.
“I don’t mind,” he said – Draco was skilled at hiding inside his own shell. “Good! Lets start from the beginning then. You’ve been under Crowley for a while, and he had left me notes, but,” Weasley crunched his nose much in the way Draco remembered from Hogwarts whenever they were given a large piece of homework, “I’d rather get it from you than from him.”For the next hour, they briefly recounted what Draco had been reluctantly discussing with his previous therapist. He felt silly, really, three years post-war and here he was, a broken shell, while the people who were in the worst of it had moved on, found careers, married. The session was different than usual, and to his own chagrin he found himself actively discussing and answering questions. Weasley was a surprisingly adequate therapist. “You can call me Ron if you’d rather, you know? Weasley describes upwards of twenty people now.”“Father always said you bred like rabbits,” Draco responded, before he could stop himself. Mortified, he looked at Weasley- Ron, Ron Weasley – half expecting to see his wand drawn. But nothing came, instead the redhead through him a cheeky wink. Although preferable to a hex, this familiarity left Draco perturbed. “How is he?”“Father?,” Draco asked, and Ron nodded, “Dead.”Ron’s freckles became even more visible now he went as white as a sheet. “I’m sorry, didn’t know.”It didn’t matter, and Draco asserted to that point. They haven’t spoken, not really, since before even the war. Not since the Mark. Not since the footsteps in the halls, drawn curtains, light annoys the snake. Not since the day his mother cried. Before leaving, Draco took what little courage he had, and asked: Does he hate me? Ron looked confused, so he clarified, Harry. Does Harry Potter hate me.“No, mate. He doesn’t.” And the smile the words came with was so sincere, so unlike the usual therapist’ blank stare, he almost believed them.









Chapter 2: Chapter 2
    


Summary:

Three years after the war, Draco struggles to move on. When his therapist quits on him, and the new one is more familiar than he'd like, things are set to change. Can old rivalries be set aside to make way for something new?



Notes:
Warning: descriptions of anxiety and ptsd at the beginning, therapy
This is a WIP - I do not have an update schedule and fit writing in between work and life. Please bare with me.




Chapter Text
The second of May was a day like any other. Draco couldn’t sleep, but he told himself When can you. The dreams where bad, but they were as bad as any night. Nothing new here.
Except he knew ghosts were restless on that day. Lavender Brown’s face, so often admired by boys back at Hogwarts, now torn into shreds, visited him first. She spoke no words, and he knew it’s not real, not real – but how can it be not if there she stood, all curls and blood. Not aged one day but distorted through the lens of his own, broken memory.

I’m sorry.

It wasn’t enough, and Lavender Brown was surely joined by Colin Creevey, the boy Draco often would make fun of in earlier years. He didn’t look sixteen, the age he died – he was just as on that first day, all excitement and childish naivete, shoving his muggle camera in faces of unsuspecting wizards. He’d never stop talking. “To show my father,” he’d exclaim, and now Draco could draw parallels in death. Colin’s father would hear all about it- about the magic, the castle, the people… and Lucius heard enough too, didn’t he, as Draco unwittingly became a spy at the age of eleven.
Ron moved their session from today. Draco suggested it – no point the ginger losing out on time with his family. His brother died too, didn’t he, and Draco didn’t think he could look into the eyes of yet another casualty. He didn’t even remember his name – only that it was one of the twins.
“If you think that’s what you need, then we’ll move it. But I will be here if you change your mind.” Draco wouldn’t of course – he didn’t need to see Weasley, he didn’t need to take a break. What he needed was for everyone to leave him be. Because he was fine. All the fuss mother made, all the questions asked, first by Crowley now by Weasley, and the answers he wouldn’t – couldn’t give.
He didn’t know what time it was when he Apparated from his room straight in front of the Legilimens Foundation, one of the new store fronts opened in the aftermath of war, when Diagon Alley was rebuilding itself. It was surprisingly popular – this being the completely wrong word to use of course, Draco scolded himself for repeating Narcissa’s sentiment. That new foundation, just opened where that dreadful joke shop used to be. Very fashionable with the younger crowd, I heard, very popular indeed.
As Draco felt his body forced out the other way of his Apparition, he stumbled and instantly remembered the breakfast he’d forgotten to eat. He wasn’t quite out of it yet, not yet fully aware of his surroundings, when a pair of strong hands caught him by each arm to steady him. Suddenly, as the world steadied itself, his view was filled by a face adorning an expression beyond astonishment and eyes, greener than he remembered.
Harry Potter looked like he wasn’t quite certain what to do now. Baffled would probably be the right expression. They stood at the edge of the pavement, Draco slowly re-establishing his equilibrium, Potter holding onto him as if he forgot how to let go. The moment over as he glanced down, panic erupting on his face.
“You’ve splinched yourself!”
“What?” asked Draco dumbly, not quite yet able to divert his gaze from the field of green. It wasn’t sneering at him, or throwing quips, nor hexes, and Draco wasn’t quite sure if this was another hallucination his unhelpful brain supplied, if he was standing on the pavement outside the lunatic asylum (Narcissa’s words, when she thought he couldn’t hear) mumbling to himself.
“Malfoy, you’ve splinched yourself,” Potter reiterated, sounding frustrated, “we have to get you looked at.”
Potter pulled him by the wrist, leading him inside the Legilimens Foundation. “Why are you here?” Draco asked, cursing himself immediately. He didn’t care. It wasn’t polite to ask. It wasn’t right. He sounded like a dumb child, spouting nonsense.
Potter didn’t seem to notice his internal turmoil as they approached the front desk. “Is your medi-wizard available?,” he asked the witch behind the counter, who took one look at Draco’s left arm (which he still couldn’t really feel) and took off towards the back room. As she left, Potter turned his attention back to Draco.
“I was meeting Ron or lunch. He works here.”
“I know,” Draco answered, instantly biting his tongue.
“You know?” Potter looked surprised, until understanding breached his face, “Oh.”
An ugly, loaded silence fell between them and Draco thought I don’t really need that arm, I can just walk out and keep walking until the Manor. The weather is good. A brisk walk. That’s all I need, but a wizard in green healer robes emerged with the witch from the front desk, and the blood he was dripping started making a little pool at his feet, and it was starting to hurt.
The next half hour was a blur of red and green, and ginger hair because someone had called Ron down. More surprising even than the Weasley’s concern was the fact that Potter stayed. Draco was silent throughout the procedure, while the medi-wizard cast spell after spell to re-attach the missing chunk of his forearm Draco watched the scene as if from the bottom of a pond looking up at the stars.
It was strange, being silent around Potter. They never sat like this before, neither speaking, neither swearing, and the longer it went on the more antsy Draco felt. His fingers itched and he would love to crack the pale, thin knuckles, but one of his hands was still pre-occupied, and he didn’t think he could, not in company, not in front of people, the nasty nasty habit, his father just loathed it and would give him the look, and what would they think…
Draco was holding tight onto the edge of his seat and caught Potter looking at him with surprise.
“Does it hurt?”
The silence between broken, Draco astounded at the simple kindness in the voice which no longer sounded familiar. The same voice he would sometimes dream of back at school – nasty, hate-filled dreams – now the voice of a stranger. As if those years never happened. Does it hurt. Draco shook his head no.
Not long after, the skin grafted and regrown, only a faint red line on his right forearm. Matches the other, Draco thought grimly, and pulled down the sleeves down both his hand, hiding his shame.
“Can someone Apparate you home?”
They couldn’t. Narcissa was in France, visiting some friends. She couldn’t stand the reminder that was the Manor, not today – couldn’t stand the reminder that was Draco. He started to protest it was alright, he could do it, would be more careful this time, it was but an accident-
“I’ll take him,” Ron suggested and only briefly looked at the watch on his arm, but not briefly enough for Draco not to notice. Potter noticed too, and he recounted immediately.
“You’ve got the dinner, go home. No, it’s no problem, I promise I’ll make it. Just tell Molly not to wait for me, alright?”
Ron looked doubtful, but Potter checked with the medi-wizard about any follow-ups Draco needed to adhere to and before Draco formulated a single coherent thought they were leaving the Medi-wizards office and walking down the bright corridor towards the exit.
Suddenly embarrassed, Potter looked at Draco out of the corner of his eye. “You don’t mind, right Malfoy? It’s only that Ron’s family has this big dinner thing, didn’t want him to miss it.”
“Don’t mind,” Draco answered, lying. He minded, and he minded a lot.
It was one thing bumping into Potter on the street. Bad luck. Splinching himself in the process – well, what else could he expect from his abysmal magic which seemed to want him dead recently more than ever. But having the object of his darkest visions escort him home, it was too much. The Manor was in no way a safe space, but it was a sanctum for his nightmares. He noticed he was wringing out his fingers, creating complicated, broken patters with the pale digits and forced himself to stop.
At the Apparition point, Potter turned to him and grabbed him by the arm. It burned more than the splinching. He looked Draco straight in the eyes, no sigh of anger, which Draco was so accustomed to seeing there. His face looked bare, almost naked, as he leaned forward and asked:
“Ready?”
 









Chapter 3: Chapter 3
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
This was wrong. Potter was here, standing at the marble steps of the Manor, marvelling at the white peacocks in the distance. And he was wrong, in this space, where he was never meant to be, where he once… where once…“Shall we go in?” Draco turned back to catch Potter staring at him, wide-eyed and with no hint of leaving. Instead of responding, with his throat tightened and the skin of his right arm itchy, Draco opened the door with an intricate spell pattern he’d perfected – and re-perfected – and re-perfected – following the war. (The Manor had to be kept safe. Mother had to be kept safe.)Draco led them down the maze of corridors towards the sitting room, the only appropriate entertaining space at this time of day. He gestured Potter to sit, lit the fireplace, started preparing tea. There were no thoughts in his head, but the ones engraved deep within him: you have a guest. Keep them comfortable. Keep them entertained. Offer them a drink –“Whiskey?” It left his mouth before he could even think. Potter looked at his wrist, where some muggle contraption was strapped around him, the glass reflecting light.“Mate, it’s barely 3pm.”Draco’s mind started racing in two very separate directions, which arrived at the same destination: anxiety. (It was always anxiety.)For one: he offered whiskey. Would Potter think him an alcoholic? Would Potter think Draco though him an alcoholic? There were instances, definitely, when day-time drinking was socially accepted. Was this one of them? Draco was doubtful.For two, and more importantly: Potter called him “mate”. And he didn’t seem horrified at his own words. In fact, he was sitting on what Narcissa called a fainting couch, a 500-year old antique masterpiece of carpentry with its original upholstery still intact, looking relaxed and comfortable. Nobody was comfortable on Narcissa’s fainting couch. It was not an item of comfort, much like the rest of the furniture littering the Manor, it was an item of discipline and of prestige.Draco’s mind continued running around in circles unhelpfully, not sure which of the topics-at-hand he should be addressing. Would it be imprudent to mention the last time Potter was here? Probably. Draco knew Granger still had the scar left, not unlike his own, both created here, under this very roof. He doubted this was a memory Potter would want to re-live, especially not today.Instead, he turned back to the teapot, warmed up the water with a quick charm and waited for the Darjeeling to steep. 3 minutes was all it took. They stretched for an eternity. He could feel the silence surrounding him, thick as tar and overwhelming. Potter was oblivious, if the quick glances Draco threw his way were anything to go by. At least some things haven’t changed since Hogwarts. He looked older than Draco remembered, but his glasses were the same as always, so were his eyes, and that infuriating, horrifying mess of hair – yet at the same time, there was something there Draco couldn’t quite put a finger on. Some sort of maturity, as if he grew into his skin since they last saw one another. It wasn’t immediately obvious, only came about upon a closer look, in the way he held himself. As if this face Draco could recreate by heart was no longer that same face. Quite like looking in the mirror – it is you, but it isn’t. Draco found himself missing that old face of Potter’s, the one he would always know what to say to, which sneer to evoke, which insult to throw. An instinct honed over six – no, seven – years.This new Potter looked completely out of place, in his jeans and t-shirt, muggle clothed, one leg crossed with the ankle resting casually across the thigh of the other. At the same time, however – and Draco could not quite understand how – he looked vital to the fainting couch, and to the room, and to the very air around them. At that very moment, Draco thought he had to keep him there. If nothing else, this was the proof of his insanity.The tea had brewed, and Draco poured it into delicate porcelain cups he hated using. It was dark and rich, the steam coming of the surface barely visible but the only alive thing in the stiff room. That, and Potter. Draco wasn’t sure of himself on that matter.“How do you take it?”His voice was too loud, too sharp in the silent room.“Black, please. You really don’t need to go through the trouble, Malfoy.”“It’s no trouble, please, it is the least I can do, considering the nuisance with the splinching business,” Draco faked nonchalance, faked a chuckle, marvelled at just how real it all sounded.“It wasn’t a nuisance, come off it. Happens to all of us.”Draco placed the cups on the low wooden table in front on Potter, then sat across in one of the uncomfortable high-back chairs. It made him sit straighter than he liked to, but father always said –“This is good tea, thanks Malfoy.” Potter was drinking it completely not like it was meant to be drunk. It was too hot, and he drunk too deeply, not appreciating each of its subtle notes. Draco bit his tongue to keep himself from saying things he would probably come to regret soon after. Potter, after all, had his wand easily accessible (back pocket of his jeans, because the boy never learns), and he seemed to have retained his command of it. Draco, on the other hand… well, the splinching wasn’t a surprise.“How’ve you been, Malfoy? It’s been a while.”“Well, thank you. How about yourself?” he mumbled the standard response, sounding stiff and unconvincing to his own ears. How does one small talk with ones once sworn enemy?“Great, thanks. Going to start teaching in September, I think. Providing I pass the rest of my tests.”This was unexpected on many levels – Potter volunteering information he did not need to give, swaying dangerously away from approved small-talk topics: exchange of pleasantries, what’s-in-the-news, the weather. And wait, did he say…“Teaching?”“Yeah. It’s exciting, right? Defence Against the Dark Arts, should be awesome.”He looked excited. It radiated off him, and his entire face changed, and became more what Draco remembered, that awkward kid at school he used to see all the time. Now to be a teacher.“And McGonagall made you take classes?”“Well I did miss the whole of our last year…”There it was, the awkward silence neither of them knew how to breach. Draco regretted lighting the fireplace. May was usually still cold in the Manor’s winding corridors and vast stone rooms, but now it felt too hot. He felt too hot.“I thought you were an Auror. Mother read something in the Prophet.”“Please Malfoy. I thought higher of you than to believe anything written in that piece of crap.”“You did?” This was news to Draco, and if the look of Potter’s face was anything to go by, he wasn’t alone in the conclusion.“Never mind that. No, I’m not an Auror. Thought I would be, back at school. Changed my mind after.”Draco was sure he had never had a conversation so uncomfortable before. Each word seemed to be ripped out of them by force, he felt he had to step on eggshells not to say anything daft. This was some sort of torture. He was finally being punished.“So – Hogwarts.”“Yeh. Hogwarts.” Potter put his porcelain cup down precariously hard, and Draco winced at the thought of the porcelain shattering. It was Narcissa’s favourite set. He probably shouldn’t have used it.Potter glanced at the wrist-contraption again, shot up in panic and nudged the table with his knee. The cup fell over.“Shit. Sorry. I have to run. Ridiculously late. Can I apparate from here?”“Go right ahead.”“Thanks for the tea. Was really good. And take care of that arm, yeah?”Draco nodded, not sure if an answer was necessary. Potter was rushing to get himself ready, having taken his jumper off at some time Draco did not even notice. Finally standing up a safe distance away from the table, he was about to turn, but stopped at the last moment.“Owl me if you need anything, alright? I’ve a lot of free time recently.” They were simple words, but the way he looked at Draco – openly, sincerely – was enough to set his skin on fire. Then, with a turn, he was gone.He might have never even been there. Only the empty, overturned, porcelain cup was left as proof. Draco picked it up. The lid was chipped.




Notes:

I have been gone for so long. I'm so sorry. If anyone is reading this after all this time - thank you for sticking around. Life has been hectic and had gotten away from me. Hope you enjoyed! Thought I'd update, since the anniversary was a couple days ago.










Chapter 4: Chapter 4
    




Chapter Text

Dear Potter, 

Following your visit to the Manor, I am finding myself wondering if things I had previously said need to be re-said, only in more appropriate tones.

The business with the war was nasty and I do not think you could ever understand how glad I am that it was you who stood victorious. The prospect of matters turning out otherwise wakes me up at night still. I cannot imagine how it must be for you. After all-
Draco ripped the parchment in half, scrunched it into a ball, threw it into the overflowing rubbish bin. It always went like this, although usually he managed to write more than “Dear Potter” before turning into the topic of what a colossal arse he was up until not that long ago. He’s been meaning to write a thank you note to Potter for taking care of him, for Merlin’s sake, not… this.And this was attempt number four.
Potter.

You broke Mother’s porcelain cup. It is her favourite set, and I cannot fix it because my magic cannot handle more stress than heating small quantities of water. That is apparently what happens if you corrupt wands with unicorn hair cores. Mother is away for the rest of the week, but I fear her rage and retribution upon arrival. There is nothing worse than an incomplete crockery set, after all. 

Do be so kind as to come by for a minute and fix it with your unmistakably unshaken magic, would you?

Malfoy.
There. That was better. Rude, obnoxious, entitled and – to top it all off – demanding. Just as he was in Hogwarts. Potter won’t even need to read the signature to know who that one is from.Another copy of the letter went the way of its predecessors.“Merlin, when is the last time you cleaned in here? Don’t you have house elves to take care of this?”Draco glanced back to see Pansy standing at the threshold of his room, looking polished and manicured as always, and distinctly out of place next to his discarded socks.“You know I’ve dismissed them all.”“Oh yes, of course. The post-war guilt trip you have sent yourself on. And all by yourself, too. How is that working out for you?”Draco found it rather funny, how every time Pansy came around he remembered just how terrible of a friend Slytherins made. And Pansy was a Slytherin to boot.“Joanna is a perfectly adequate housekeeper, thank you very much. I think you will find her rather charming.”“Because that is what you need in the help. Charm.”“Are you here for a reason, Pansy?”“Indeed, I am,” she sat herself on the edge of Draco’s desk, rifling through a stray book, “we need to go out. I knew you’d be sulking in the house by yourself, and I promised your Mother I’d make you see the sunlight at least once.”“I’ll have you know I went out, yesterday.”“Therapy doesn’t count.”“I didn’t have therapy,” Draco countered briskly, regretting his words immediately.“You did not quit.”“No. I did not quit.”Relief spread across Pansy’s sharp pointy features, barely noticeable and immediately hidden. Slytherin’s also made amazing friends, Draco remembered.“I’ve splinched myself on the way in.”“You are joking right?”He wasn’t of course, and a brief recount had Pansy laughing at his misfortune. Draco left out all the parts about how Potter was there, not entirely certain why and trying to reason away the guilt he felt at lying. Not lying. Just, omitting some facts. Immaterial facts. It had nothing to do with how Potter looked in the sitting room, comfortable and at home, and warmer than anything which had ever set foot in the Manor.***Going drinking with Pansy always ended up the same – with Draco feeling like dribbling idiot and Pansy looking like her usual immaculate self. No matter if they had split a butterbeer or polished a bottle of Firewhiskey each, her makeup didn’t smudge and not a single hair was out of place.Pansy insisted on visiting a new cocktail bar in Diagon Alley, the Nightjar. Draco was sipping his second Assassin’s Tea, a smoking mix of swirling red and silver which tasted surprisingly like a Ceylon brew, but the contents of which he could not even hope to guess. Pansy was flirting aggressively with the bartender, who seemed very much to be enjoying himself. Their last three rounds were on the house.The door opened, letting in cool air. For May, the weather had been rather unpredictable, with snow and hale just a few days prior. Very un-English-like. Draco looked towards the draft, trying to focus his eyes on a single distant point, and finding with some consternation that the point was focusing on him, too.“Malfoy?”“Hello.” His voice was weak and barely audible above the soft murmur of jazz. “Hello, Potter.” Stronger. Better. “And Granger, too. Hi. Fancy seeing you here.”Both of them looked a little bit sauced themselves already as they hovered above the table uncertain of what to do. It was clear that Potter had called his name rashly, without thinking about next steps or consequences. Typical Gryffindor.“Would you care to sit?”Drat. You’d think he, Draco, was too a Gryffindor. Before he could recount his invitation, Potter smiled a lopsided smile (which suited him too well altogether) and sat down. Granger followed, rather more reserved and unsure, but with a determination in her eyes which was impossible to mistake. You do anything to destroy Harry’s mood today and we will have a repeat of fourth year. Draco touched his cheek absentmindedly and saw a flash of self-satisfaction in the woman’s eyes.Before he could run away Pansy appeared, carrying four glasses of something the colour of the night. When she set them down on the table, the liquid, disturbed, shone like moonlight.“I took the liberty to order us a round of Moonshine. Bottoms up.”There was not a hint of awkwardness about her as she spoke to Granger and Potter as if they were good old friends, as if this was a planned excursion rather than an unfortunate happenstance they were too polite to get out of.“I hear you work in the Ministry, Granger? Executing your 10-year plan 5 years early?”She looked rather perturbed by the sudden exclamation and Draco wished more than he wished his magic to work again to take the words back.“That’s right. How did you know? And please call me Hermione, Granger is too… weird.”“Oh. Alright. Hermione.” He tried the name and it felt stiff and heavy on his tongue. “And Ron told me. In those exact words, I think.”The table suddenly turned quiet, the conversation between Potter and Pansy put to a halt.“What – when did Ron tell you that?” Understanding appeared on Granger’s face before she could stop the words, obviously knowing the only way she would not know what her husband was doing was in relation to his work, and this was no conversation to be had – with anyone – let alone with Draco, too many cocktails into the night, the first time they had seen each other since the war.“I’m so sorry. Please ignore the question,” there was horror on her face, but not one Draco was accustomed to, and that surprised him. It wasn’t pity mixed with annoyance, which was the expression his Mother adorned whenever the Foundation was mentioned. It was pure and simple, her own guilt at saying something she should not have. Draco found it refreshing.“Do not be sorry. It is quite alright. Ron is my therapist. He’s a bloody good one, if I may say. Although don’t tell him that, it will get into his head.”He knew he said the right thing by how she lit up, and by the way Potter smiled at him, directly and intensely, the smile Draco had seen so many times before, always focused on someone else, and now, right there in the dark bar, Draco felt stronger than he had in years.









Chapter 5: Chapter 5
    




Chapter Text
“Alright Draco, we have been doing this for almost two months now and it’s time for a progress check.”
There it was, the dreaded “p” word. Draco didn’t bother hiding a groan, shocking himself by it. He got comfortable around Ron, it would appear, enough to make sounds he never dreamt of making in front of anyone else. How’s that for progress?
He was feeling a little fragile after the previous night, having left the Nightjar with Pansy in tow only a couple drinks after Potter (the other dreaded P word) and Granger- and Hemione sat with them. If not for a million anxious thoughts rattling through his brain, he would have been inclined to call it a fun night. Instead, he worried about each word he said, each drink he drunk past his limit, and every single time Potter found him staring. There were too many. There’s only so much one can blame on alcohol.
“Come on mate. You know I need to get this back to my boss, or he’ll have me skinned.” Ron waved a few stapled pieces of paper at him, and Draco felt more inclined. He was obviously being manipulated, and he knew it. Ron used the head of the Foundation often enough since noticing Draco had an aversion to saying no bordering on pathological.
“Very well then, ask away.”
Draco made himself comfortable. Took off his sweater, trying to push away all thoughts of how it looked to do so in public, knowing them now to be only his anxiety talking. Since a session they had a few weeks back which Ron insisted on leading laying on his back on the soft, carpeted floor, such things didn’t matter. Not in this room, anyway. Outside was a different story.
“So, strictly speaking I shouldn’t know this, but Hermione can’t hold her tongue while drunk. I understand you went out drinking with my wife?”
“What? No!”
Draco was horrified, until he noticed the expression on Ron’s face.
“Oh! Well, I suppose I have. Sort of. I went out with Pansy. Your wife was there. Kindly refrain from making it sound like something illicit.”
Ron laughed, and Draco bristled. Bloody ginger. Always pushing buttons.
“My bad. That’s what I meant, of course. And Harry was there too, right?”
They’d avoided the topic since the first session, Ron clearly noticing it was a very sore one, but Draco supposed that shred of dignity he managed to hold onto has now come to pass. “That’s right.” He didn’t like how haughty his voice was. It always got like that when he felt defensive.
“Did you have a good time?”
Surprisingly innocuous question. “I did. Yes. It was... interesting. The drinks were good. Pansy got sloshed. Hermione is... well, incredibly interesting to speak to, but you would know, of course.”
He found himself recounting the evening, and it wasn’t as painful as expected. The few times he got himself stuck in a spiral of anxiety Ron carefully but firmly pulled him back out. It was a good evening, he decided in the end. Surprisingly so.
Again, as he found himself doing a lot since it happened, he remembered Potter in his sitting room and, lulled by the warmth and the easy conversation, let it slip out.
“Potter broke my cup.”
“I beg your pardon?”
“No, literally – when he helped me home. He nudged the table and Mother’s porcelain cup chipped. It’s her favourite set. I’ve been hiding it under my bed. I tried to write him about it, but...” he made a face. His Father would have hated the face.
Ron looked at him in silence for a moment, put down the papers and his muggle pen (he was very excited about it a few weeks earlier, when Hermione got it for him and showed him how to use it. It clicks! I sound like my dad, but it bloody clicks, and it’s bloody brilliant he said then).
“Since you mentioned this, there are a couple things here I wanted to touch on with you. Let’s start with the Manor.”
Draco had no idea where this was going, but he knew he was not going to like it.
“You’re twenty-one now. Isn’t it time to move out of your parents’ place? Ignoring the fact that it has a terrible effect on your health, what if you wanted to I don’t know. Bring someone home. A girl?” He looked at Draco, one eyebrow lifted enquiringly, and Draco scrunched his lips and made a not really, no move with his hand. “A bloke then. You can’t exactly do that there.”
If Draco thought that the revelation that he, a pureblood Malfoy, the only heir, was gay would rattle Ron or take him off this thought path, he was wrong.
“Look, I’m not going to make your decisions for you. But if you really want to get better, and you really want to move on – and let's face it, you do – you need to move out. That place is full of triggers. It’s no good for you.”
He couldn’t argue, and Ron must have noticed. How could he argue, when even his Mother have, for all intents and purposes, moved out? Sure, her winter wardrobe was still there, but she’d moved all her summer clothes to France, and he couldn’t really remember the last time he saw her.
“Ok, something for you to think about. Next thing. Have you considered getting a new wand?”
A new wand. He hadn’t, not until the moment Ron mentioned it, but five minutes after the session had ended he found himself outside of Ollivander’s. He walked past so many times he lost count until finally telling himself to stop being a child and just bloody do get on with it. He’s been stuck to the display since.
The door opened.
“Mr Malfoy, I implore you to stop darkening my doorstep. In or out, please.”
Ollivander was thin, beady-eyed and odd looking as always, and Draco found himself compelled to follow inside the shop.
“I think I need a new wand.”
“Well, I should certainly think so, after what your current one had gone through. I can feel it from here. All knotted up, poor thing.”
Draco tried – very, very hard - and failed to keep memories of Ollivander locked up in his basement at bay. Ron was right. It was time to move. He’d look for a flat as soon as this was done. Something small, and hidden. He wondered if anyone would rent to him, and decided that, if not, muggle London held some appeal.
Ollivander got him to try out too many wands for comfort, each one of them wrong. The shop was in tatters, boxes thrown from shelves and torn, all the chairs overturned. His right sleeve was blackened from where it caught fire on attempt number five. He started suspecting this was some sort of a perverse punishment, either from the old man or from Draco’s magic, and that he’d go through every one of the wands in the room just to find nothing fitted him, and he’d be stuck like this, no better than a squib, forever. He felt panic rising up inside him, hot and all-encompassing, and was only moving his hand on command, by muscle memory, close to tears he knew he’d never shed.
Then, finally, a rush of gold. Something in his blood unstuck, a relief of expelling stagnant magic flooded every ounce of him. Pure rapture of senses. All anxiety rushed out of him, making space instead for an honest excitement he had not felt in... he could not remember. He could sob for a whole new reason now.
“There you are, then. Unicorn hair, again. I guess you’re doing something right, Mr Malfoy.”
He left the shop not much later, the new wand safely hidden up the sleeve of his robe where he could run his fingers over the wood of it and feel a spark of magic jump between them. Holly, 10 inches, flexible. Unicorn hair. He was doing something right.
A moment of weakness, he wished to run back to the Foundation and show Ron, but at the same time wanted to keep it all to himself, this tiny, special feeling that threatened to burst his heart at its seams. He could go back to the Manor and spend hours conjuring illusions of tiny songbirds, until it was full of song and life again. For a moment, he forgot that the Manor was no longer a prison, recalled it only as the house he grew up in, where once upon a time his family were happy. The moment gone as he remembered his Father was in a grave at the edge of Manor’s grounds, and his Mother somewhere in France. While his owl could find her, he surely wouldn’t be able to.
That’s it, he thought, flat hunting, but of course he had no idea how to look for a flat, having never needed to organise his own property like that. He stopped on the pavement, trying to remember if there was some sort of an information point in Diagon Alley, someone he could ask – and then there he was again, Potter, the face he managed to avoid for three years, waving to him from behind the café window. He looked around. Yes, Potter was definitely waving at him, and more so – making very obvious gestures of come in and join me, and Draco cursed himself to Merlin and his disciples for standing right outside the shop Potter was having tea in.
“How is it that you’re suddenly everywhere I go, hmm?” Potter asked, mirroring Draco’s thoughts as soon as they were sat at the same table. Draco ordered an Earl Grey and lemon tart (because it looked rather lovely, with a lavender heart drew on top).
“Because the wizarding world is small, and I’ve only recently started leaving the house?”
Potter choked on his tea. It looked too milky and over-brewed, dark stains clinging to the sides of his mug. Draco did not mean to be quite that honest, but he got distracted by the first bite of his – delicious – tart, the words were out and he was sticking by them. If Potter wants mock him for it, then so be it. He can go to hell.
Well, if that’s not progress. Draco wasn’t sure if Ron would be glad of this shade of it, but it was rather Malfoy, if nothing else.
To his surprise, Potter took one look at Draco’s stone-set face and decided to side-step the topic all together. Tactful, and very un-Potter like, if his memory of their school days served him well.
“My plans got all cancelled suddenly. Hermione’s having a crisis, for the fifth time this week. Are you busy? I don’t fancy heading home yet.”
This was a strange game Potter was playing. He wanted to spend time together. Invited him in to share in tea. Was asking about his plans. A long-hidden part of Draco that he’d come to know as his Father’s voice whispered to him of ulterior motives and sneaky suspicions, but one look into the green eyes – open, honest, smiling – and he was sure none of that was the case. The weird man on the other side of the table, with his terrible tea and huge slab of cake, wanted to make friends with Draco. What an absolutely bizarre turn of events. It would not do. Draco could not, under any circumstances, spend any more time than necessary with the person most of his nightmares consisted of.
“I was going to look for a flat, actually...” he said, as a way of getting out of it without causing a scene, but the smile that broke on Potter’s face told him he’d gone the wrong way about it.
“Fantastic! I’ll join you; do you mind? Love looking at houses.”
Draco found he couldn’t respond.
“I know. It’s a really odd hobby. Ron never gets it, but when they were looking for their cottage... well, there’s something really special about seeing houses as they’re about to become homes.”
“You’re mad.”
“Yes, I suppose I am. Aren’t you too, thought?” Potter asked, smile on his face, not a shred of judgement or guard in his eyes. Draco felt himself relax and decided that yes, all signs point to yes. He is mad.
“Very well then, consider yourself invited. First order of business: how does one go about finding a flat?”









Chapter 6: Chapter 6
    




Chapter Text
Once Potter finished his obnoxious, maddening laughing fit and found it in himself to spare Draco, they contacted Ron through a strange muggle contraption Potter called a phone, which worked a lot like sending owls - only it was immediate.“Ron can barely get used to his, took him a bloody age, but since Hermione’s got one to talk to her parents it only made sense the rest of us get them, too.”Draco was fascinated by the multitude of buttons and weird, high pitched sounds they made as Potter tapped at them so quickly he could not track his fingers. Within minutes, Ron sent the details of the lady who helped him find the cottage.“Fascinating.” Draco could not help himself, and Potter handed him the brick like object, deceptively heavy. The writing on top said Nokia.Soon, Draco found himself following Potter from one flat to another, where Mrs Holley, a larger-set woman with a strong south London accent talked at them about virtues of sinks, cupboard space and, in muggle London, something called wifi. Draco couldn’t quite reconcile this with reality. Two months ago, “Potter” was just a word nobody spoke to him, and now they were looking for a flat together. No. Not together. Draco was looking, and Potter was there. Adjacent. Not attached. There is a difference. But still, he had to admit he was glad Potter was there. If not, then Draco would have had no idea to ask about the neighbours, or how the heating worked in winter, or to flush toilets and run taps and over-head showers simultaneously. Water pressure is extremely important, he said, you never know when you have guests who all want to use water at the same time. Draco doubted Pansy would need to run more than one tap at any given moment but he didn’t say so. Potter seemed to be under an impression that he had some friends left to speak of, and he couldn’t find it in himself to correct him.Finally, they stood in the empty space of a living room above a whisky shop in Diagon Alley. It was cozy, which was the word Mrs Holley (Rebecca, dear, call me Rebecca) used to describe small. One bed, one bath, open plan kitchen/living space. The floors were a nice rich brown wood, maybe aged oak. He could see a café out the window, bustling with life, and had a split second moment of living a different life, one where he got coffee and pastry from there, from a barista who knew him by name. They exchanged small pleasantries and talk of the weather, then gossip about other residents and shops. He drunk his coffee at the outside table in the summer, inside in the winter, with soft music playing through the café. Then he came up to his flat, sat at the window seat with a book – for some reason, a murder mystery with a romantic subplot – and read until the sun set. There were plants all around him, green and lush, and he brew potions for people who needed them, for free at first and only for friends and then realising this was something he could do, he made a business of it. Profitable, successful, and his very own. There was someone else there with him, at the café, at the window seat, in the kitchen grumbling affectionately about newt eyes and salamander spleens he didn’t clean up. He couldn’t tell who it was, and when he tried to focus on them, the image shattered.The room was empty again, the window seat with no cushions. Potter was asking questions about the options of running tv cables into Diagon Alley. Draco didn’t understand a word of it.“This is the one. I don’t care if the taps run funny, or if the floors creak, or if the upstairs neighbour is a vampire. When can I move in?”“Oh, that’s lovely dear, I am so pleased you like it. Have to check with the landlord first, you know how it is. Give them your information. I’m sure it will all go smoothly.”Just so, the remaining parts of the day dream Draco was still clinging on shattered. If the landlord gets his information, he will know who Draco is. What he did. Everything. He rubbed his arm the bad arm, the bad memory, the skin he wished to burn off with hot coals. Potter noticed.“When you do that, tell the landlord he has my recommendation,” Potter, butting his head in with his Saviour complex, saving the day, salvaging the situation. Rebecca visibly lit up. “And if that doesn’t do it, he can pay six months up front.”Draco wondered if he could actually pay six months up front. Potter was talking without checking with him, about his finances, with no shred of doubt. And this was only the third time they’d seen each other since the trials, since the war, since the snake, since...“And I’ll pay for it if need be.”And there it was. Potter wasn’t talking about Draco’s finances at all. The bastard was doing... well, Draco wasn’t sure what he was doing. He stopped rubbing at his sleeve, gathered his breath. He might be in the middle of an anxiety attack (Ron’s words), but this was out of the question, and out of order.“Potter, may I speak to you for a moment. Excuse us a second, Rebecca, would you mind?”Then, when they were safe out of earshot:“What on earth do you think you’re doing.”Potter’s face, sudden realisation, but covered in stubbornness. “You said this was the one. I’m making it happen.”“I don’t need you to make it happen. If they don’t want me because... because of whatever reason, then I’ll find something else. This is not the only place in town.”“No. But it’s the only one you liked. So stop being an idiot and let me help.”“I’m being an idiot? You hardly know me!”“I’ve known you my entire life. I will not have you lose out on something just because some people can’t see past scars or... or scars.”Potter’s voice was steadily raising, while Draco fell into his familiar anger-induced quiet drawl. At the mention of the unmentionable, they each took a look at Draco’s arm (which he had cradled against himself, protectively, without noticing) then at Rebecca.Potter took a deep breath, counted to five, let out. The same as Draco was taught by Ron in their first sessions. The thought was interesting, but he couldn’t tell why.“Look. I know this is weird. I may have overstepped. I definitely overstepped, in fact. But, if the landlord whoever it is has qualms with you, then we can do any number of things.”We, he said we. Suddenly checking tap pressure isn’t that weird. Maybe he’ll have more guests than just Pansy.What ridiculous thought.“Simple idea, you can live here no problem, and put my name on the rent payments although I'd not be involved.”“Well look at that, saint Potter here bending the rules for an ex Death Eater.”Something dangerous lit up in Potter’s eyes and Draco’s insides recoiled, but he stood his ground and made sure it didn’t show. It was the truth, after all. It was who he was, no matter the extraneous circumstances, the trails, the reasons, or anything else. The proof was on his arm. Permanent.But Potter didn’t hex him. Didn’t walk out. The glint turned into a smile, dangerous, slow, coy.“I’ll have you know I’d bend the rules in-”But he didn’t get to find out more about Potter’s rule-bending, although his fingers itched to know. Rebecca cleared her throat, loudly, seeking their attention.“While you two were talking, I spoke to the landlord. He’s more than happy to rent to you, Mr Malfoy.”The relief he felt was quickly mirrored by panic. This was an impulse decision. He had not spoken to Mother. How does one move? He had no problems paying for rent, but the Manor would stand empty. Does he dismiss Joanna? She’s a lovely woman, but there is no need for a housekeeper if the house is empty. Does he ask her to continue in this tiny flat? That seemed ridiculous. He’d have to learn how to cook. At least she wasn’t live-in. He’d pay her a good severance. Three months? Six? It occurred to him, briefly, how lucky he was to have money to throw at whatever problem came his way. Then, a proper thought, how much he hated that this money was half after his father.Rebecca rushed them out of the flat, saying paperwork needed to be completed, keys duplicated, contracts drawn up. He'd have it all by owl, in the morning, and was to move in the following Wednesday providing the deposit cleared.“You look pale, Malfoy. Paler than usual. Shock?”Draco nodded yes. Shock.How does one even go around moving?***How one went around moving was, it seemed, carefully. So far Draco has managed to give himself a nasty gash on the forehead and dislocate his finger.His wand had come in handy. He held it carefully at first, like glass, but now with renewed confidence and a bubble of excitement when water boiled to the exact temperature he wanted it at, when books flew across the room and into a neat pile, when his clothes folded and arranged themselves into immaculate squares. There was no replacing the feeling it gave him, even though he felt bad about abandoning his old wand, the same one Potter gave him back after the war, although not directly. It was delivered to him through an owl, from someone in the lower ranks of Kingsley’s newly formed Ministry. It must have been passed through a dozen hands before it got to him, and it never felt the same as before the war. Draco could never tell if it was because of him, and what he did, or because of the fact it forgot its allegiance, somewhere along the way.Joanna was sad to leave but only until he handed her the envelope. Then, she was no longer sad but rather ecstatic, bubbling away about the months she could take off now to spend with her granddaughter, even going as far as to showing him photos of a tiny, round, happy toddler. Draco didn’t know that Joanna was a grandmother. He supposed he didn’t really listen before.His Mother, well, they only spoke in letters. She was still abroad somewhere, although he’d now lost track of where. Greece? Italy? Somewhere warm and within Europe. Mediterranean. She mentioned the sea a lot.Narcissa didn’t mind him leaving.
If you need, my dearest, then leave. There is nothing left to do in the Manor. Level the whole place to the ground if that would make you happier, or burn it down. Or turn it into a museum, although I cannot presume what sort of a person would want to come in there of their own volition. In any case leave. Go live your life as you wish. I am here, and I always will be when you need me.
Draco kept the letter in a pocket near to his heart and re-read it when the move seemed like the stupidest thing he’d ever done, more so even then the Mark. The words stung a little, in moments – I am here, when he had not the faintest idea of where it was she went to, but they soothed him, too. Narcissa needed to get away too. He could not begrudge her that.When it was finally the day, he shrunk his belonging and Floo’d to the flat. He didn’t take much, only clothes and books, some special items he remembered from childhood which had not been tainted. His broom, his letters of acceptance from Hogwarts (hidden, safe, inside an obscure book about the uses of frost slugs). Hepatia, his owl, was not fond of the move until he opened the windows wide and let her out, and within minutes she came back with a mouse. They must have been easier to spot here than in the vast green landscape surrounding the Manor. The flat was warmer, too, and she seemed to relish in it, grooming her feathers contentedly in a sunny spot on the window seat. Draco already decided he’d make it more comfortable – now, just a wooden bench really – with pillows and throws. The image of sitting there reading was engrained deep inside him, and he saw it almost like a memory each time his eyes fell on the spot. And with it, just outside his field of understanding, just barely hidden in his subconscious, was that person, that presence, known but unknown, familiar but forgotten. Each time he focused too hard it was gone, like trying to remember a dream which falls through your fingers and out of your grasp. It left him frustrated and anxious in a whole new way he was not familiar with.An owl, unfamiliar one, large and tawny, fell through his window. It was missing one eye, but did not seem inconvenienced by it. Hepatia pecked at its wing, interested, with no malicious intent, and shared what was left of the mouse. Instant friends.There was a small box attached to it, with a note – Engorgio me. It was barely legible, what his Mother would call a chicken scratch. He took the box off the owl, who sat happily next to Hepatia and fell asleep, then followed the instructions gleefully.Only half way through the charm did he panic. He could not think of anyone that would send him a nice surprise box, save Pansy or Narcissa, but neither were that sentimental, and definitely didn’t write like that. It was too late however, the box enlarged into its true size. He opened it, reasoning that nobody who wished him harm knew where he is. Unless the landlords eagerness was due to some twisted sense of...It was a set of mugs. Large, proper stoneware tea mugs with a chevron pattern running around the bottom. Two of them, which felt intimate somehow. Not one, saying here is a mug for you. Not four, which is the typical number of mugs in a set. Two. Draco tried not to read into that.A small packet of Ceylon tea, his favourite. A box of chocolate truffles, scotch flavoured. A letter.
Dear Draco, 

(don’t judge me, I’m trying it out. It’s weird but would be weirder to say it out loud)

If I remember correctly, you’re due to move into the new flat today. This is a housewarming gift. Hermione helped me choose the tea, so if it’s bad you can blame her.

I hope it’s not bad. I hope the flat is what you wished it to be. Settle well. Then maybe give me a shout, once you’re comfortable. I’d like to stop by and see what you’ve done with the place.

Is that presumptuous? Probably, but recently I’m trying to do this thing where I don’t care what is said, and just do what I feel like. Telling you this is one of those things. As was sending the box. I hope you don’t mind.

Harry Potter.
Draco suddenly had more things to reconcile with. Harry Potter sent him mugs. And chocolates, which said curiously moreish on the box. And his favourite tea, even if Hermione chose it. That also meant more – that he spoke about him, and not in malicious terms, that he sought out help to make Draco – happy? Surely not. Briefly, Draco wondered if the tea was poisoned, but Potter had many chances to do something like that when they were house-hunting, and seemed content not to. In fact, now that Draco thought about it, he seemed just... content. With the whole lot of it.And that was something Draco could not reconcile with the image he’d cultivated over the last three years, of what their meeting would be like, if it happened again. The situation when he splinched himself he could excuse – Potter is not a person who kicks someone when their already down, not even someone like Draco. The bar – well, witnesses, alcohol, all of that changes the situation. The house hunting was an accident, although more of an intended one, since he followed (or rather, lead) Draco willingly, happily. Contentedly (there is was again).The mugs, the chocolate and the tea, they did not fit in the world that Draco had created.









Chapter 7: Chapter 7
    




Chapter Text
On the first night Draco slept on the floor in the living room, with a few blankets thrown over it for comforts sake. That’s how he found out that a draft came in through a crack in the wall, at feet level, below the window. White wall, cracked plaster just showing bricks underneath. Eye against it, Draco watched the outside world as one does through a key-hole. It looked different than from the window, with his view limited like this, and the cold air of early morning blowing in.

In one two three four five out one two three four five six seven eight in one two -

Breathing exercises. He woke up with a nightmare again, and felt rather disheartened by the fact. Later, when he spoke about it in their session Ron laughed at him. Obviously, you’re still having nightmares. It wouldn’t change over-night, mate. But tell me if it wasn’t easier to come down from it once you woke up than it would have been at the Manor. Draco had to admit it was. He didn’t wake into the same place where the nightmares happened – spotty, disjointed, not at all like reality, but at the same time exactly like it. He was looking for his wand and kept finding it broken – and then it wasn’t the wand at all. A stick. A ladle. A belt. And a laugh – the laugh was always the same. Then his mother.
But waking up here, where soft, golden light fell through his canted bay window, was easier. His window. His.
All of a sudden Draco had a stifling, freeing, confusing realisation that nothing had ever truly been his before. The Manor had been there for generations, and even in death was still his fathers. The bed in Hogwarts was temporary, borrowed, abandoned at term breaks. This place, although rented, was his. He chose it. It was his to care for, to live in, to do with as he pleased. If he wanted to paint all the walls in stripes of green and red, he could. He wouldn’t of course, but that was beside the point. It was his to furnish as he wished. Not with uncomfortable fainting couches or tiny little porcelain cups that broke when one blew in their general direction. Not with portrait after portrait of disapproving long-dead relatives. He could put anything he wanted in here. He could...
And that’s when Draco realised he didn’t know what he wanted. He’d never had a chance to develop a sense of himself beyond whatever label had been placed on him. Slytherin, Malfoy, Death Eater. Repentant, lost, broken. But that wasn’t who he was, was it? It couldn’t have been all there was. There were things he was good at: potions, sarcasm. And things he was bad at. Like making decisions for himself. That must have meant something.
He dragged himself up from the floor, away from the crack in the wall. It would have been a simple enough fix now that he had a wand which liked him again, but decided against it. There was something charming about the crack, a small imperfection which would have never been allowed in the immaculate walls of the Manor.
Tea first, then furniture. If he buys nothing, so be it.
Just as in his little fantasy he walked down the small staircase servicing his flat and the one above (curiously quiet in the day – maybe his neighbour really was a vampire), and emerged onto Diagon Alley from a tiny door cramped next to the entrance to the whiskey shop. A lovely, rich scent came from within. Draco made a mental note to stop by on his way back and buy himself a housewarming gift. Something that would go well with Ceylon tea and truffles.
Unlike his fantasy, the café was packed, the harassed barista barely spared him a glance beyond confirming the cost of one Earl Grey and a peach Danish. None of the tables had space. Someone had put milk in his tea, despite his very clear request not to. When a small child stepped on his foot, running around chocolate-fingered and screaming, he decided buying a kettle as soon as opportunity presented itself was prudent.
No matter. Minor setback.
So he bought the kettle, and a set of heavy-bottomed stone pans, brass pots, wooden ladles. A set of knifes, very sharp, which came with a recipe book for things like tagines and dals which he’d never heard of. It was still with a modicum of pride and wonder that he shrunk them, no problems, no explosions, no bodily harm, and wondered if that was how muggleborns felt when they first used magic. It was an amazing feeling, but came with a twinge of deep-seated, rancid self-loathing, like acid in his chest, pit in the stomach. After all, once upon a time he believed they should have been denied that feeling. And then acted on that belief.
A bed frame, a mattress, a throw of grey wool knitted with a lovely cable pattern. A rug, old and damaged, with a charm to it he could not resist. A white wardrobe with a mirror built into one side of the doors, large golden handles shaped like flowers in bloom. A table with one leg too short, made of walnut, and a book just the right size to keep the table steady. It was written by Lockheart, and even the shopkeeper was surprised they still held stock of them. Draco got it for half price when he said what it was for, and they both had a good laugh about it.
Then plants: aloe vera, basil, mint, and more, until he could no longer picture where to put them. Those he had sent straight to his house (his), shrinking plants never ended well for them.
Not one piece of the furniture matched, from the nice comfortable chair (yellow, with large blue flowers) to the floor-to-ceiling book shelves. But it was his, and he liked it, and all of it oozed comfort. Hepatia found herself a spot on top of the reading lamp he placed by the sofa (soft, dusty pink velvet). She seemed happy with it, and he definitely was, and that was all that mattered.
He put the kettle on the stove, preferring to boil the water the long way instead of using magic. Something about the time it took, the patience it required, the moment he was forced to do nothing else but wait for the water to slowly come to life. The mugs from Potter were not in a cupboard with the others, but instead on display, next to the matching egg blue tea and sugar pots. He did not want to examine his reasoning for putting them there very closely.
They were a gift. A housewarming gift. And he was warming up to his house. It was only polite to keep them where he could see them.
The tea was perfect.
***

Potter,


I am not trying. Calling you anything else would be simply weird at this point. You had been Potter for more years than I care to count. How fast the time has gone. Do you feel old? I feel ancient, sometimes.


Regardless: 


Thank you for the mugs, and the chocolate and the tea. Feel free to tell Hermione the tea was a perfect choice, although I highly doubt she’d be surprised. Has that woman ever made a bad decision? Well - she did marry Weasley. (and I can say this now, because as you know him and I spend considerable time together, and yes a lot of it is what he calls “banter”.)


I digress. Mugs, and chocolate and tea. They were all lovely. 


I would not be opposed to you stopping by one afternoon and trying them yourself. Not the chocolates mind you – those are long gone. But if you let me know in advance to when I can expect you, I will be sure to stock up. I also have a lovely bottle of whiskey, and what feels like infinite time. We are (the flat and I) connected to the Floo network now. If you happen to be in the area and prefer the muggle way, the door is also acceptable.


Having said that, I am reminded: should you not be sitting your NEWTs around now?


Kind Regards, 


Draco Malfoy


 

***

Draco, 


(I’m sticking by it)


Your owl is pretty neat. She seems to have made friends with Harold easily. Harold is still young, and was born without one of his eyes – as you must have noticed – and she’s being very protective and keeps bringing him food. It’s charming, but I have a lot of dead, half eaten mice in my living room all of a sudden.


Yes, I am currently studying – or rather procrastinating. Hermione is losing her mind over it. Her and Ron went back to do theirs when McGonagall did that year eight thing, so of course I’ve been hearing about it continuously. “Why didn’t you just go back with us then” and all that. It’s nice she cares, of course, so this is the only time you should hear me complain.

Exams should be done in about two weeks. Don’t have that much left. DADA exam was actually harder than I expected, considering. Apparently you can’t just use Expelliarmus and have it done with. Since it’s what I'm meant to teach, think I'll have to practice a bit soon. You up for a mock duel? It has to go better than it did last time – although the face on Lockheart, Merlin, not much can beat that.

I’d be delighted to stop by. Friday? 


Harry

***
He said delighted. That’s something. Draco didn’t know what – but definitely something.









Chapter 8





Chapter Text
It was only a day till Friday, but it dragged and stretched and Draco soon run out of things to clean. He was careful with it, unused to the sensation of soapy water and slippery cutlery. It made his skin itch, red with what he thought was the heat but turned out to be eczema.
As good enough reason as any to leave the house. He’d learned the potion to fix this particular issue of his very early on. Lucius made sure it was never seen, or spoken about, and presented him with gloves every opportunity. Black, always. Leather. It made it worse, but at least it was hidden, stopped Lucius from commenting. Impure. Explain to me, Narcissa dearest, how is my own son afflicted with such a thing. Or have you omitted something maybe, forgotten to mention some minor detail? Then red, blue, yellow marks on her arms, even though Draco was the spitting image of his father, down to every last strand of hair.
The apothecary was filled with smells which momentarily transported him to Hogwarts. Dark, damp corridors. Dungeons. Black cloaks floating behind a man he’d spent too little time remembering in the recent years. Snape’s death was worse than his fathers, and yet it’s been months since he’d graced him with thought. Guilt.
He bought what he needed, but didn’t stop there and soon he returned to his home (his) with too many vials to count. Bottles, small burlap bags of dried and fresh ingredients, jars of eyes and feet and hearts to compliment the many usable plants he’d purchased days earlier. He had many empty cupboards in his kitchen, cupboards he supposed normal people would fill out with plates and glasses, but soon they were not empty at all.
The eczema potion was something he could do with his eyes closed, and soon he had a small jar filled with white creamy liquid. It smelled like sage and like repulsion.
When, thirteen hours later, his fireplace coughed and spluttered and deposited a disgruntled Pansy on his well-loved rug, the kitchen counter was littered with bottles of various fluids. The flat smelled like a cross between a pond and Mungo’s.
Neither of them had said a word as Pansy took the place in, each mismatched item of furniture in turn. They stayed quiet as her eyebrows lifted higher and higher, until they disappeared beneath the perfectly trimmed line of her fringe. Still not a sound when her eyes finally landed at the mess in his kitchen.
In fact, Draco had not spoken to anyone in days, save for casual pleasantries exchanged with various shopkeepers, and that didn’t count as speaking, not really. After all – they didn’t care what he had to say, and regarded him with little to no interest. Suddenly he wondered if, when he finally tried to say something, his voice would break and crack, and was overwhelmed with an itching desire to scream, but also a paralysing fear which stopped him from saying anything at all.
Finally, after a century, Pansy: “I hear you moved.”
In the rush of excitement and newness of it all he’d forgotten to owl her. Guilt, more, again.
“Your mother very kindly informed me where I can find you, after I had spent a few days searching for you around the Manor, and at the bottom of the pond. Imagine my surprise when I had been given your new address via Italy.”
There was a deceptive calm in her voice, which Draco knew was much worse than if she were openly angry.
“It was rather shocking. I thought – surely, Draco, my best friend who cares for me so very much would not forget to tell me something so vital. And yet here we are.”
She picked up imaginary dirt from her burgundy cloak. Draco offered her a cup of coffee, silently.
“Least you can do really, don’t you think?” This time there was hurt in her voice and Draco hurriedly set about preparing the coffee. Exactly the way she liked it, black, full of sugar, hint of cinnamon.
They settled around his low coffee table, her on the pink velvet sofa, him of the yellow high-backed chair. She noticed the book holding the table up and raised an immaculate eyebrow up at him, some humour leeching back into her face. “It was on sale,” Draco supplied, and she snorted into the cup. His voice didn’t break.
“You’re making things again.” She was looking at his various potions.
“I am. It was only to be the one but... do you need any Pepper-up? There are at least five bottles there. Everything else is marked, help yourself.”
She came across the small jar of white too quickly. “Thought you had this under control?”
“I did the dishes. The washing up liquid and I had a slight disagreement, think it shall have to be replaced.”
Pansy picked herself up a myriad of bottles and Draco was rather pleased to be able to see the wood of the kitchen counter again. Shrinking and putting them one by one into her leather bag, she picked the topic up again. Why had he moved. Why not tell her. And he told her – about Ron, about the wand, then the flat, but his tongue stopped when it came to Potter and he left all of that out. As far as she was aware, they had not seen each other since the Nightjar. Draco decided that introspecting about why he’s lying by omission was something he’d probably have to get to sooner or later. Later was good. The introspection would have to involve reasoning behind why Potter’s mug (the mug from Potter, rather) was left untouched on the counter, and why instead he rummaged in his barely organised cupboards for something to make Pansy’s coffee in.
Pansy understood. She always did, even when it was beyond what a reasonable person should be expected to understand at all. She understood when he didn’t leave the Manor for five months straight, and later, when he only left it for therapy, and only under duress. When he dismissed the House Elves and told them they were free, so go wherever they bloody wish to. Most of them didn’t, and broke down into tears, so he sent them to Hogwarts instead. At least they were well cared for there. And Pansy didn’t judge, although she teased him about it something chronic.
Now, she was giving him a look. The one that meant I know you don’t want to talk about whatever it is you don’t want to talk about, and I’ll give you some time and space but you better be ready to speak about it soon, or I’ll pry it out of you and it won’t be pretty. Slytherin’s made terrible-fantastic-friends.
Once he assured her that yes, he was still going to see Ron, and no he did not miss the session this week for reasons beyond moving (both on a Wednesday, bad scheduling on his own part), she made him promise to write before making any more life altering decisions and disappeared, one perfectly pronounced address into his fireplace, the smell of smoke, then an empty flat.
Even then – after his first guest was gone, Draco realised belatedly – the flat did not feel empty. Not like the Manor used to, with unending cold corridors, cellars full of sounds which no longer rung, and judge-y portraits. When the Manor was full it felt empty still, whereas here, the warmth of the sun falling through the south—facing window was enough to make him feel accompanied, somehow. Draco wondered if that was the final proof that he’d lost his mind, but for the first time in the long time he felt fully in control of his own faculties. Strange feeling, easy to shatter, breakable but strong. Gone when he examined it too closely.
It was a couple hours until he’d expect Potter to turn up, but he double checked the letter confirming the appointed time, just in case. He stashed it, carefully, in a wooden box he’d bought from the apothecary the day before, and which judging by the smell was once used for storing dried herbs. All of Potter’s letters were in there and nothing else. Draco thought to himself, grimly, that if all else went to shit someone was sure to pay a hefty price for the Golden Boy’s correspondence to an ex Death Eater – but it was a thought which formed as a remnant of his father’s words, rather than Draco’s own. It’s not a course of action he’d ever really entertain.