Chapter 1: Opportunity
    




Chapter Text
The owl from McGonagall was one of the most important pieces of post Harry had ever received, his acceptance to Hogwarts notwithstanding. He’d been woken by the clacking of her beak on his window, loud in the pre-dawn light. He stumbled out of bed, shoving glasses onto his still sleepy face, groping in the pockets of the jacket he’d slept in for a knut or two to pay her. Blinking away the sleep, Harry’s heart sped up at the Hogwarts crest pressed into the seal. The handwriting was vaguely familiar but there were few people from Hogwarts who would be writing to Harry. The address was clear – Mr. Harry Potter, The Attic, The Burrow, Ottery St-Catchpole, Devon. It was odd to see a Hogwarts letter still addressed in emerald green; he generally associated the colour with Dumbledore. Harry ripped it open and a sheaf of parchment fell out. As he flicked through the sheets, his jaw dropped open. Hands slightly shaking, Harry sat down, fumbling his way back to the first page – a letter addressed to him.
 

Dear Mr. Potter,

With the recent disruption to the school environment, the staff of Hogwarts have decided to offer students the opportunity to repeat one year of their schooling in order to maximise their future opportunities. Our records indicate you have not completed your N.E.W.T. studies at this time.

If you would be interested in re-enrolling as an eighth-year student with a view to sitting N.E.W.T.s at the end of the coming academic year, we would be pleased to have you. A booklist is enclosed, along with information regarding your studies, accommodation and changes to school policies. If the provision of books, robes, a wand or other equipment is problematic, please contact the school as funds are available to support students who have been affected by recent events in the wizarding community.

Should you require accommodation earlier than the beginning of term, kindly send an owl as soon as possible to inform us of your travel plans. Please remember that all students, past and present, may rely on Hogwarts as a place of ongoing support, regardless of their situation. Should we be able to assist you in any way, contact any member of staff for an immediate response.

We await your owl no later than August 31.

Yours sincerely,

Minerva McGonagall

Headmistress 
 Harry blinked and re-read the letter. Was it serious?“Harry!”At the sound of feet clattering on the stairs, Harry knew the others must have received similar letters. Ron and Hermione burst into the room, chattering excitedly, and he let them sweep him downstairs, where more of the Weasleys had collected in the kitchen. It was the most noise he’d heard here since the Battle; the loss of Fred had silenced the happy bustle of the house. Even the extra guests – Hermione and Harry returned to the Burrow immediately from Hogwarts – had not raised the noise level. Hushed whispers and choked sobs had become the norm; even now, weeks later, it wasn’t uncommon to walk into a room and find someone crying, either alone or in the arms of another. He sat and listened as everyone else spoke, watching shaking fingers clutch at parchment – Ginny’s, Ron’s, Hermione’s, George’s and his own. Everyone that would have been a student last year, plus George. Harry wondered if McGonagall had intervened there, given the colourful manner in which Fred and George had announced their departure from Hogwarts almost two years earlier.From the sound of it, just about everyone was considering returning; only George and, to his surprise, Ginny, were talking about turning down the offer. It sounded as though she and George had been talking about continuing Weasley’s Wizarding Wheezes together. While Ginny lacked George’s enthusiasm for jokes and pranks, she was far more business savvy than he.As Harry watched her he realised they were already starting to take different paths. For him, there was no question about returning to Hogwarts. It was more of a home than anywhere he’d ever been, and right now, it meant comfort and a familiarity he needed desperately. The Weasleys were like family of course, but as they all grieved the loss of Fred, Harry felt the distance keenly. He had not known Fred as a boy, did not remember the family moments discussed as they tearily reminisced. He wondered if Hermione felt the same; perhaps her relationship with Ron made her feel closer than Harry felt. Either way, he wanted to return to Hogwarts for a while before…whatever came next.+++As it turned out, Harry returned to Hogwarts far sooner than he’d anticipated. The morning the letters had arrived, after the group had drifted apart, he and Ginny had ended up sitting alone at the kitchen table. He’d asked her about her plans with George, and as her quiet voice outlined their ideas, Harry knew he would never ask her to resume what they’d had. They were both broken, but while he wanted to go back to seek some comfort in the familiar before deciding what his life would hold, she was looking forward, seeking new challenges. When she stopped talking, he’d told her how great it sounded, and the look she gave him told Harry everything he needed to know. She knew they were over, too. He wouldn’t have to try and explain.That day he’d written to McGonagall accepting his place at Hogwarts and asking how early he could arrive. Ron and Hermione hadn’t understood why he was leaving so early; in truth, he didn’t explain too deeply, not wanting to offend any of them by insinuating he felt excluded.“Just need some time to myself, you know?” Harry said, and though they had nodded, he could see they really didn’t understand. He’d smiled lamely and turned to pack.Two days later, Harry left the Burrow. He’d elected to spend a few days at the Leaky Cauldron, picking up what he needed in Diagon Alley and visiting Gringotts. It was remarkable how quickly the long crooked street had recovered, he thought, sitting at what had been Florean Fortescue’s Ice-cream Parlour. Florean had not returned after the War, and a nephew of his had taken over the business. Harry thought he would always like Florean’s sundaes better, but he didn’t tell Felix that. He sat at a corner table, eating his ice-cream slowly and watching people walk by. He’d cast a Disillusionment charm over himself, as was his habit when going out in public in the wizarding world. The attention he garnered was slowly dying down, but it didn’t hurt to be a little inconspicuous. All things considered, he’d rather not be famous for killing the man who had killed not only his parents but most of the people he’d come to rely on. Nothing would bring back Sirius, Lupin, Tonks, Dobby, Dumbledore, or the scores of others whose deaths were the result of Tom Riddle’s fear and arrogance. The last thing Harry wanted was to relive it with every person who passed him by.+++The day before he was due to leave – he’d chosen to Apparate to Hogsmeade before walking up to the castle – Harry gritted his teeth and braved Diagon Alley without Disillusioning himself. It was too difficult to catch the shopkeeper’s attention when he was Disillusioned; only a hard pinch to Felix made him focus enough on Harry to notice him. Harry felt himself shrink as curious eyes tracked him, the whispers following him down the street; he concentrated so closely on the booklist that he walked right into someone coming out of Knockturn Alley.“Harry!” Harry braced for another onslaught of questioning, but to his relief it was the round face of Neville Longbottom that looked back at him.“Neville,” Harry said with genuine pleasure. He’d not seen anyone since the day after the War had ended; all he knew about Neville was that he and his gran were both alive. “How are you?” They moved out of the traffic, finding a small nook to continue their conversation.“Well, yeah,” Neville said, with the nonspecific answer everyone seemed to use nowadays. Harry always interpreted it as, ‘Terrible, but isn’t everyone? At least I’m alive.’“Me and Gran are just straightening everything out at home. She hates to admit she’s getting older, and things recently weren’t easy.”Understatement of the year, Harry thought wryly.“Are you coming back to Hogwarts?” Harry asked. He was surprised at the shy grin that came over Neville’s face at the question.“Kind of,” Neville said in his unassuming way. “Professor Sprout visited me last week. She’s wanted to retire for a while now, and,” his face grew even redder as he admitted, “she offered me a job. I’ll be helping her in the greenhouses and in a few years I’ll hopefully take over.”Harry was filled with something he couldn’t identify for a moment, then realised it was joy. He was pleased for Neville. “Wow, that’s great,” he said, making an effort to grin broadly at the still blushing Neville. “What does your Gran think about it?”“She’s proud as anything,” Neville said, the amazement evident in his voice. “Told everyone at her Walking Witches group. I can’t wait, it will be so good to just…” he trailed off.“Yeah,” Harry said. A small part of him was envious of Neville, who appeared to have the ideal job just dropped in his lap. But seeing the shy pride in Neville’s face put paid to that. “Well I’ll be seeing you there,” Harry told him, “I’m coming back to do N.E.W.T.s.”Neville’s eyes lit up. “Really? That’s excellent!” He hesitated. “Do you think you’ll take Herbology?”“Yeah, of course,” Harry said immediately. He hadn’t really thought about what he would study – he assumed he would pick up where he left off, which meant Defence Against the Dark Arts, Potions, Transfiguration, Charms, and Herbology.“Great! Well I’m just off to try and find some Venomous Tentacula seeds, we used them all up, you know,” Neville said. Another Battle reference, Harry understood. People had become experts at Not Mentioning The War, and most people were equally good at Understanding What You Meant When You Were Not Mentioning The War.“Okay, I’ll see you at Hogwarts, then,” Harry said. He and Neville parted ways and he felt much better about returning to school. At least there would be one friendly face he could talk to if he needed to.Harry pulled out his booklist again and made his way towards Gringotts, avoiding Weasley’s Wizarding Wheezes without thinking about it. He would need to start from scratch when it came to school supplies; it was a good thing his vault was so well-stocked. At least he wouldn’t need to buy a wand, though Ollivander had opened his shop immediately after Voldemort’s fall. He’d been quoted in The Quibbler as saying he felt at home nowhere more than in his shop, surrounded by old friends. Harry knew the feeling. He’d visited with the old man earlier in the week, talking of nothing in particular. Harry had shown him his repaired wand, over which the gnarled fingers had passed with a tenderness usually reserved for small babies.“I am pleased for you, Harry,” Ollivander had said. “The two of you bonded so deeply, I doubt you would find satisfaction with any other.”Harry had to agree. Right now, he was just pleased it was one thing he didn’t have to buy. As it was he had a long list: trunk, complete sets of robes, broomstick, quills and ink, books and equipment as well as potions ingredients to buy. And that wasn’t including the Muggle money he’d spent on new Muggle clothes and shoes and a new pair of glasses (he’d asked for the exact same frames as his old ones – it was one small thing he could keep the same). Most of the shops were happy to send his purchases on to Hogwarts, which would make his walk from Hogsmeade up to the castle far easier.At Madame Malkin’s, his last stop, Harry arranged for his new robes to be sent to Hogwarts. As he turned towards Fortescue’s Ice-Cream Parlour, a movement caught his eye. Harry stepped towards the window, a wave of sadness coming over him as he stared into the window of Eeylops Owl Emporium. It would be so strange being at Hogwarts without Hedwig; he’d missed her more being back at the Burrow than any-time since she’d died. The familiar space accentuated her absence, he supposed, watching a barn owl stretch its wings restlessly. He turned away, the good feeling after seeing Neville now wiped out between the low level of anxiety he felt in the whispering crowd and seeing the owls. He’d go back to the Leaky Cauldron, make sure his brand new trunk was packed for tomorrow, and get a good night’s sleep. It was bound to be draining, returning to the castle.









Chapter 2: Decision
    




Chapter Text
The sensation was never comfortable, though it was now familiar. Harry gasped as the crushing pressure relented and he opened his eyes, relieved he’d managed to Apparate without Splinching himself. The light was dimmer here than in London, plus he’d Apparated right out of his room to the outskirts of Hogsmeade. Looking around to orient himself, Harry recognised where he was – it was the lane where he had once tried to fool Malfoy. Wearing the Cloak he’d thrown snowballs at Malfoy in retaliation for the foul stuff he’d been saying to Ron and Hermione. He’d thought the memory would make him smile, but it did not. The whole thing was so silly now, compared to the events of the past few years. Why hadn’t he just ignored Malfoy? They’d been almost as bad as each other, really, neither missing an opportunity to throw nasty looks or retaliate for any given slight. Such schoolboys, Harry thought. How much older he felt now, though it was barely twelve months since the end of sixth year.There was no snow now – it was summer, after all – and Harry looked down the hill at the township. He’d aimed for somewhere out of the main street, not knowing if he’d want to head into town or make his way immediately up to the castle. The last time he was here, he, Ron and Hermione had Apparated right into the middle of the town square, setting off the Caterwauling Charm in their desperate race to the Horcrux hidden at Hogwarts. Only Aberforth had saved them from the Death Eaters that night. Harry shook off the shiver that made its way up his spine at the fear that still prickled at the memory. He would have to visit Aberforth to pay his respects, thank the man for what he did – saved their lives, saved the whole world, probably. Now, though, Harry just wanted to get himself settled into wherever it was the school would be housing the Eighth-Year students. He hadn’t received a response from McGonagall but assumed she was expecting him; the letter had been quite emphatic that any student would be welcomed should they need assistance.As he strode along the path away from Hogsmeade, Harry wondered if that extended to Slytherin House students. Most of them were entirely innocent, of course, but others…a small part of his brain reminded him that they too had lost friends in the Battle – Crabbe had died almost in front of Harry, and The Daily Prophet had said other senior students had returned to the castle to support Voldemort. Harry remembered too, that several Death Eaters had been sentenced either to imprisonment or banishment, their wands snapped, turned out of the wizarding world forever. His face was impassive as he thought of the waste of life. The only thing he could do now was look forward, try and move forward.It wasn’t as easy as all that of course, for The Boy Who Saved The World, as The Daily Prophet has proclaimed him. As if The Boy Who Lived wasn’t bad enough. He’d stopped reading it after that, having no need for anything the blatant exaggeration had to offer. The net result was that he couldn’t walk down any wizarding street without being recognised. That in itself wasn’t unusual, but while he’d previously had to endure taunts, nasty looks or mistrustful glances, Harry found the air of guilt much harder to bear. The first day he’d been in Diagon Alley, several people had asked his forgiveness for their previous disbelief in his story; still others had thanked him for his efforts. It was more difficult than he’d anticipated, hence his new habit of donning the Cloak. If it didn’t die down, how would he find work? Unless he mastered disguises, Auror work would be difficult (the memory of Tonks and her different noses made him smile briefly), and what else was there he wanted to do? Nothing he had considered captured his interest (and there had been hours and hours at The Burrow and Fortescue’s Ice-Cream Parlour). As it was, he had decided to study for his N.E.W.T.s with Ron and Hermione and decide later in the year. If nothing else, the qualification would allow him more options.His reminiscences had brought Harry to the edge of the grounds now. The fences had been repaired in the weeks since the Battle, and he stepped hesitantly across the threshold. Automatically his gaze travelled down to Hagrid’s hut; there was no sign of life, though the vegetable patch was thriving. Harry’s eye was caught by a low stone building that sat beside Hagrid’s Hut, its length skirting the edge of the Forest. He wondered if that was where the Eighth-Year students would be housed. The house dormitories would be full; there would have to be some addition somewhere.Having not spied Hagrid, Harry instead made his way to the main doors. It was strange, arriving in the middle of the day on his own. The castle was quieter than he remembered; even on the days he’d had to stay behind while others visited Hogsmeade, younger students were still around. As he stood in the entrance hall, Harry wondered if he would pause at every room to adjust his view of the space. Memories flooded over him, from his time as a student and the Battle alike. It was a struggle to reconcile those images with this quiet, tidy space, empty as it was. Even the ghosts were nowhere to be seen. His footsteps were loud as he crossed the flagstones, and it was only the murmur of the portraits that accompanied him on his way up to the Headmistress’ Office. The gargoyle had been fixed; it stood as impassive as ever, awaiting the password.“Er,” Harry said, realising he hadn’t a clue what the password could be. Dumbledore had used types of sweets; what would McGonagall use? As Harry considered her, an image of her tartan dressing gown rose in his mind. “Tartan?” he said tentatively, jumping a little as the gargoyle leapt aside. Okay, still very Scottish, he thought. It was a comforting thought. Some things should not change.“Enter,” McGonagall’s voice sounded from inside after Harry knocked. He couldn’t stop his eyes raking over the room as he stepped through the door; it was largely the same as it had been Last Time. All his memories were comparisons with Last Time, he was realising; some were more difficult than others. That was part of his reason for returning, of course – to replace some of those terrible images with quieter ones. As he glanced up at the portraits, a few waved and one or two appeared to ignore him. Dumbledore was asleep, glasses sliding sideways off his nose.“Good morning, Mister Potter,” McGonagall’s voice pulled him out of his reverie.“Good morning, Professor,” Harry replied automatically. Like the rest of the room, Minerva McGonagall looked exactly the same as Harry remembered. Oddly, his brain supplied the memory of Before, when she had been a teacher, his Head of House; not the wild-haired woman leading a herd of galloping desks down a hallway, blood streaming down her cheek.“Have a seat, Potter. Have you eaten?” Harry sat and nodded.Professor McGonagall waved her wand anyway, a tea set and plate of sandwiches appearing on the desk."Help yourself,” she directed him, pouring them both tea. “How did you find Apparating?”“Fine,” he said thickly through a ham and chicken sandwich.McGonagall frowned. “While I’m glad you didn’t Splinch yourself, you will have to sit the Exam this year, Potter. You do need to be licenced to Apparate.” Harry nodded. “Just sign yourself up and you can skip the course,” she continued.Harry nodded again, a flash of memory – hoops on the floor, a voice trilling, 'Destination , Determination, Deliberation'.“Thank you, Professor,” he managed finally.She shook her head, tut-tutting as she sipped at her tea. “Everything’s still higgledy-piggledy,” she said, and Harry understood what she meant.“Thank you for having me back, Professor,” he said, fiddling with his teacup.McGonagall’s expression softened as she watched him. “Of course,” she said. There was a pause. “Life does go on, Potter.” Her voice was quieter, the Scottish accent more pronounced in the silence of her office. Even the portraits were quiet, most of the frames empty as they had drifted into other portraits in other rooms. “It’s never quite the same, but it does go on.”Harry nodded automatically. He’d heard many variations on the idea over the last week in particular. The fact was clear enough, but how to do it was the question he kept asking himself. Casting around for something to change the subject, he blurted, “I ran into Neville Longbottom in Diagon Alley.”Professor McGonagall made a noise of approval. “Yes, he and Professor Sprout will do well together, I think. She has been talking about retiring for years. Mr. Longbottom is the first student she feels has the necessary skill and enthusiasm to carry on the greenhouses to her standard.”Harry smiled. “Neville was pretty excited. He said his Gran was proud of him.”“As she should be,” McGonagall replied briskly.There was an awkward silence, so Harry changed the subject once again. “Are many others coming back for eighth-year, Professor?”McGonagall accepted the change of subject with grace, her tone becoming more business-like as she sat up straighter. “A number of students have expressed interest in returning,” she told him. “We will be a bit crowded this year, I think.”“I saw a new building near Hagrid’s,” Harry said. “Is that…”“That is the eighth-year dormitory, yes,” McGonagall confirmed. “I’ll be speaking to each student as they arrive. You read the information in your letter, I trust?”Harry nodded. He’d wanted every bit of information he could get his hands on.“Good. Then you know there have been some changes at Hogwarts. Traditions are all well and good, but if we cannot see the error of our ways and change…” She shook her head. “I do not believe that tenacious ideas are necessarily more worthy than new ones,” and Harry saw the prim mouth tighten a little. It was comforting in its familiarity.Clearing her throat, she went on, “So far we have ten eighth-year students confirmed for this year. You will all be housed together in the eighth-year building. You will find your things in the boys’ dormitory. There is a Floo fireplace set up, connected to all the House common rooms so you may visit at your convenience.” She gave him one of her most severe looks. “As you are all of age, it has been decided to allow eighth-year students markedly more autonomy than other students. You may visit Hogsmeade at your leisure; we only ask that you let someone know where you are, and that you dine each evening with the rest of the school. Drunkeness will not be tolerated.” Her look deepened, and Harry hastened to nod emphatically. “You will attend N.E.W.T. classes with the seventh-years; timetables will be distributed as usual before classes commence.” She thought for a second as though trying to remember what else Harry needed to know. “Questions, Potter?”Harry shook his head. “No, Professor.” He glanced around, still absorbing the idea that he was back at Hogwarts. “Oh,” he said, a question coming to him as he stood up to leave. “When are the other eighth-years coming?” The phrase sat oddly in his mouth – anything after seventh-year sounded strange.“I’m sure you know Ron Weasley and Hermione Granger are returning?” she asked, then continued, “They are expected on the Hogwarts Express, as are,” she consulted a list conjured from mid-air, “Susan Bones, Justin Finch-Fletchley, Terry Boot, Padma Patil, Daphne Greengrass and Ernie MacMillan.”Harry nodded. He wondered why Parvati was not returning, but dreaded the answer. So many people didn’t made it through the Battle. Instead he went back over the names. He knew all of them to talk to except Daphne, a Slytherin. It was a relief she was the only Slytherin; perhaps it would mean a quieter year.Before he could open his mouth, McGonagall continued. “There is one other student who has already arrived.” She looked at him for a moment, and with a burst of foresight, Harry knew who she was going to name.“Not Malfoy,” he found himself saying.“Draco Malfoy arrived several days ago,” she told him. Harry blinked in disbelief. “I know you and he have…history,” the Headmistress added, “and I know,” she held up a hand, stopping his protestations, “I know, Potter. But as I said in the letter you all received, all students may rely on Hogwarts as a place of ongoing support.”Harry knew his face was showing his anger and shock at the news.“I have spoken to Dumbledore,” McGonagall went on. “He has appraised me of Draco’s home situation while he was a student here. It was not an easy environment in which to grow up, and independent thought was not encouraged. It is not my place to tell you his story, but you might do well to ask him.” She levelled him a severe look. “You and he need to put aside your enmity for this year, Potter. I will not tolerate either of you holding onto old grudges. Is that understood?”“Yes, Professor,” Harry bit out. He was furious, barely seeing the halls as he made his way downstairs and out of the castle. Reaching the castle door, he was at a loss for a destination. He wasn’t in the mood right now to visit Hagrid, and if he went to his dormitory there was a good chance Malfoy would be there. Hesitating, Harry decided what he really needed was to fly for a bit, clear out the anger churning in his stomach. He’d grab his broom and head out, ignoring Malfoy if they happened to cross paths.Harry was in luck. He entered the eighth-year building with trepidation; it was blessedly empty. The door opened onto a mudroom, which led into a small common room; boys’ bedroom on the left, girls’ on the right, corresponding bathrooms behind. Entering the boys’ dormitory, Harry was disappointed to see just the one room, six beds ready for their occupants. The dressings were white with the Hogwarts crest. Part of the solidarity McGonagall had spoken of in her initial letter, no doubt. Harry saw only one bed with the covers rumpled; it must be Malfoy’s. His own things had been placed on the opposite side of the dormitory, furthest from the bathroom. Grateful the room was deserted, Harry grabbed his broom, gloves and scarf before leaving quickly.It was glorious to fly again. Not for Quidditch, nor to escape Death Eaters; just to fly, skimming the water of the lake, soaring above the Forbidden Forest, his fingers becoming numb despite his dragon-skin gloves. Harry had bought the best broom Quality Quidditch Supplies had in stock; it was ridiculously expensive, but he hadn’t cared. Flying was such an integral part of him, and Harry wanted to be able to escape, the roar of wind in his ears blotting out everything else. He flew until his fingers were completely numb before coasting back down to settle on the Quidditch pitch. Another place with mixed memories. Here, he’d won the Quidditch Cup; fought Dementors, real and fake; almost swallowed his first Snitch. Harry sat in the middle of the pitch, wishing he’d brought a flagon of pumpkin juice, opening and closing his fingers to try and get the blood flowing again. He’d needed it, blowing away the anger and frustration at McGonagall’s earlier news. Now that the burning was gone (or tempered, at least), he could think about it more clearly.Malfoy had returned to Hogwarts.Harry had mixed feelings about it. Part of him wanted to be righteously angry, to refuse to allow Malfoy back. Why should he have the chance to study again, when so many did not? He shouldn’t be able to just pick up his life, when he’d helped to destroy so many others. Try as he might, Harry could not summon the same level of anger again. While that one part of his brain raged and roared against it, the other brought up a slew of other images of Malfoy. Bent over a sink in a deserted bathroom, sobbing at the futility of his task; shaking as he pointed his wand at Dumbledore, unable to shape the words that would end the old man’s life; eyes wild as they sprawled over the floor outside the Room of Requirement, Fiendfyre licking at his boots.Harry tried to remember the Malfoy of earlier, the snide tone of voice, the vicious joy he’d gotten out of wielding his power as a member of Umbridge’s Inquisitorial Squad. Those images were faded, and he had the same sense of distance as he’d felt while remembering the snowballs standing outside Hogsmeade. They were schoolboy memories, children’s grudges and animosities. Before Malfoy had met Voldemort, Harry’s brain explained. Before he really knew what evil really was.Another memory came to him, one that was clouded in fear and pain. At Malfoy Manor, when Harry, Ron and Hermione had been captured, the Snatchers had suspected Harry’s real identity. Dragged before Malfoy, Harry had been certain his name would be declared; instead, Malfoy had refused. And not just refused; he had been frightened, Harry now realised. It was the fear of someone caught up in something larger than they could control, with no escape. Harry knew the feeling – had lived with it for most of his time at Hogwarts – and he could see it in Malfoy’s pinched face, pale even by his standards.By now Harry’s fingers had regained all feeling, but still he sat on the grass, contemplating his options. Leaving was not on the table; he would remain at Hogwarts even if Malfoy was as difficult as he had always been. Which left him three options, as far as he could see.He could resume their hostilities, going out of his way to be nasty to Malfoy, hoping to antagonise him.He could ignore Malfoy, pretend he didn’t exist. It would be difficult, given the small dormitory and likelihood they would be in every class together, but it could be done.Harry dismissed the third option before it was fully formed, then checked himself. Perhaps there was a compromise. McGonagall had suggested he talk to Malfoy, find out more about him. When Harry thought about it, he really didn’t know a lot about Malfoy. He was rich, of course, and from a long line of purebloods; an only child and a Mummy’s boy. Ron’s voice sounded in protest in Harry’s mind, followed immediately by Hermione’s, encouraging Harry’s moderation. But they weren’t due here for seven weeks. As far as he knew, he and Malfoy would be the only two students here until the beginning of term, unless any younger students were coming early. Even if that were so, they would be unlikely to try and befriend Harry and Malfoy.Picking a blade of grass, Harry turned it over, thinking. What would Dumbledore say? He knew, of course; Dumbledore would have encouraged him to see both sides, to consider Malfoy’s motivations. He also lost things in the War, Harry, Harry could almost hear him say. His life was affected almost as profoundly as yours, if not moreso. You have the benefit of many years of independence on which to rely. Draco is now alone for the first time in his life. Harry sighed. Dumbledore would have been right. And what else did he have to do before the beginning of term? Picking up his broom, Harry nodded to himself. His stomach told him it was lunch time. He’d head to the Great Hall and see if Malfoy was there. Harry ignored the swoop of nervous energy that fluttered through his stomach. Must be the hunger, he told himself.









Chapter 3: Conversation
    




Chapter Text
Harry dropped his broom and gloves back at the dormitory, still a little relieved not to see Malfoy. He kept his scarf – the same Gryffindor one he’d had since first year, one of the few personal items that had survived the War. It was ridiculous to feel nervous about entering the Great Hall, he told himself. It didn’t stop his heart hammering as the huge door swung open, and Harry looked into the vast space, wondering what might have changed.Nothing had changed.Four long tables still stood along the length of the hall; on a raised platform at the end was the teachers’ table. The ceiling still mirrored the real sky outside, icy blue with scattered clouds. As he stood and stared, Harry realised that one thing had changed. He was the only person in the hall. Out of habit he sat at the Gryffindor table, wondering what would happen now. Would the tables all fill automatically with platters? Or would it be like the Yule Ball where he told his plate what he wanted to eat? As Harry wondered, his question was answered. A plate and goblet appeared in front of him, along with a small collection of platters containing a range of food. It was far more modest than he was used to as a student, yet excessive in comparison to the meals they had scrounged on the run. Harry helped himself to sandwiches, a pastie, a slab of sponge cake and water. He wondered idly if there were still house elves at Hogwarts. The idea of Hermione taking S.P.E.W. up again was amusing and he felt the shadow of a smile cross his face at the thought of her leading house elves in revolt for proper wages and conditions. As the shadow faded, Harry felt someone watching him. He turned to his right automatically, seeing the figure in the doorway.Malfoy.Their eyes locked, and Harry wondered what the other boy – man, really – was thinking. The huge room seemed tiny all of a sudden, all the air sucked out of it; Harry somehow felt that this moment might define their whole year, so he did the only thing that made sense. He took out his wand and tapped the table opposite him, conjuring a plate and goblet to match his own. Nodding slightly to Malfoy, Harry turned back to his lunch, heart beating wildly as he pretended to ignore the only other person in the Hall. Harry’d made the offer, now it was up to Malfoy to decline or accept. If he declined…But he didn’t. Before Harry could plan what he would do if Malfoy chose to sit elsewhere, the seat opposite him was filled. Malfoy didn’t look at him as he sat, hunched over, hands in his lap. Harry wondered if he was sulking; it was an odd choice to sit with Harry if he was going to be in a bad mood about it. Without a word, Harry continued his lunch, more or less ignoring Malfoy. It wasn’t until Malfoy had taken his share of lunch – one pastie and some pumpkin juice, barely enough, really – that Harry spoke.“McGonagall said you arrived a few days ago.”A quick nod, but Malfoy didn’t speak. Harry debated trying again. He tilted his head, watching Malfoy as he ate, head bowed, making a huge effort to appear invisible and silent.“Do you know what classes you’re going to take, then?” Harry asked, his voice deliberately light.Malfoy didn’t answer for a long while, long enough that Harry, who by now had finished, was going to give it up and leave. When he did speak, it was quiet and toneless. “No.”“I guess we’ll have to pick up where we left off,” Harry said. Watching Malfoy had already changed his mind about him. He wasn’t arrogantly ignoring Harry or making rude remarks, as Harry had expected. He was eating the way a very small Harry used to eat when Uncle Vernon was in a particularly foul mood, or when he knew Aunt Petunia was feeling irritable.Draco was frightened. Not in a ‘I just saw a spider’ kind of way, but in an ingrained way, like he’d been living with a deep terror and the only thing he could do about it was try very hard not to attract the wrath of whomever was terrorising him. His blond hair was long now, longer than Harry had seen even at the Battle, though he hadn’t really gotten a good look at him then, given the distractions. The way Malfoy was using it to hide behind now, it was possible he’d magically lengthened it for that exact purpose.“Well, it looks like it’s going to be just us two for the next few weeks,” Harry said. He didn’t want to push Malfoy, but there was a definite empathy in Harry for the defeated-looking person sitting in front of him.“If you want to play Quidditch or whatever, I’ll be around.”When Malfoy didn’t answer, Harry stood, grabbing an apple and a banana. “See you later, then.” He thought he saw a twitch of Malfoy’s hand at his words, but after a moment’s hesitation, Harry turned and walked out of the Great Hall. Outside the sky was still clear, the air still cool; Harry opted to unpack his trunk rather than fly again. He took out a few photos and things, setting out his belongings and wondering what he would do with all the time before term started. Malfoy hadn’t seemed hostile, exactly, but he might take some time to warm up; otherwise, though, Harry was on his own. It would be odd, after spending so much of his life in the company of other people. Even at The Burrow, where he’d taken plenty of solitary walks recently, there had been a houseful of people to come back to. He’d have to get used to a far quieter existence for a while. Perhaps Hagrid would be around later? Harry could see the cabin from his window, and it still appeared deserted. Later, then.Shrugging, Harry took out Flying with the Canons and settled down to read. Frustratingly, he couldn’t concentrate, even with the photos showing their flashiest manoeuvres. Without really considering it, Harry knew he was going to try and if not befriend Malfoy, certainly have a conversation with him. He hoped they could at least reach an understanding. It would be an awkward year if not, though Harry had the distinct impression that the Malfoy who had returned for this year was not the same person he remembered from their earlier years.The book was still open in front of him, his mind a million miles away, when Malfoy came into the dormitory. He nodded at Harry and turned to his own trunk, rifling through it for something. Perhaps he felt Harry’s eyes on him, but he stopped all of a sudden, frozen. His eyes shot to Harry’s, and Harry was surprised to see the fear and mistrust so openly borne.“What?” Malfoy asked, his voice tight.“Nothing,” Harry replied, picking up his book again. There was silence, and a shape loomed over him. He lowered his book and looked enquiringly at Malfoy.“You’re not…are you angry?” Malfoy asked. He was standing next to the end of the bed, fiddling with a silver and green scarf. Perhaps it was his old Slytherin scarf, Harry thought – just like my old Gryffindor one.“No,” Harry replied calmly. “I’m not angry.”Malfoy looked at him, fear and confusion on his face. “Why?” he whispered.Harry considered the question. “I don’t want to be,” was the best he could come up with. When Malfoy looked at him in astonishment, mouth hanging open, Harry tried to elaborate. “There’s been enough of all that,” he said. “I was walking one day, I walked a lot lately, trying to figure it all out. The only two things I know for sure are I have no idea what to do with my life now, and I don’t want to spend the rest of my life hating people.”“But…” Malfoy was still stuck on the ‘not angry’, Harry could see.“Want to go for a walk?” Harry asked him. Hesitantly, Malfoy nodded and they donned their scarves and left the dormitory. Malfoy let Harry lead, and he followed a path down to the rocky beach on the edge of the lake. For a while they walked in silence, Harry picking up the occasional stone to toss into the water. Finally they sat on two large boulders.“I was angry when McGonagall told me you were here,” Harry admitted quietly. “For a lot of reasons. I think it was easier to be angry with you because we’ve never gotten along.” He smiled, but there was no mirth behind it. “I don’t really know how to get along with you, I think.”The silence was broken only by the wind riffling the surface of the lake.“I was taught a lot of things at home,” Malfoy said, addressing the rock on which he sat, “but getting along with people was not considered a worthwhile endeavour.”Harry nodded. It was the first time he’d heard Malfoy speak about his home life apart from boasting. He made a mental note to come back to that, perhaps. Now didn’t seem the time to push him.“She wanted me to ask you about what it was like, growing up in your house.” Harry paused, feeling the tension radiate off Malfoy, even from here.“I’m not going to ask, because I don’t need to know. It’s all from Before, and this is After, now.” Not sure how clear that was, Harry pressed on, taking a deep breath. “I think we should start again.”Harry stood up and walked the few uneven steps across to Malfoy.“I’m Harry Potter. Pleased to meet you.”“Malfoy. Draco Malfoy.”Harry held out his hand and after a long hesitation Draco took it. Harry wondered if he was thinking of the last time one of them had offered to shake hands with the other. Before their sorting ceremony, almost seven years ago. Before everything.Malfoy dropped Harry’s hand almost immediately, and Harry returned to his rock.“So, how was your summer?” Harry asked casually.For the first time, Malfoy lifted his head and really looked at Harry. His face was no longer just pale, but almost grey, the stress written across every inch of taut skin. His eyes were huge, icy blue as the sky and incredulous at Harry’s question.“Mine was pretty quiet,” Harry said, deliberately continuing the ridiculous conversation. What on earth else would they talk about? “Bit of flying, released a dragon, killed a Dark Lord. Not that much to tell, actually.”“You really released that dragon?” Malfoy asked, then looked aghast that the words had slipped out.Harry grinned at him. He knew that bit would pique Malfoy’s interest. “Yep. Poor thing was blind, but she flew pretty well.”“I’ve never ridden a dragon,” Malfoy told him.“Not as good as a broomstick,” Harry said, “but far easier than a Thestral.”To his satisfaction, he was rewarded with the first expression Malfoy had made so far – the faintest of smiles, as though he was remembering something enjoyable from long ago.“We could fly tomorrow,” Harry added. As he spoke, the smile slid from Malfoy’s face.“I don’t have a broom anymore,” Malfoy admitted. “They took…everything of value was seized.”Harry nodded, kicking himself for forgetting the Malfoys had lost everything. More than him, in a way. He’d have to remember to keep his own brand new broom out of sight. “We can use school brooms. Catch a snitch on an old Shooting Star, what do you reckon?”Malfoy snorted, the closest Harry had seen him to his old self. “I doubt that’s even possible, they’re so slow.”“Good point,” Harry said, and they lapsed into a silence that was not precisely comfortable, but wasn’t as tense as he thought it could have been. Malfoy hadn’t gone back to the ridiculous ‘how was your summer’ question, which was fine. Slow and steady, Harry told himself. To his surprise, it turned out that Draco Malfoy might actually need a friend, and he, Harry Potter, might be in the position to provide just that.









Chapter 4: Illumination
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
The next few weeks were the most unusual of Harry’s life. Considering what the first almost-eighteen years had been like, that was saying something. Through all that time, every moment he could remember, there was a figure somewhere that held sway over him. Either Uncle Vernon (though he seemed positively docile in comparison), Snape, or lately, Voldemort. For the first time in his life, Harry was more or less free to do as he liked without considering whom it might be that wanted to kill or otherwise inconvenience him. It was odd, but slowly he was learning not to look over his shoulder every few seconds, to use magic without considering how it would look or who would care.He and Malfoy had started tentatively, that first day, but the hours in which they became most accustomed to each other’s company came each evening after dark. They tended to sit in their common room, mostly in silence, occupied with whatever had caught their interest – books, new spells, sometimes Wizard’s Chess. Harry would occasionally write a letter or two, and he could feel Malfoy’s eyes on him when he sat down with parchment and ink. He had few correspondents now – only the Weasleys and Hermione really, though he’d written a brief letter to the Dursleys informing them of his survival and the end of the War. Harry knew he’d have to send it by Muggle post, so he’d asked Hermione – there was a Muggle post office in Ottery-St. Catchpole, and she’d know how to do it. He hadn’t heard back, which was exactly what he thought would happen. Dudley was the only relative he had that seemed even vaguely curious about his welfare, so he’d thought it was the right thing to do.Harry had wondered why he was watching him – did Draco look sad? – until it occurred to him that there was probably nobody for him to write to, now. Harry knew both his parents had died, and before that, had shunned most of his extended family. Many of the Slytherin students would be in a similar position to Malfoy, and those that were not were unlikely to want to write to a Death Eater. Knowing Lucius Malfoy, Harry doubted his son had ever had a friend that was not the child of a Death Eater. It had made him realise how very lonely a childhood Malfoy must have had. Enough, perhaps, even to rival his own. Once he began to pay attention, it made Malfoy’s behaviour far more understandable. Right now, as much as Harry was adjusting to life free of an overbearing presence, Malfoy was doing the same. In his case it was the loss not only of the negative presence, but his mother, who had doted on him, all his friends and the money and social status against which he had measured everything.The days slowly grew more comfortable, but it was what happened after bedtime that most made Harry reconsider Draco. The first nights in the dormitory were quiet. Harry tended to retire before Draco, bidding him goodnight before turning in. He was asleep before Malfoy retired, the long days generally tiring him out more than he realised.It wasn’t long before things changed.Harry had turned in first again, speaking quietly to Malfoy as he pored over a book. “Good night,” he said. Malfoy nodded, not raising his face; Harry took the acknowledgement and went to bed, his eyes heavy before he’d even crawled between the sheets. It was disorienting when the shouting began; he scrambled for his wand and glasses, shouting, “Lumos Maxima!”, throwing light to the middle of the ceiling. Harry was blinking wildly, breath coming in gasps as he looked around for the source of the noise. By the time he realised it was coming from the bed opposite, it had changed from terrified shouts to much quieter whimpers and the occasional sob.“Malfoy?” Harry said. There was no answer; the noises became muffled, as though someone had buried their face in a pillow. Harry hesitated. He didn’t want to embarrass Malfoy, potentially destroying the fragile rapport they’d been building; on the other hand, he hated the idea of leaving him alone and frightened in the dark. Nightmares had been a regular occurrence in the Weasley household, given their shared experiences, and Harry had some idea of what was needed.He stood carefully, ignoring the freezing stone floor on the soles of his feet. Moving into the bathroom, Harry wet a flannel and filled a glass of water, taking both out to place on Malfoy’s bedside table. He added a handful of the tissues he’d been keeping by his own bed – it was a miracle he’d not had a nightmare yet – and walked over to crawl back into bed without a word.“Finite Incantatem,” Harry muttered, extinguishing the ball of light still hovering over the middle of the room, and immediately replaced it with, “Lumos,” his wand tip casting a much softer light. Laying it carefully on the bedside table, Harry directed the beam towards one of the empty beds. It was dim enough not to keep them awake while still banishing the darkness.As he lay down again, wondering if sleep would come again soon, Harry thought he might have heard a sniffled, “Thanks, Potter.” Then again, he might not.The next day, neither of them spoke of the events of the previous night. Harry was almost relieved to have a nightmare of his own the next night; he’d fallen quite spectacularly out of bed, fighting the sheets for several moments until the bright light of Malfoy’s spell had brought him back to the dorm room. Closing his eyes, Harry had concentrated on his breathing, the blood pounding hard enough in his ears to blot out the sound of Malfoy moving around. He must have done though, because when Harry clambered up to clumsily remake his bed, a glass of water and a wet flannel sat on his bedside table. He stared for a moment before a small smile crossed his face.“Thanks, Malfoy,” he said into the silence. In response the Lumos Maxima light went out, leaving only the Lumos from Malfoy’s wand to illuminate the room.Since then, Harry and Malfoy had both had their share of nightmares. Neither brought it up, but it seemed that if one woke, the other would provide lighting and what had become the standard triage items. There were precious few nights that they both slept through; it seemed to Harry on these mornings they shared a particular look. They’d fallen into the habit of waiting for each other to walk up to breakfast; with so few people to accommodate, the meal times were generous to say the least. Malfoy was slowly relaxing, his conversation quiet, though there was an occasional spark of amusement when Harry said something particularly funny.Their routine had formed largely at Harry’s suggestion, when Malfoy was still doing his best not to be noticed. As such, they walked to breakfast, talking quietly before settling on their plans – sometimes going their separate ways for the day, other times agreeing on a shared morning or afternoon. Harry often visited Hagrid, the huge man quieter than he had been Before. They would work together without speaking, collecting unicorn hair, tending to animals and plants, always finishing with huge cups of tea and homemade rock cakes.Sometimes Harry and Malfoy would meet up to fly together, taking out a pair of old broomsticks and a battered practice Snitch. These were Harry’s favourite times, not only for his own pleasure at flying freely, but to see the joy on Draco’s face. It was the only time Harry had seen him allowing himself to enjoy anything, as though he didn’t think himself worthy of anything fun.Still, Harry hadn’t brought it up. While they were learning to get along, and Malfoy was coming out of his shell, Harry steered away from any particularly meaningful conversations. He wasn’t sure how Malfoy viewed their friendship, or if he would be prepared to talk about anything serious. For all Harry knew, Malfoy was just dragging himself out of his despair with the end goal of never seeing Harry again once they graduated at the end of the academic year. The idea was somehow difficult for Harry to reconcile.+++Several weeks after they had arrived at Hogwarts, the two Eighth-Years sat at the Slytherin table eating breakfast. Harry had always sat at the Gryffindor table out of habit; Malfoy did the same with the Slytherin table. They tended to trade off at breakfast, sitting at whichever table was furthest from the small knot of younger students. The younger students tended to stick together and avoid both he and Malfoy, thank goodness. They appeared to be none the worse for wear after the previous year at Hogwarts, and their chatter and shouts of laughter were grating enough from across the Hall.“I thought I might walk into Hogsmeade this morning.” Malfoy spoke quietly, his eyes still on his plate.Harry swallowed a mouthful of bacon. “Did you want some company?” he asked carefully.“I have errands to do first,” Malfoy said, his cheeks turning pink, “but we could meet for a drink after.”Harry nodded. He was almost out of ink, and he’d barely brought any parchment from Diagon Alley. A quick stop at Honeydukes would never go amiss, either.“Sure,” Harry said. “I’ll meet you at the Hog’s Head?”“Yes,” Malfoy replied. He stood up, gave the curious little nod that Harry had learned meant, “See you later,” and strode out of the room.Harry chewed on his last piece of toast thoughtfully. Malfoy had been rather reluctantly dragged into Hogsmeade both times Harry had gone; he’d insisted on wearing his travelling cloak, hood up, and sitting in a back booth of the Three Broomsticks the whole time. Sure, it had been over a week since then, but he wondered why Malfoy had had such a change of heart? Shrugging, Harry stood up, walking back to pick up a small pouch of money from his trunk. He’d find out soon enough.+++After visiting Flourish and Blotts to top up his stationery, Harry had bought a large bag of Chocolate Frogs before heading over to the Hog’s Head to meet Draco. He’d suggested it as it was far quieter and tended to attract the kind of clientele that did not care who you were as long as you made it clear you didn’t care who they were, either. He raised one hand to Aberforth and made his way to a back booth.“Hi, Ab,” Harry greeted him.“Harry,” Aberforth replied gravely. “I received your owl. Is your friend joining you today?” Harry had wanted to explain why he and Draco were drinking in the Three Broomsticks when they came into town. He didn’t want to offend the barkeeper by continuing to avoid the Hog’s Head, and had promised to drop in the next time he was in the village.“Yeah, he’ll be here soon,” Harry said. “We’ll have Butterbeer, thanks.” Aberforth nodded and wandered back to the bar, pulling their beers into questionably clean glasses just as Malfoy walked in.“Thanks,” Malfoy said as the pint slid in front of him.“Alright?” Harry asked.Malfoy nodded.“What’d you buy?” Harry asked. Malfoy shrugged, evading the question, and Harry took the hint. He assumed money was a touchy subject right now.“I had to see McGonagall,” Malfoy said into his pint. “I don’t have a lot of the materials I’ll need for potions this year, and…” he trailed off, and Harry was astonished to realise he’d been wrong – Malfoy was talking about money.“Yeah,” Harry said, not really sure how to answer. “So you’re taking Potions, then?”“It was the only subject I really enjoyed,” Malfoy admitted. “Even with…”“Me in the class?” Harry said, half joking. Malfoy didn’t smile. “Sorry,” Harry said, not entirely sure what he was apologising for.“Professor Snape as the teacher,” Malfoy clarified. Harry’s shock must have shown on his face, because Malfoy went on, “He wasn’t very nice to anyone, Potter. Having you there brought out his…less nice side.”“Less nice?” Harry repeated, unable to contain the bubble of laughter. “Did he have a more nice side I somehow missed?”Malfoy looked stricken for a moment, and Harry wondered if he’d gone too far. Finally, a smile, small but real, appeared on his face. “Not that I ever saw. He was always writing to my fath-” He cut himself off, lips pressed together. My father, Harry’s mind filled in. It was all so new to Malfoy.“I’m sorry about your parents,” Harry said quietly.“Yeah,” Malfoy replied. “That makes two of us, then.” His mouth twisted bitterly, and he finished his drink, raising his glass to Ab for a refill.“Did you know your mother saved my life?” Harry asked Malfoy. This conversation had become very serious, very fast, but it felt like this was the right time to say it.“She what?” Malfoy asked blankly.“She saved my life. Voldemort,” (Malfoy flinched) “told her to see if I was dead, and she wanted to know if you were alive in the castle. I said yes, and she lied to him.” Harry watched Malfoy’s eyes widen, then fill with tears. Blindly he stood up gripping the packages that threatened to fall from his lap, and stumbled out of the pub. Harry swore, threw some money at Ab, and followed. Malfoy had bolted to the end of the main street, and Harry saw him duck behind the end of the last building. When he rounded the corner, Malfoy was leaning on a fence rail, his packages strewn across the ground.“Malfoy?” Harry collected the parcels and made a pile with his own beside a fencepost. There was no answer, so he asked again, “Draco?”Perhaps it was the quiet voice, perhaps the use of his first name, but the blond turned, his tearstained face an image of desolation. He stood there, arms by his side, shaking with misery as tears tracked down his face. His expression was agony, red rimmed eyes pleading for…something.Without thinking, Harry stepped closer and wrapped his arms around Draco. He hugged the shaking figure tight, as he’d seen Ron and Hermione do for each other. A small part of his mind noted that particular analogy but he ignored it.Draco’s arms were rigid, pressed against his side, and Harry almost let go of the hug. Maybe this was not what Draco wanted. Harry had followed him after all.As he loosened his grip Draco’s arms shifted, wrapping around his back. Harry felt fists grip his jumper; he tightened his hold again, resolving not to let Draco go until he was calmer. As he waited, he noticed Draco’s hair tickling his nose – it really was long – and the unfamiliar scent of him. It was surprisingly woodsy, with layers of scent he couldn’t begin to identify, overlaid with the faint smoke from the pub’s fire and the Butterbeer they’d both been drinking.It took an age, a comforting, warm age before Draco’s arms loosened around Harry. Harry followed his lead, aware that this could get very awkward very quickly. Weird as it was, hugging Draco, it hadn’t been the excruciating experience he’d expected. Apart from Hermione and Mrs. Weasley, it had been a long time since anyone had hugged Harry like that. Ginny wasn’t really touchy-feely, and long comforting embraces were very much not her thing.As Draco shuffled back, Harry did too, putting some space between them. He waited for Draco to speak. Why was his heart beating faster? It wasn’t like it mattered, or anything.“Thanks, Harry.” The tone was familiar but the words stumped Harry for a moment. Had Draco just called him Harry? Hang on, since when was he thinking about Malfoy as ‘Draco’? Pushing that particular moment of confusion to the side, Harry focused on the moment.“Feel like I should have some water and a flannel,” Harry replied, and Malfoy gave a weak grin at the joke. Okay, so they were kind of talking about it, then.“I didn’t mean to upset you,” Harry said. “I just,” he shrugged, “wanted you to know that. About her.”Draco nodded, his eyes wet again, but he held himself together. “Yeah, I know,” he said. “Thanks. Haven’t heard much good about either of them lately.”“Yeah,” Harry said. “But it won’t be like that forever. And you knew them better than anyone. You know what’s not true, and honestly,” Harry grinned a bit here, “the press is pretty full of shit sometimes.” The smile he was angling for had returned, and they stood there for a moment, breathing together in the cool air. Harry could feel something had shifted – the first names were a major step, he thought – but there was something else, too. Something he was not completely ready to examine, but he didn’t want to let it go, either.“Do you want to go back into the pub?” Harry asked. “Or we could walk back to school.”“Let’s go the long way,” Draco suggested, and Harry readily agreed. They picked up their packages and set out, taking the lesser used path that would allow them to walk the far side of the Quidditch pitch, along the shore of the lake and back to the castle.“My father wanted to send me abroad to school,” Draco said as they walked. “But Mummy wanted me closer to home.”“Were you close? You and your mother, I mean,” Harry asked. Part of him was curious and a smaller, slightly ashamed part was envious. Regardless of what had happened recently, Draco had something Harry never would – memories of his mother.“Probably not, really,” Draco said, surprising Harry with his candour. “I know she loved me, and probably spoiled me, but we never shared confidences. Not really,” there was a note of regret in his voice.“I’m pretty sure that’s normal,” Harry said. He didn’t know anyone who had told their parents the whole truth about what they did. “I mean, parents aren’t friends, are they?”“True,” Draco replied, kicking at a stone. “I seem to be out of both, right now.” The dark humour was not what Harry had expected after such a melancholy demeanour lately.“I heard Daphne Greengrass will be here this year,” Harry said. “Did you know her well?”“No,” Draco replied. The wry smile he’d worn since his previous comment faded. “I was only allowed to associate with people my father approved of.”“Kids of his friends?”“Kids of Death Eaters, yeah,” Draco confirmed. “So they’re either in Azkaban, or dead, or…” he shrugged. “Nobody’s in contact, that much I do know.”“Everything’s going to be different,” Harry said.“It already is,” Draco said, and there was an emphasis on his words that told Harry they meant more than the simple meaning of this conversation. Speaking of which…“So I’m Harry now, am I?” Harry asked. “Since when?”“Since you called me Draco,” Draco replied. “You started it.”“Only because you wouldn’t answer to Malfoy,” Harry protested. “I had no choice.”“I was slightly upset by your insensitive comments about my mother, if you recall,” Draco retorted, a touch of laughter about his mouth.Harry’s eyebrows rose. This was teasing, a faint remembrance of their previous volleys but without the venom. Now that they had finally started talking about important stuff, were they finding their rhythm again? An odd little thrill ran through Harry at the idea. What if they actually could become friends, not simply tolerating each other?“Earth to Harry,” Draco was saying.“Sorry, just thinking about that time I saved your life, actually,” Harry said with exaggerated calm.“What?” Draco’s voice rose in indignation.“Well there was that time in the Room of Requirement, if you recall,” said Harry, eyes darting carefully over to see if this was too much. While he saw a flash of pain in Draco’s face, he realised he’d been caught looking.“I had that under control,” Draco replied, the challenge in his eyes.Harry snorted. “No way.” He and Draco shot sideways glances at each other. They both chuckled, the tension relieved. Okay, thought Harry, we’re going to do it like this, then. Bringing things up as a joke so it’s out there.“Is it even still there?” Draco asked.“Is what still there?” Harry asked.“The Room of Hidden Things.”Harry gave Draco an odd look. “Is that what you called it?”“Of course.” Draco gave him an exasperated look. “It was a room, full of hidden things. Thus, The Room of Hidden Things.” He spread his arms grandly. “What did you call it, again?”“Room of Requirement,” Harry replied.Draco nodded thoughtfully. “Not as good as mine.”Harry bumped his shoulder, and Draco didn’t protest.+++They settled down to a quiet afternoon after lunch in the Great Hall. Harry was content to sit with his Quidditch book open, staring out the window. He was still processing the quick change to their relationship – he would definitely call it a friendship now. He and Draco had talked easily the rest of the way back to the castle, the gentle teasing becoming more natural. They both steered away from the more sensitive layers – how either of them felt about any of it, for example – but it was open season for careful ribbing about the times Before, and During.When Draco asked Harry if they could eat the berries they passed and Harry didn’t know, Draco marvelled that he’d stayed alive for long enough to track down Voldemort. Harry replied that if it he had been the Dark Lord he’d have finished Draco off immediately, just to get rid of the wisecracks.“I bet you never told him the one about the dogs with no noses,” Harry said, and Draco both laughed and frowned. It had turned out he’d never heard it, and when Harry told him they’d both ended up rolling on the grass laughing. It had been the most surreal moment of this whole experience, Harry had thought; he’d mainly been laughing at Draco, who was bordering on hysterics at the fairly pedestrian Muggle joke. It was mere weeks ago he’d been battling the most evil wizard of all time just a stone’s throw from here, and now he was rolling in the grass with Draco Malfoy, ribs sore from laughing, the two of them slowly building a friendship. As their laughter subsided, they’d lain there for a while, watching the clouds. Neither of them mentioned the knees hooked together as they lay, or the two handed assistance Harry lent Draco when they stood up.Now, cozy in the common room, watching the giant squid lazily squirt across the surface of the lake, Harry realised he was more content than he had been in a long time. He risked a glance at Draco, sitting in the squishiest armchair and realised the blond had fallen asleep. He shook his head, smiling a little as he grabbed a blanket off a shelf and covered Draco. Stretching, Harry decided to go and see Hagrid. Maybe he’d baked something other than rock cakes today.




Notes:

In case you don't know which joke Harry's referring to:A: I saw a dog with no nose in the street the other day.B: Really? How did it smell?A: Terrible!Bah-dum-dum.










Chapter 5: Acceptance
    




Chapter Text
That same evening marked the first night both Harry and Draco had a nightmare. Harry’s was first, a variation on the Voldemort-Finds-A-Way-Back theme that had dogged him since the Battle; only Dead-People-I-Love-Blaming-Me was worse. He woke with the light again, panting, heart pounding. Rolling over, Harry sat up and passed one shaking hand over his face, closing his eyes to concentrate on breathing, only for them to fly open at the image of cruel red eyes still in his head.“Harry?”The voice was quiet, apologetic even, but Harry still jumped. He looked to the end of his bed to see Draco there, holding the customary glass of water and flannel.“Thanks,” Harry gasped, still breathing much harder than usual. Draco moved hesitantly closer, putting the items on Harry’s bedside table.“Are you okay?” Draco asked, as Harry’s heart kept pounding. It wasn’t subsiding; his mind was still whirling, and he shook his head. He wondered if that was a panic attack, but he couldn’t rally his thoughts enough to figure it out. Harry hunched over, clutching at his sides, hearing his breathing becoming more ragged, the panic spiralling inside him until he thought he’d burst with it.“Harry, Harry, look at me…” The voice had been there all along, but now it was accompanied by firm hands, holding his shoulders.“Harry, look at me, come on…”Harry used every piece of willpower he could summon to lift his head towards the voice. Draco had stepped in front of him and was very close, filling his vision. When Harry’s eyes locked on Draco’s, he saw relief flood through them.“Good Harry, let’s breathe together. You can do it, come on, in…out…in…that’s it, nice and deep…”Draco’s voice continued, calm and measured, and Harry felt himself fighting the panic, forcing his diaphragm to move slowly, drawing breath in and shakily holding it before letting it out again. Slowly, agonisingly, Harry felt his heart rate slow. The swirl of panic started to dissipate like steam from a mug; soon there was nothing left inside him.With a final deep breath, Draco stopped guiding him, his hands loosening on Harry’s shoulders. “Better?” he asked.“Yes,” Harry whispered. He was exhausted, sweaty and quite embarrassed. “Sorry…”Draco cut him off with a look, passing Harry the glass of water.“Um, better not,” Harry replied, holding up one weakly shaking hand. He wasn’t sure he’d be able to grip it enough to keep a hold. Draco just nodded, holding the cup to his mouth, the few sips of water wonderful against his hot lips. Without asking, Draco picked up the flannel, running it carefully across the back of Harry’s neck, then across his face, the cool fabric taking sweaty residue with it. Harry tentatively closed his eyes and finally relaxed, enjoying the dark without those cruel red eyes to spoil it. He resolutely ignored the part of his brain trying to figure out what was going on and instead waited until Draco was done.“Thanks, Draco,” Harry said softly. Draco gave him a faint smile before returning to his own bed and changing the lights. Harry wanted to process it all but the exhaustion washed over him as soon as his head hit the pillow.+++It was either immediately or hours and hours later – either was possible. Harry was shaken from sleep by Draco’s nightmare, and he reached automatically for his wand, sending the light up before making his way to the bathroom to collect the water and wet a flannel. When he returned, the shouting had stopped. Draco was sitting in the middle of his bed hugging his drawn up knees.“Thanks, Harry,” he whispered, taking the water. He wouldn’t meet Harry’s eyes; Harry wondered if he’d been shouting something in his dream. He couldn’t remember anything but couldn’t think of a way to say so.“No problem,” Harry replied. He lingered for a moment, trying to think of something else he could offer as comfort. “Look, do you want me…I mean, I could move beds. To there.” He pointed to the bed beside Draco’s, on the other side of the bathroom door. “Less distance to walk in the middle of the night.” He knew Draco knew that wasn’t why he was offering; they both knew ‘so I’m not so far away’ would not be a reason ever expressed out loud, true though it might be.“Sure, if you want,” Draco answered, a little too quickly to be casual.Harry ignored it and grabbed his blanket and pillow, stumbling over and climbing in. He swore, returned to grab his wand, then turned to Draco and asked, “Alright, then?”“Don’t coddle me, Harry,” came the reply. Harry grinned a little to himself as he changed the lights. If Draco was being flippant, he was okay.+++“I’ve completely lost track of the date,” Harry said suddenly. It was mid-afternoon, a rare cool and cloudy day that had driven them indoors after their time down at the Quidditch pitch, and the first argument they’d had.Earlier that day, Harry had finally admitted to owning his new broom, watching apprehensively as Draco heard the news. “May I see it?” he asked quietly. Harry pulled it out from under his bed, and they both sat on the covers as Draco took the handle from Harry. His fingers were gentle as they stroked the smooth wood, touching the sleek tail twigs reverentially.“It’s not as well balanced as my Nimbus was,” Harry said, though in truth he’d only ridden it that once. Funnily enough the old Shooting Stars they’d been using hadn’t bothered him; flying alongside Draco was preferable to streaking along on his new broom in solitude.Draco was looking at him like he was crazy. “Really,” he said, voice dripping with sarcasm as he placed one long finger under the broom, balancing it with ease. “I had a Nimbus 2000, too and it never sat like this.”“Maybe that was your flying,” Harry said, folding his arms and grinning.“I don’t think so,” Draco retorted indignantly. “Probably ‘The-Boy-Who-Lived’ got a special one or something.” His words weren’t angry or even teasing. Harry heard the sadness behind them. Regardless of the reason, it would be a long time until Draco could afford another broom in this league.“I’ve only flown it once,” Harry told him. He looked outside, though the weather hadn’t changed all day – cold but clear. “D’you want to take it out?”The disbelief on Draco’s face only budged when Harry muttered, “I’ll take that as a yes,” and began digging out his warmest scarf and gloves. Draco hadn’t moved, so Harry nudged him with a shoulder. “Come on, then,” he said, and Draco’s face finally changed.“Really?” he said, the tentative smile widening as Harry nodded. A quick scramble for Draco’s warm gear and they were out, picking up the best of the school brooms – one of the Nimbus 2000’s Lucius had ‘donated’ so that Draco could play on the Slytherin Quidditch team. It was quite battered and pulled hard to one side, but they’d need something much faster than the pair of Shooting Stars if Harry was to keep up with Draco on the new broom. Those two ancient brooms had been the best matched pair, but neither would come close to Harry’s Firebolt 2.0.“You go first,” Harry said as they reached the Quidditch pitch. He’d picked up a snitch too, and as Draco took the new broom, Harry readied himself to open the box.“Ready?” he called.Draco’s whoop of joy as he streaked around the grandstands echoed across the ground, and Harry opened the snitch box. The wings were a little slow, but the golden ball still darted up and away, leaving Harry to try and chase it down.“No chance, Potter!” Draco had shouted, racing past Harry in pursuit. He’d been right – the new Firebolt was incredible – and Harry had resigned himself to making lazy loops around the goalposts, watching Draco soar. He really was quite good, Harry saw. Even with so many months off, Draco had an innate sense of where the snitch would go next, and a fearlessness that only the best seekers possessed. The broom was excellent, of course, but the experienced flier in Harry had to admit that Draco was naturally gifted. He watched the blond head race towards the ground, turning at the last minute to catch the snitch back on the ground. Harry drifted back down to meet him, feeling his mouth widen into a grin as he watched an elated Draco dismount from the Firebolt.“That’s amazing,” he half shouted. Harry remembered the old habit, shouting for a bit once you returned to the ground, still not used to the quiet after wind rushing in your ears. “Far better than anything I’ve ever flown!”“You’re a good flier, you know,” Harry said. “For someone who still calls me Potter, I mean.”Draco shot him a look. “Two things,” he said, playing with the snitch. “Surnames only in Quidditch, I thought you knew that.”“And?” Harry asked, watching the golden ball fly off, only to be caught again.“And yes, I am well aware of my gifts on a broom,” Draco said. There was a truth to the mocking tone.“Have you thought about going professional?” Harry asked. “They do tryouts, don’t they?”As soon as the words were out of him mouth, Harry knew he’d made a mistake. Draco’s face, previously open and relaxed, had shut down, his fingers gripping the snitch.“They do,” Draco replied shortly. “But not for Death Eaters.” Leaving the broom floating in mid-air, he said, “Thanks for lending me your broom,” and tossed the snitch over. In the moment it took Harry to reflexively catch the bright golden ball, Draco was several strides away.“Draco!” Harry shouted, stuffing the snitch back into its box. When the slumped blond head didn’t turn, he left the Quidditch equipment behind, running to catch up. “Hey!”Draco stopped as Harry ran in front of him, blocking his way. “What is it?” he asked, anger boiling under the surface.“What the hell was that about?” Harry said. “You’re not a Death Eater.”“Yeah, well, this says otherwise, doesn’t it?” Savagely, Draco pulled up his left sleeve, the scar on his forearm still angry and red. “Just in case anyone missed the pictures of me and my family all over the Daily Prophet, all they have to do is look at this and all of a sudden they’re not interested.” His lip twisted in a bitter grimace. “Not going to be a lot of jobs going around for someone with this on their skin.”Shocked, Harry stood still, eyes locked on Draco’s arm. The spell to remove Voldemort’s mark had been brutal; the scar tissue was deep and rough, though it had effectively destroyed the Dark Mark. He could see Draco’s chest heaving as he drew breath, fingers in tight fists against the shaking. “I didn’t realise.”“Of course not,” Draco spat. “You’re The Boy Who-”“I’m not the Boy Who Bloody Anything!” Harry shouted. “I am so sick of that bloody name! Why can’t they call me Harry? Or The Boy Who Had No Choice, or The Boy Who’s Actually Grown Up Now? Do you think I can walk down a wizarding street without having people ask for an autograph, or thanking me or something? I don’t want to be famous, Draco! I just want to be like everyone else. Christ, I spent half these holidays inside or Disillusioned!”Harry stopped, looking at Draco. This was the stuff they hadn’t talked about; the effect of the War on both of them.“I knew about that,” Harry said quietly, pointing to Draco’s still exposed arm. “And I’m still interested.” That was not precisely what he’d meant to say, but hopefully Draco would understand what he meant. “Neither of us had much choice in how our lives played out before. But now…” Harry trailed off.Draco seemed much calmer now. Slowly, he pushed his sleeve down and looked at Harry.“Now we do,” Draco finished.There was an awkward pause. Harry had wanted to say something else, or hug Draco or something, but Draco seemed okay with leaving it there. Instead he Bewitched the Quidditch supplies, sending them back to the dormitories so he and Draco could head up for lunch.Now, about to write his first letter in over a week, Harry realised he had no idea what the date was. The days had passed with a sameness, only the slow development of his friendship with Draco showing that time had passed at all. He looked at Draco. “Do you know what date it is?”Draco shrugged. “No idea.”A thought occurred to Harry. “Christ, it might be my birthday!” He stood up, throwing a handful of Floo Powder into the fire and saying, “Gryffindor Common Room!”Arriving at the right grate was still tricky; he tried not to show his relief as the familiar room came into view. Harry had not ventured further into the castle than the Great Hall, apart from his initial visit to the Headmistress’ Office. He made a mental note to see if Draco wanted to come with him tomorrow. Ignoring the startled looks of the few young students sitting around the room, Harry Summoned a copy of the day’s newspaper.“Thanks,” he said to the room at large, turning back to the fireplace. At once he realised his mistake. There was no Floo Powder here – he should have brought a pocketful for the return trip. Swearing to himself, Harry glanced at the date on the paper – July twenty-ninth – and dropped it on a table before stomping out of the common room.“A little thank you never goes astray, you know!” The Fat Lady called after him as he slammed the painting closed. Grumbling to himself the whole way back, Harry shut the door with rather more force than was necessary when he came back in.Draco looked startled, eye flickering from Harry to the fireplace and back. “What…” he asked. “Why didn’t you Floo back?”“No Floo Powder up there, is there?” he replied irritably. “We’ll need to remember to take enough for a return journey.”“Right. Good to know.” Draco’s words were strained, and Harry risked glancing over. He saw exactly what he thought he would – a Draco straining to hold back a smirk, which dissolved into a full-on belly laugh when he caught Harry’s eye.“Oh, Harry, your face…” Draco choked, and Harry thought about it. It was kind of funny, really.“God, don’t tell the others,” he muttered, a grin spreading over his own face. Draco’s laughter was contagious and soon the two of them were gurgling with mirth, tears streaming down their faces at the ridiculousness of the whole situation.“Christ, you seriously can’t tell anyone about this,” Harry said finally, when the worst of the laughter had abated.“How will they know to take the extra, then?” Draco asked, a burble of laughter rising up before he could stop it.“They can learn,” Harry said.“What, like you did?” Draco asked, the fragile hold on his sobriety falling apart again as Harry tossed a cushion at him.“I won’t tell them,” Draco said finally. “But you’ll owe me a favour.”“Right. So much for friendship,” Harry snorted. It was the first time either of them had referred to their friendship.“This is friendship. I’m a Slytherin, what do you expect?” Draco told him. Harry rolled his eyes, but they grinned at each other again.“I haven’t laughed like that in a long time,” Harry said eventually.“It’s been hard. For everyone,” Draco replied, and Harry felt the moment bring their earlier argument to a gentle close.“Hey, I haven’t been up into the castle except to see McGonagall,” Harry said, relieved that the argument and ensuing awkwardness seemed to be behind them. “D’you want to go tomorrow? Visit the common rooms, see if we can find Peeves?”“Sure,” Draco replied, shrugging. “Hey, did you find out what the date is?”“July 29th,” Harry replied.“July…twenty-ninth?” Draco repeated.“Yeah. Why?” Harry said.“No reason,” Draco said, looking thoughtful.









Chapter 6: Awakening
    




Chapter Text
The next day, Harry and Draco stood in the middle of the eighth-year common room, matching scowls on their faces.“Don’t touch me!” Draco said, folding his arms across his chest.Harry scowled a moment longer then sighed, the tension flowing out of his body with his breath. He’d been impatient, grabbing Draco’s arm to make him stand up. It had been the wrong move – Draco jumped as though Harry had hit him, the fear in his face blooming like bloodstains.Harry took a careful step backwards, giving Draco his space, waiting until he had calmed down before speaking. When the blue eyes were not so wild, and Draco’s grip on his torso had relaxed a little, Harry spoke. “I’m sorry,” he said quietly. “I shouldn’t have grabbed you.” The words hung in the air for an agonising moment until Draco nodded, a sharp motion Harry recognised from their first days at Hogwarts when Draco had not known how to trust.“I’m worried about you, actually,” Harry said.Draco frowned, tilting his head to look at Harry.“You’re…worried about me?” He repeated.Harry rolled his eyes. “Of course I am, you idiot.” The words were tempered by his slight smile and over theatrical delivery. At least he hoped they were.“You didn’t come to breakfast, you barely ate anything at dinner last night, you’ve barely spoken a word since I came back from the common room yesterday. You need to eat. And preferably tell me what the hell’s the matter, but mainly the eating.”Draco stared at Harry for long enough to be unnerving.“What?” Harry asked.“I’ve been in plenty of trouble for missing meals before,” Draco said slowly, “But I don’t think anyone’s ever wondered why.”Harry stared at Draco. It was comments like these that helped him paint a better picture of the Malfoy house – and the Slytherin one too, if it came to it. How often had he wished for the Dursleys to leave him alone, had revelled in the rare nights they went out and left him on his own. It sounded like Draco had had all the time in the world to himself. No brothers and sisters, only select boys and girls to play with, even the parents Harry had envied him sounded disinterested in their only son.“Well, now you’re stuck with me,” Harry said, hoping to lighten the mood. “I’m annoying and pretty nosy, fair warning.” Hesitating, Harry added, “I can bring you something if you don’t want to come up to the castle.” He had no idea why Draco was acting so strangely, but he didn’t want to push it.“No,” Draco said. “I’ll come.” They collected scarves in silence, walking almost as far as the castle door before Draco put one hand on Harry’s arm, stopping him.“Thanks,” he said stiffly. “For…worrying.”Harry blinked. “No problem,” he replied. Draco’s hand was a solid weight on his forearm, and the slight twinge of disappointment at its removal was disconcerting.There was an awkward silence until Draco asked, “Um, do you want to come into Hogsmeade with me this afternoon?”“Yeah,” Harry said, surprised. Draco rarely suggested trips into Hogsmeade; Harry suspected what little money he had was carefully rationed, mainly spent on books and potions ingredients.“Okay,” Draco said. Abruptly he turned to the castle, Harry hurrying to catch up. “I hope they have that treacle tart again.” ***The afternoon had been much better than the morning; Draco’s mood had lifted considerably, though he still seemed a little nervous to Harry. They both walked through Hogsmeade now without Disillisioning themselves; it was far easier to ignore curious glances when you had someone to talk to. Their conversation came naturally now, without the heavy editing of earlier. They browsed the shops before settling into the Hog’s Head as usual.After a couple of Butterbeers, Aberforth came and sat with them, a quiet presence as they discussed brooms. Tactfully, Draco left Ab and Harry to talk while he returned to Scrivenshaft’s for the black ink he’d forgotten. When he returned, he and Harry bade Ab farewell and walked back to Hogwarts the long way around the lake, debating the merits of the various new broomsticks they’d seen advertised. Neither mentioned Quidditch as a possible future anymore. Harry was not planning on trying out for the team this year – he wanted to concentrate on his studies. Whatever he wanted to do with the rest of his life, five top N.E.W.T.s couldn’t hurt, and the dim memories of his O.W.L. year were of more work than he could have imagined.He doubted Draco wanted the extra attention.In the end they sent their packages on to the dormitories and headed straight for the Great Hall. It was early, and none of the other students were there. For the first time, Harry looked at the teacher’s table, wondering if any of them ever came for meals. Perhaps they ate in their offices. Assuming they were even here over the break?“Who’d you think is going to fill the empty teaching jobs this year?” Harry asked as the question occurred to him. Draco looked up, confused, so Harry explained, “Well assuming the old teachers come back, that’s Herbology, Charms and Transfiguration, plus you’ve got Arithmancy with Vectra, right?” Draco nodded. “But there’s no Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher. And no Potions Master either.” He knew there were others gone, but he couldn’t think about it – the enormity was too much. Better to focus on the few new faces he might see.Harry loaded his plate with sausages as Draco considered the question.“I don’t really know,” he said eventually. “Do you think anyone will even want the Defense Against the Dark Arts post? I mean, it’s hardly got a good reputation, does it?”Harry shrugged. He wondered if Dumbledore would care if he told Draco what he knew of Voldemort’s curse? Before he could speak, Draco mused, “I wonder if it was cursed?”Taken by surprise, Harry burst out laughing. It echoed loud around the empty hall.“What?” Draco asked blankly.“Voldemort cursed the job after Dumbledore refused to give it to him,” Harry explained. “Dumbledore told me,” he assured Draco when the latter looked disbelieving.“Well,” Draco said, then stopped. “Seriously?”“Seriously,” Harry answered.“Bloody hell,” Draco breathed, sounding so much like Ron that Harry grinned. Draco grinned back, then frowned. “But…the curse will be broken now that he’s dead, right?”“Think so,” Harry replied. “Not that it matters, since most people don’t know who it’s cursed by. If people still think it’s cursed they won’t apply.”“Well I guess McGonagall will have to convince someone,” Draco said. “Maybe a past student or something?”“Yeah,” Harry said thoughtfully. They ate quietly for a while, occasionally throwing out suggestions. Eventually, puddings finished, Harry sat back and sighed. “Well I’m done.”“Me too,” Draco replied.“Merlin, I’m tired,” Harry said, yawning as they walked through the falling darkness down to their common room. “I actually feel worse after a full night sleep, you know?” They’d stopped apologising to each other now, the nightmares coming as often from one as the other.“I’m going to read for a bit,” Draco said.“I’ll just turn in, I think,” Harry said. “G’night.”“Night, Harry,” Draco replied. Harry moved automatically, getting ready for bed; his mind was on the date. Tomorrow was his birthday. He would be eighteen. In the Muggle world it was a big deal; the coming of age, as wizards termed it. Here it was a birthday, but nothing special.As Harry lay in bed, he thought back as he always did to the night before his eleventh birthday. It was the last day before he knew he was a wizard. The last day he thought he’d be stuck forever with the Dursleys. He smiled at the vision of Dudley’s tail and the guilty satisfaction on Hagrid’s face at the illegal magic. Merlin, if he was almost eighteen, Dudley must have just had his eighteenth too. Wow. Harry wondered, as his eyes grew heavy and his mind wandered, what his life would have been like if he’d been The Boy Who Wasn’t A Wizard.***The visions were chaotic and terrifying. Skeletons, sneering and laughing, thin skin stretched over their skulls, sewn together at the mouth with clumsy stitches. Others shrieking, needles piercing their frail skin, sewing up mouths, blood pouring as knives sliced body parts to drop into rapidly swirling cauldrons. A cruel face with red eyes and a high, cold voice laughed as a new body was brought in – twisting and desperate, the familiar blue eyes looking desperately at Harry, begging for redemption as the sewn-together mouth could not do. The knife rose high; more blood as the sickening sound of body parts dropping into liquid was overwhelmed by screams from lips ragged from torn stitches.“NO!” Harry roared. “No, please, Draco, no, no…GET AWAY FROM HIM!”He’d been unable to speak for so much of the dream, twisting against his own bonds, but as the blood, Draco’s blood spattered he was free to scream and beg. Harry knew he was thrashing, beating against the hands holding him down; blood pounded in his ears, roaring over the screams that were fading…fading…“Harry!” the voice was frantic and familiar…the voice from the dream. Not the shrieks begging for mercy, but desperate all the same; someone was calling his name. Someone from his dream…“Draco,” Harry gasped, the dream suddenly dissolving like a scene in a Pensieve. The blood was still loud in his ears and he was shaking, but Draco’s voice cut through.“Harry! Harry, it’s alright…Harry, you’re safe, he’s not here…”“No, no…”Harry couldn’t help himself, trying to draw his knees up to his chest. Something was hard against his shoulder – was he on the floor? Opening his eyes, the dormitory came into focus. He was sideways on the floor, tangled in blankets; struggling against them only held him further.“Hang on, Harry, let me…hold still...” The voice was stressed, but Harry recognised it again. Draco. Draco was trying to help.Harry fought the panic, shaking as he held as still as he could, feeling hands tugging at his blankets. At least he was free. “Breathe with me Harry, remember, nice and deep…” The voice, Draco’s voice again, was trembling. But it was Draco.“Draco,” Harry gasped again, scrabbling to sit up, to look at the figure in front of him. Draco’s eyes were wide, his long hair dishevelled as he stared at Harry. Harry’s eyes darted around, checking his arms, neck, face. There was no blood, no puncture wounds. The only thing that seemed to be making him anxious was Harry.With a shaky exhalation, Harry felt himself go limp, the adrenalin finally subsiding, leaving him weak. He leaned against the bed.“You’re okay.” The words were breathed out; he didn’t even know if Draco had heard him. Burying his face in his arms, crossed over drawn up knees, Harry tried to breathe evenly, the tsunami of emotion now swamping him. That was up there with the worst of his nightmares, the ones he dreaded more than anything.He had never dreamed about Draco before, though. The dreams with other people were bad; bloody sometimes, often leaving him guilt ridden as his loved ones screamed out for help he could not offer. Why was this one affecting him so much? The question was too much for now; Harry concentrated on his breathing, the cool air in his lungs and on his clammy skin a relief.“Here,” Draco said quietly, his voice further away than it had been. Harry lifted his head to see a flannel and a glass of water hovering near his face. Draco had retreated, sitting up against his bed as Harry was against his own.“Thanks,” Harry said, taking the flannel to wipe his face and neck. His hands were still shaking; he would not be able to manage the glass. Despite his dry mouth, he said, “Just on the table is fine.”Draco looked at him levelly before scooting over and taking the glass, holding it to Harry’s lips as he had last time Harry had had such a bad nightmare. This time his other hand steadied Harry’s head, fingers sliding around the back of Harry’s neck, warm and reassuring. Harry gulped down some water, pulling away when he was done. The glass settled itself back on his bedside table. Harry couldn’t take his eyes off Draco, checking that he was still alive. The dread he’d felt had still not abated, and Draco’s hand, still resting on his neck, was comforting.A flare of memory flashed before him, of Draco’s face, contorted in pain, cruel puncture marks marring his face. Harry flinched, one hand reaching up to grip Draco’s arm. “You were…” he started, but couldn’t continue. To his mortification, tears threatened.“I’m here,” Draco said quietly. “I’m fine. He’s gone.”“I know,” Harry choked out, the admission somehow breaking the dam of emotion. Harry felt his fingers grip tight into Draco’s t-shirt, grateful the hand remained on the back of his neck; as he sobbed, unable to stop, Harry felt Draco shift closer, carefully wrapping his other arm around Harry’s shoulder. With a gasp of relief, Harry leant into the contact, his own hands pulling Draco closer. It was the anchor that kept him from being carried away; Draco was silent, but his weight and the comfort of being able to feel for himself that Draco was okay, helped. Voldemort was gone, Harry told himself. He was gone and he couldn’t hurt either of them anymore.When Harry felt himself calming down, the vast rush of emotion – the sorrow, the fear and guilt – were gradually replaced. The fear lingered, though he could rationalise it to some extent, but his sorrow and guilt made way for unfamiliar affection…and embarrassment.Merlin, what was he doing? He was behaving like…Harry didn’t even know how to label it, but he was pretty sure it wasn’t like an eighteen year old wizard and his former-enemy-present-friend should act.“Sorry,” he muttered, sniffing and pulling out of the hug.“Harry,” Draco said, releasing the hug, his fingers sliding slowly (was that reluctance?) from Harry’s neck. “We’ve all had nightmares. It’s fine.”His smile was patient and genuinely empathetic, and Harry thought with astonishment it was probably the most honest moment he’d had since the War ended. Even his conversations with Ron and Hermione, secreted up to the Gryffindor boys’ dormitory after the Battle, had held back the full horror of what he had seen. They still thought him largely the hero; many of his nightmares had gone unseen, especially after he’d moved out of Ron’s room to give him and Hermione some privacy. There had been many nights he’d simply not allowed himself to sleep, avoiding the horrifying memories and tricks his mind devised for him.They would not have understood. He loved them like a brother and sister, but neither Ron nor Hermione had ever stood so close to Voldemort. Even Ginny’s brief brush with Riddle’s memory was nothing compared to being in the presence of the man himself. Horrible though he had been, the charisma of that wizard could not be denied. Of all his peers, only Draco had felt his terrible pull, understood what it was to have him in your mind, invading your very being. Taking your parents. Discarding your very soul and relishing your anguish.The embarrassment still remained, and Harry forced his weak muscles to pull him up to his bed, throwing his sheets haphazardly on top.“Thanks, Draco.” His voice was still not right – none of him felt right. Hopefully some sleep would do it.“You alright?” Draco asked as he straightened Harry’s blankets. He was watching his hands, not Harry’s face; there was something in his expression that Harry could not read.“Yeah,” Harry lied. “Yeah.”Was it disappointment that flashed across Draco’s face? Either way he stepped back, eyes flicking up to Harry’s face. The grey eyes were unsure, so Harry offered the most convincing smile he could muster.“Okay,” Draco said, though he did not look certain.Still weak, Harry lay down as Draco dealt with the lights, climbing back into his own bed. Harry found himself facing Draco in the near-dark. His eyes strained to see. Even after a few moments, when they’d acclimatised, it was all Harry could do to make out the shape of his body on the mattress. He was suddenly filled with gratitude that he’d shifted so his bed was closer to Draco’s – being able to hear Draco’s breathing was reassuring. Almost, Harry thought drowsily, as comforting as a hug.









Chapter 7: Exploration
    




Chapter Text
Harry woke, blinking as he stared fuzzily at the ceiling. It was still really early, he could tell by the light; he wondered what had woken him. Idly he wished there was a spell to fix his eyes. It would be weird not to have to wear glasses, but there would definitely be benefits. He sat up and stretched before settling his glasses on his nose.Draco was sitting up in bed, arms wrapped around his knees, watching Harry, his expression wary.“Um, morning?” Harry said, the words coming out more like a question than he’d planned.“Why are you…” Draco broke off, a slight frown on his face.The amusement of seeing Draco watching him so intently faded as Harry realised there was something Draco was trying to say. It looked like he’d been awake for a while, his face a mask of concentration. Finally, he spoke.“You dreamed about me last night.”Harry winced. The words were benign, the tone of voice bewildered, but the stark truth of the statement was impossible to deny.“Yeah,” Harry muttered, feeling a flush steal up his cheeks. Were they really going to have a conversation about this, when he had no idea what was going on in his head? His heart was beating faster now, and he waited for Draco to speak, not wanting to lead the conversation any more than necessary.“I don’t understand why you don’t hate me,” Draco said quietly.Harry’s heart stuttered, then resumed its accelerated beating. He stared at Draco.“I told you,” Harry said finally. “I’ve had enough of all that. I just want to get on with figuring out my life. Without Voldemort in it. Without hating half the people in the world.”Draco flinched at the name, but sat in silence again. Harry didn’t move.“But…” Draco trailed off. “I wasn’t…very nice,” he finished lamely.Harry snorted.  “There were a lot of people who weren’t very nice at school,” he said.“Harry,” Draco said, then stopped. Then started again, and it was like a dam bursting.“My father…I’ve told you about him. What he was like. What it was like, growing up there. I only learned the things they wanted me to learn, only met the people they wanted me to meet. I knew my place – never greater than my father, of course – but far above everyone else. It was like a game. Sounding like you were being nice to people but going behind their backs. Using power. Pretending to follow the rules. That’s what I took to school with me, the knowledge that I was better than everyone.” He attempted and failed to smile. “I was..trying to meet you. I thought if I impressed you...I had no idea why you’d chose Weasley over me. I was furious, and…embarrassed, I think. My father was angry of course, and Snape kept him informed of what happened at school. He was always looking over my shoulder.”He drew a deep breath. “When… he  returned, my father wasn’t as well received as he thought he should be. He wasn’t..trusted. It took everything my Father had to be allowed to lead the group into the Ministry. When it went badly, Father was to be punished of course, but…getting into Hogwarts was still...desirable.” There was a pause, and Harry wondered if Draco was imagining what happened at the Ministry that night. He himself was trying to banish the memory of Voldemort possessing him, filling him with pain until he wanted to die…“Father acted reluctant to let me help… him,” Draco really couldn’t say the name, Harry realised, “but I know my Father. He only cared about himself and my mother. She loved me, but he only wanted an heir, someone to continue the name.”“But I saw him searching for you,” Harry remembered. “During the Battle.”“She would have left him if I’d died,” Draco said, the tears still standing in his eyes, refusing to fall even as he spoke so coldly of his parents.“The school stuff wasn’t good,” Harry conceded. “But it was schoolboy stuff. We were kids, Draco. And you grew up…where you did, and learned what you did…” Harry shrugged, having neither the words nor the inclination to say it all again.Looking over at Draco, he could see the blond head bowed as he picked at a loose thread in his blanket. There was more there, more than a reluctance to accept Harry’s words…He peered more closely at Draco. “What else?”“I beg your pardon?” Draco asked, alarm in his eyes as they rose to meet Harry’s.Harry nodded to himself. His suspicious was right.“What else is there? I reckon you’ve been beating yourself up about this for a while. Making a list of the worst times in your head. Come on, bring up every time you thought you should have been, I dunno, nicer or whatever.” Harry curled his fingers in a ‘come on’ gesture, then allowed his fingers to fall. He deliberated made his expression challenging; Draco was as bad as he at refusing a challenge.“The bathroom,” Draco whispered.“What, where I almost killed you with a spell I’d never used before?” Harry said, raising his eyebrows.“Only because I tried to curse you,” Draco replied immediately.“Pretty sure you were defending yourself,” Harry said stubbornly. They’d both draw their wands that day; neither was innocent in that disastrous fight.“If I’d failed,” Draco said quietly. “ He  would have killed me. I think he thought I would, in the end.”Harry had no idea what to say about that. Ultimately, he still felt like it had all culminated in Dumbledore’s death; even knowing the cursed ring would have killed the old man either way, it was difficult not to link the events in his mind.He shook his head. This was the kind of thing he was trying to avoid in his life, now. Hashing back over events long past. Holding onto bitterness and hatred, allowing it to colour how he saw the world now. Nothing could change what had happened; assigning blame and nurturing anger would do nothing but continue a circle of suffering that had gone on too long.“Next?” Harry asked, his voice strained but determined. They were going to talk through all of this, he told himself, then never mention the bloody topic again.“That day at…the Manor,” Draco said quietly, looking down at his sheets. “I...my father…my aunt...”“Your aunt’s actions are not your fault, Draco,” Harry said immediately and firmly. “Merlin knows you are not your family.”“I knew they would call  him if they knew it was you,” Draco whispered, his face contorting. “I tried not to tell them…”“I know,” Harry said, and he had the oddest impression he was comforting Draco. “I could see your face, Draco. I know you didn’t have much of a choice. Between Greyback, your father and your aunt, there was more than enough menace in the room for anyone to do what they were told.” His own mouth twisted. “Merlin, we’ve both spent half our lives doing things we didn’t have much of a choice about.”A mirthless quirk of his mouth was all the hint Draco gave that he’d heard Harry.“The Room of Hidden Things,” Draco blurted. “During the Battle. I shouldn’t have come. Should have told  him …” he trailed off.“What, that you’d decided to change sides? Dark Magic not really for you any more, think I’ll just go home thanks?” Harry tried to make light of the situation, but he could see the anguish on Draco’s face. He thought back to that desperate night, the few words he’d heard from Draco and the others before the fighting had broken out between them.“From what I remember you were trying to stop Crabbe cursing me,” Harry said. “You kept telling him the Dark Lord wanted me alive.”“Yeah,” Draco said, voice thick. “Dragging you back to the Dark Lord, what a hero.”Harry stared at him for a long slow breath. “Did he threaten your parents?”“What?” Draco asked.“Did he threaten them. That’s what the Death Eaters were doing – threatening parents with their kids’ safety and vice versa. I bet he sent you inside to look for me, or you came on your own, but your parents were with him, weren’t they?”Draco nodded, and even from the other side of the room, Harry could see the tears in Draco’s eyes.“I know how persuasive he was. How frightening he could be just by speaking your name,” Harry said, pressing down his own horrific memories of his face to face meetings with Voldemort. “That’s why I don’t blame you, I mean yeah, maybe you could have done something noble and gotten yourself killed, but he would have sent someone else, wouldn’t he? We both know he would have done.” Harry kept his voice quiet and his tone even. “It was about survival.”Draco’s head dipped again in the minutest of nods and Harry’s heart eased just a little. They sat in the early morning silence until Harry felt his eyelids grow heavy again.“Look, it’s early,” Harry said, “and I for one don’t want to start the day right now. Let’s go back to sleep then start again.”“Okay,” Draco agreed quietly.“And Draco,” Harry said, “I’m not saying you can’t ever bring this stuff up again, but if you wanted, I dunno, permission or something, to let it go a bit…” he shrugged, not really knowing how to explain himself.“I mean,” he tried again. “I’m serious. About not holding a grudge. About that stuff. It was rubbish, the whole thing was, and I really do just want to put it behind us.”Draco stared at him, frozen, eyes wide. Harry held his gaze until his eyes started to water, then nodded and lay down again, hearing the rustle of blankets that told him Draco had done the same. Despite the hours of sleep previous, Harry felt exhausted by their conversation. With any luck he’d actually get some more sleep before having to face the day.+++“Do you want to look around the castle today?” Harry asked at breakfast. “We never did it yesterday.”Things had been a little strained after they’d risen again later that morning. Harry had dozed, but he had no idea if Draco had or not; it seemed too forward to ask.“If you like,” Draco replied. He flashed Harry a look and added, “It is your birthday, after all.”Harry felt himself flush. “Yeah, it is.”“Happy birthday.”“Thanks, Draco.” Harry accepted the quiet words. Anything Draco had been about to add was lost as they were interrupted by a smaller collection of the younger students who had avoided Harry and Draco so far this summer.“Um, can I help you?” Harry asked.The tallest of them, a girl with black hair, was pushed forwards. Reluctant spokesperson, then.“We know it’s your birthday,” she said, more to Harry’s breakfast than his face. “We just wanted to say happy birthday, Mister Potter.”“Call me Harry,” he said automatically. “Um, thank you.”“Thisisforyou,” she blurted, shoving something into his hands and bolting, followed at a run out the door by the rest of the group.“Right,” Harry said, looking up at Draco. The blond shrugged, mouth full of toast, so Harry opened the packaging. It was a box of chocolates, inexpertly wrapped.“Oh no,” he said, glad the group had left so they didn’t see his reaction.“What? That’s not a very nice reaction, Pott- hey!” Draco let out a little yelp when Harry smacked his hand away from the box.“In sixth-year I was sent a box like this,” Harry told him, pushing back and pointedly leaving the chocolates on the table. Draco grabbed the box as he followed Harry, still listening as Harry told him about Romilda Vane and the love potion.“Merlin,” Draco grinned. “I’ll leave these to you, then.”“I don’t want to leave them lying around, they’re dangerous,” Harry said. “I’ll just drop them at the Headmistress’ office, then do you want to see if the Room of Requirement’s still there?”“Okay,” agreed Draco. The Headmistress was out, but Armando Dippet’s portrait promised to explain about the chocolates so she could speak to the students about them.“Right, so how did you get in?” Harry asked when they had reached the Seventh floor. The wall was a smooth, unblemished stretch of stone. The fiendfyre had been fierce, and powerfully magical. He wondered if the room had survived at all.“Walked past three times thinking about what I needed,” Draco told him, eyes roaming over the wall, face impassive.“Yeah, us too,” Harry replied.There was a heavy moment of silence before Draco spoke.“I’ll do it, will I?” he started moving, and Harry stepped back, watching as he paced back and forward, a frown on his pale face as he concentrated.Sure enough, as he passed the third time, a door appeared.“What did you think about?” Harry asked, curious. Draco just smiled as he opened the door, and they both stepped through.“Wow,” Harry breathed. It was the same room the DA had met in, only smaller. The bookshelves were the same. There was a small pile of cushions, and even the whistle he’d once wished for was sitting waiting for them.“Did you…specifically want this room?” Harry asked carefully.Draco nodded, his face displaying his uncertainty.“Why?” Harry asked.Draco looked around for a long while, taking in the details. “My father was never able to produce a Patronus,” Draco said quietly. “He was terrified of the Dementors. Probably still is,” he said, a bitter smile twisting his mouth as he made the conscious effort to use the present tense.“You want to produce a Patronus?” Harry asked cautiously.“Do you know what the spell translates to?” Draco asked quietly.Harry shook his head. Was this one of the books Draco had been reading lately?“Expecto Patronum,” Draco said, “translates from Latin to roughly, ‘I await a guardian.’” The bitter smile was replaced by something far sadder. “When term starts I think I’ll be needing some protection.”Harry didn’t know what to say. This was by far the most personal admission Draco had made to him. They hadn’t talked about the start of term at all, though it had been at the back of Harry’s mind, wondering how things would be different. He was slightly ashamed to realise he’d only been thinking about himself – would people still stare? How would he cope with his classes? How strange would it be having a different dormitory?“A Patronus is only protection against a Dementor,” Harry told him quietly. “Not against people.”Draco nodded, his face resigned. He knew that, Harry realised. With a sudden burst of understanding, Harry looked around at the room again. It was fitted out to teach Defence Against the Dark Arts – as Draco had been thinking about when the room appeared. Defensive spells and enchantments. Just what Draco might think he would need when term started again.“A Shield Charm is better for people,” Harry said conversationally. “There are some good ones that’ll stop people without really hurting them, too.” Draco must know some of this already. Harry waited a beat then asked casually, “D’you want me to show you a few I picked up?”Draco had stilled as Harry spoke, and the silence now was heavy enough for Harry to hear his breathing and Draco’s in the vast space. It felt like an important moment, he thought. He was offering to protect Draco, to help him keep safe next term.To stand between him and anyone who saw fit to take a bit of home-grown revenge on what they saw as a nasty little Death Eater.At the understanding, Harry’s fist gripped tight in his pocket. Oddly enough he wasn’t alarmed by his thought. It made him more determined to make sure that if nothing else, Draco had a good shot at protecting himself.“Yeah,” Draco answered finally, his voice trembling a little, belying the casual tone. “If you want to.” He stole a look at Harry, who was looking right at him, one eyebrow cocked, calling his bluff on the nonchalance. They held each other’s gaze for a moment before Harry grinned at him. Draco returned it, standing upright at last.“Alright,” Harry said, taking out his wand. “Do you want to start with a Patronus? Or should we see what you’ve got first?” The second option was a clear challenge, and he was delighted when Draco smirked and drew his own wand.“Expelliarmus!” Draco cried.Harry dived reflexively to his right, gripping his wand.“Impedimenta!”He shot an Impediment Jinx at Malfoy, who immediately fell over but did not lose grip of his wand. The glint in his eye made Harry grin and think,  we need stuff to hide behind.  Immediately, he saw a range of objects to his left. Without a thought, Harry darted behind a large bale of hay. He’d seen a number of these appear, along with barrels and several enormous beanbags.“Petrificus Totalus!” Draco shouted, darting out from behind his own bale of hay to shoot the jinx at Harry.“Stupefy!” Harry retorted, seeing the spell barely miss Draco’s head as he ducked behind a beanbag. They traded basic spells for a while, rolling and diving behind the obstacles like crazy. At one point, Harry had the strangest impression they were making new memories, replacing painful memories with happier ones. Certainly, neither was aiming to curse the other this time, he thought wryly as a Stunning Spell whizzed over his head. It was kind of like Quiddtich, Harry thought breathlessly, the challenge and athleticism equally important. He’d have to get Draco to actually cast spells on him, see how strong they were, before-“Expelliarmus!”Harry had been so deep in his thoughts he’d forgotten about Draco, who had sneaked up and Disarmed him without a problem. Smirking, he caught Harry’s wand as it fell back towards the floor.“You win,” Harry said. When Draco reached out a hand to pull him up, Harry instead dropped his weight, pulling Draco back down, reaching for his wand. Draco wriggled away, holding both wands away, forcing Harry to pin him before he could wrench both from his hands.“Draw?” Draco panted, rolling his eyes as Harry stowed both wands away. They were lying sprawled across the beanbag and each other, panting like they’d run a mile. Harry felt light, as though the competition and sweat had driven sadder thoughts from him. He was alive. Blood flowed through his veins, electricity made his nerves sing, and he was  alive .“Draw,” Harry said, relaxing. He was quite aware of how close he and Draco were – legs tangled, one of Harry’s arms flung out and resting across Draco’s stomach as they both looked at the ceiling. It looked like a cathedral, until…“Is that the same as the Great Hall?” Harry asked. The ceiling had changed all of a sudden, looking like the sky they had left earlier. The most perfect blue, Harry thought to himself, then amended it. It was too warm, not quite the same as…“Yeah,” Draco admitted. “Just wondering what it looked like right now. This room is amazing.”“It is, isn’t it?” Harry murmured. They sank into silence then, Harry able to feel Draco’s heartbeat slow down as they both recovered. It felt curiously intimate, having first-hand knowledge of such an integral part of Draco. It didn’t seem to bother Draco, one of whose arms was trapped by Harry’s neck, the other tucked behind his head. He was far more at ease with his body than Harry was with his, and Harry found himself wanting to know how he did it. How was he so easy with himself that he didn’t even notice how close they were lying here?“Do you want to try a Patronus?” Harry asked. “Blast, I should have brought some chocolate. No, wait… we need a Boggart, really.”He felt Draco snort with laughter, another curious sensation when it was originating from someone else’s body. “I think we could just start without anything,” Draco said wryly.“Yeah,” Harry agreed. “You’re not that good, actually. Ow!” Draco had poked him in the ribs.“I don’t want a Boggart near you,” Draco said, “I see that face all the time in my dearest nightmares, thanks.”The comment was meant to be light, teasing, but Harry felt himself tense up. The face Draco was talking about, Voldemort’s face, flashed before his eyes. It frightened him, of course, but there were worse things, of that he was certain.“What?” Draco asked, trying to twist his face so he could see Harry.“Nothing,” Harry said, knowing it was futile to lie. If he could feel changes in Draco’s body from this close, there was no way he could have missed how Harry reacted to that joke.“Sorry,” Draco said. “Was the Boggart thing too much?”“Yeah,” Harry said, “I think so.”It had made him think about what a Boggart might actually appear to him as. In the past it had taken different forms for him, but now he wondered, and the realisation made his heart stutter.It would be Draco.Not dead, but sneering, dismissive, cruel. The way he had been in school, before a war had taught both of them more lessons than anyone should need to learn.That was his greatest fear.Merlin’s beard.“Would you really see his face?” Harry asked. It was a whisper, quiet and fragile, barely enough to be considered a question. Draco was quiet for a long time, and Harry wondered if he was ignoring the question.“I don’t know.” The words came as a surprise, just as Harry had thought there would be no reply. “A lot of things scare me now.”Harry nodded without replying. Watching the wispy clouds meander across the sky was mesmerising, and he felt his eyes growing heavier. They should probably get up, he thought drowsily. But it was very comfortable here, and neither of them had slept well the night before – or this morning, for that matter. Draco was breathing deeply, though Harry couldn’t tell if he was awake or not; surely he’d say something if he was uncomfortable. Harry would just close his eyes for a moment.“Harry.” A voice in his ear made Harry groan, protesting the noise that was dragging him from his sleep. He shuffled, snuffling closer to the warm weight he’d been pressed against.“Harry, wake up.” The same voice, more insistent this time, and a gentle jiggling that was a little too rough to be soothing.“What?” Harry asked, forcing his eyes open. He was still in that beanbag in the Room of Requirement. With Draco.Wrapped around Draco, to be precise.As soon as Harry realised, he pulled his arm away, face burning bright as a Phoenix’s fire. He’d been pinning Draco down, sprawled half across him as they slept.“Didn’t mean to wake you,” Draco said, “but I couldn’t get up.”“Sorry,” Harry muttered. He was mortified. What the hell had he been doing? Fumbling for his wand, Harry muttered, “Reducio,” bringing the beanbag back down to a manageable size so he and Draco could crawl off it.“I’d have done that,” Draco said pointedly, “but you still have my wand.”“Sorry,” Harry muttered again, handing it over without looking at Draco. He had no idea how Draco was handling the sleeping thing. Not terribly, at least – Harry hadn’t been dodging Stinging Hexes or anything.Refusing to deal with how he felt about it right now, Harry forced himself to look at Draco.“So, Patronus now, or another time?” Harry asked.“Now,” Draco said immediately. He met Harry’s eyes and smiled. It was reassuring, a smile to say, ‘don’t worry, we’re fine’.Harry was relieved, though there was still a lingering…but he thrust it away, to be dealt with later.“Right,” he said, thinking through the basics first. “Patronus. The incantation is ‘Expecto Patronum’. You need to find a happy memory, something really strong. Allow it to fill you up, that’s what will power your Patronus.”Draco nodded, his face serious. He closed his eyes and Harry could see him flexing his fingers around his wand. He opened his eyes, determination writ plain, pointed his wand and cried, “Expecto Patronum!”A gush of pearly white fog erupted from the end of his wand, making a shield before him. It lasted a few seconds before dissipating. Draco made a noise of disgust.“It might take a while to get a full corporeal Patronus to work,” Harry encourage him. “That was pretty good for a first time. Try again?”Draco nodded. He tried several times, each with the same effect, before his frustration was threatening to take over.“Okay, maybe we should stop there,” Harry suggested. “It can be tiring, doing it over and over.”“But…” Draco protested before turning away, shoulders hunched.“I know,” Harry said. “It’s annoying. But we can come back tomorrow.”“Yeah,” Draco said. He looked at his watch. “Lunch’ll be ready, actually.”“Great,” Harry said. He was hungry, but he also really wanted to get out of here for a bit. Things were…confusing. Tempting, his mind supplied, but he pushed the suggestion away.“Thanks, Harry,” Draco said, pausing before they exited the room. He looked intently at Harry, who blinked behind his glasses at the intensity of the gaze.“No problem, Draco.” His reply was quiet, he knew, but it seemed to carry an extra meaning for Draco, who nodded to himself before leaving the Room of Requirement.









Chapter 8: Confirmation
    


Notes:
Thank you for all the lovely comments. It's wonderful to share this with you all <3




Chapter Text
That afternoon, Harry took his broom out flying. The sky was perfect, the air warm, but Draco had begged off, saying he wanted to walk instead. Harry didn’t mind – he wanted the solitude, something to clear his mind so he could think without distraction.He flew fast and low over the trees of the Forbidden Forest, swerving to avoid the Thestrals who rose to fly alongside him. Perhaps they remembered him, but Harry wanted to be alone, so he turned, flying over the lake, easily outstripping the large animals before turning back towards land. He wove in and out of the Quidditch posts for a long while, doing every training drill he could remember until his muscles were on fire. Finally, he stopped, landing at the top of the Astronomy Tower, lungs burning with the effort, pleased at the blank white space in his head.This time he’d thought ahead, nabbing a few of his chocolate frogs and a flagon of pumpkin juice before he left. The view from up her was magnificent, and he drank it in, enjoying the quiet and the stillness of the grounds. He could see Hagrid tending to his vegetables, probably crooning to the pumpkins if Harry knew him at all.Sighing, Harry sat down, leaning against one of the hard stones of the parapet. He’d come up here for a reason, to think through what had happened, but his mind was too confused. He needed to talk to someone.He wished Sirius was here. Or Lupin, or even Tonks.Sighing, Harry set out the facts as he could see them.He and Draco enjoyed each other’s company.They were becoming increasingly close. The nightmares were a good case in point.When they’d fallen asleep in the beanbags, Harry had ended up wrapped half around him. More importantly, Draco had not seemed to mind it. And neither had Harry. He’d liked it, and he’d wanted to stay there, close to Draco, surrounded by his scent, his body, his warmth. As dozens of emotions whirled inside him, a memory suddenly came, clear as crystal.“Just because you’ve got the emotional range of a teaspoon doesn’t mean we all have,” Hermione had said to Ron. That memory sent a cascade through Harry. It had been after Harry had kissed Cho. Harry had kissed Cho in the Room of Requirement. Thinking about kissing, Harry was suddenly thinking about kissing in the Room in a very different context.He was thinking about kissing Draco.“Ah!” Harry made a noise as though he’d put his hand on a hot stove. That was it, that was why he’d felt so strange lately. That was why he’d needed space from Draco to think about it. It was Draco. He was attracted to Draco.“Fuck.” The word spilled out of his mouth as he considered the implications. It wasn’t that Draco was male – Harry had often wondered about his ‘orientation’ as Tonks had delicately put it when describing her father’s sister. He’d caught himself watching boys as well as girls, and it didn’t seem to be as big a deal in the wizarding world as for Muggles. It was that Draco was Draco, and they had a long and complicated history.A history that included some pretty nasty stuff. The conversation that morning had been a turning point, and Harry sincerely hoped they could leave their past behind them.Others wouldn’t see it the same way. They would see what they looked for, what they had always seen, and wonder why Harry wasn’t condemning him as they were. Yet when Harry thought of the Draco he saw that day in the bathrooms, it was the fear in Draco’s eyes he recalled most vividly. To Harry, who had more experience than most living under the shadow of an overbearing and frightening tyrant, Draco evoked more empathy that day than anger. Unlike Ron and Hermione, who as far as Harry knew, still hated him like they had when they were kids.I don’t care, a rebellious part of Harry thought.What would the others say? His brain asked.I don’t care, thought Harry.What will people think?I don’t care, thought Harry.Oh boy, he was in deeper than he’d realised.And what about Draco? Harry was rubbish at reading other people, but Draco had definitely opened up to him as they’d gotten to know each other. His attitude was vastly different to that of the arrogant schoolboy Harry had first met so long ago. They had relied on each other in difficult moments, and he had not been fussed by the falling asleep together. And there were those moments, the indefinable seconds where their eyes met, and Harry had the strangest feeling that Draco was holding himself back from doing something or saying something…Merlin.He needed Hermione’s calm brain. Hermione’s experience with this kind of relationship thing. But she wasn’t due until the first of September on the Hogwart’s Express. Plus Harry would have to wait out the inevitable torrent of worry and concern before he could actually ask her advice.For now, he needed an action plan. Something that would get him through until he could talk to Hermione and Ron. No, not Ron, he told himself. Ron would not be the right person for this conversation. He needed someone with far more emotional range than a teaspoon, he thought to himself with a smirk, then chastised himself. He was the one with no idea what to do right now.Okay. So he just had to make sure he and Draco kept the status quo. Nothing could change. He wouldn’t change anything. Don’t stop doing anything, don’t start doing anything. There was only a month until Ron and Hermione arrived. Surely he could cope with that?+++There was no way he could cope with this.When Harry arrived back at the common room, hours later as darkness had started to fall, he was greeted with the most garish birthday decorations he’d ever seen. Every colour of the rainbow was there, and some that might have been made up. Streamers, balloons, talking rosettes, continuous No-Spark Fireworks, and a huge banner that read ‘Happy Birthday Harry’.“Draco?” he asked into the absolutely silent space, dropping his clock and scarf.“Damn! Yes, I’m here…I was going to be there. Here. When you arrived. Sorry. Happy birthday!” Draco said, rushing out of the boys’ bedroom. He grinned at Harry who was still looking around, speechless.“Did you do all this?” Harry asked. His stomach was swooping, his heart was pounding, and his brain was wondering if there was a way of interpreting this without admitting that Draco might actually fancy him.Bollocks.“Yeah,” Draco admitted with a sheepish grin. “Kind of figured you’d never had a really stupidly big birthday bash, what with your aunt and uncle and all, even though it’s just us,” Harry’s heart swooped at Draco saying ‘us’ to mean the two of them, “I didn’t know if you wanted a lot of people around…”Draco’s grin was fading as Harry still failed to respond. “I mean, I bought the fireworks but the rest I just conjured, I can get rid of them if you like, if it’s too much…”Harry’s hand came up, gripping the end of Draco’s wand, preventing him from using it.“Don’t you dare,” he said quietly. “Thank you, this is brilliant.”Draco smiled again, and the new self-aware Harry knew his heart flipped because of that smile. So much for ‘nothing new’. He sat on the sofa and went to put his feet up before realising there was a huge pile of presents on the coffee table.“Are these all for me?” Harry asked, bewildered.“Not all from me,” Draco hastened to explain. “They arrived today though, so I thought you’d like to open them all at once.”“Of course!” Harry replied. “Come on, let’s see what I’ve got.” He deliberately extended the invitation, seeing how Draco was hanging back, unsure if he was welcome or not. Harry grinned as Draco sat on the opposite ends of the sofa, watching as Harry tore open the first package. It was from Ron – a study diary that sang encouraging phrases for each day of the year.“Running joke,” he told Draco, who looked horrified at it. “Don’t worry, I’ll give it to Hermione, she’ll love it. Oh, this is brilliant!” The rest of the present was a bottle of Firewhiskey. Ron was clearly exercising his rights as an adult wizard, Harry thought in amusement.Hermione had sent a note informing him that he should keep Ron’s diary, it would help him study for his N.E.W.T.s which were very important (underlined twice). She’d bought Harry a small book entitled ‘Healing Spells for the Adventurer’. His lack of skill in that area had been sorely tested while they had been away, and Hermione obviously remembered. There was a huge box of Weasley’s products from Ginny and George and a bar of Honeydukes’ best chocolate from Neville, whose note said he’d be arriving in a few days if Harry wanted to visit with him. Hagrid’s box of rock cakes was as inedible as always, though this time he’d added a long, stormy grey feather – Harry recognised it as being from Buckbeak. Mrs. Weasley had supplied homemade fudge and a card letting him know he was welcome any time at the Burrow. It was a lovely sentiment considering all that had happened, and he resolved to write to thank her as soon as possible.“And this is from me,” Draco said, sliding a small box across the table. Harry took the small box, recognising the embossed gold design immediately.“It’s a snitch,” Harry said in surprise.“Open it,” Draco urged. Harry did, allowing the small golden ball to spring out and hover in mid-air. “Take it,” Draco told him, and Harry did, feeling the familiar sensation of small wings struggling against his grasp.“Thank you,” Harry said. He had the feeling he was missing something. He could feel Draco’s eyes searching his face, but they must not have found what they were looking for.“Leave it out tonight, okay?” Draco said. Harry nodded, accepting that there was something else to it, but that Draco was not going to explain. He’d have to wait and see.Harry floated his new gifts onto his bed before cleaning up the mess. “Dinner?” he asked Draco.“Starving,” Draco replied easily.They walked up the hill to the castle in a companionable silence, though Harry’s mind was whirring. He was still trying to come to grips with how he felt about Draco, and he found himself analysing every moment they’d had since meeting again those few weeks before.He couldn’t tell where Draco stood; asking him outright was not even an option. As far as he could tell, Draco had relaxed into their friendship and was relatively comfortable with where they were now. It was a different friendship than any other he’d experienced. Closer, in a lot of ways; he’d never told Ron about his nightmares, not like this, and he and Ron would never be so comfortable physically. But that didn’t necessarily mean…“Harry?” Draco’s voice cut into his angst-riddled reflection.Harry looked up, blinking. He’d disappeared into himself at some point, eating automatically, and now dinner was over.“Yeah, sorry,” he mumbled, not meeting Draco’s eyes. “Tired. Flew longer than I’d planned.” He hadn’t told Draco how much time he’d spent sitting up on the Astronomy Tower, in the end.“Let’s head back down, then. Nothing on tomorrow, you could get an early night,” Draco said.Harry nodded and followed him out of the castle.“Those girls were watching you pretty closely,” Draco mentioned as they crossed the dark lawn.“What girls?” Harry asked.“The ones who gave you the spiked chocolates,” Draco reminded him. It felt like a million years ago.“Oh yeah,” Harry said. “Do you think McGonagall spoke to them?”“Oh yes,” Draco replied, smirking, “It was far more ‘staring daggers’ than ‘lovesick’.”“Right,” Harry replied, not really in the mood to discuss lovesickness. “Look, I’ll head to bed, I think,” he said.“Alright,” Draco said. “Take your snitch.”“Thank you,” Harry said. “For all this,” he waved one arm at the still exploding fireworks and decorations.“No problem, Harry.”Harry took himself off to bed, relieved when he slid into his bed without having encountered Draco again. His snitch was hovering near his bed, the steady thrumming of its wings quite comforting. Harry sighed to himself. He was going to have to get this thing under control if he was going to survive. Tomorrow was another day. He’d go and see Hagrid and do his utmost to act like a normal person.+++Harry slept through without a nightmare the next night, and the next. Three nights in a row was his record, and it hadn’t escaped his notice that Draco had also avoided nightmares.“What’s the deal with the snitch, Draco?” Harry asked him one day. It was unusually rainy and they sat in the common room lost in their respective books – Defensive Magical Theory for Harry, Jinxes and Counter Jinxes for Draco.“What do you mean?” Draco asked, marking his place with one long finger.“You know what I mean,” Harry said impatiently. “Three nights of proper sleep in a row.”Draco looked a little guilty, then sighed. “It sings a lullaby. In faerie.”Harry had the oddest feeling that he was speaking to Hermione. “I beg your pardon?”“Faerie song is too high pitched for humans to hear but their lullabies are known to induce dreamless sleep. Sometimes.” Draco shifted uncomfortably. “When it’s dark and quiet, the snitch sings.” Harry was still speechless, and Draco kept speaking. “I modified it a bit, so if we have…if Lumos is cast, so we can see, it’ll still sing. In case it doesn’t work. It doesn’t always work every night.”Harry was flabbergasted. “You did all that?” he said, just managing to stop himself adding, ‘for me?’ to the end.“It’s not much,” Draco muttered. “I don’t have much money, you know that…”“Draco,” Harry said seriously, sitting up and putting down his book, “look at me.”Startled, Draco looked up from where he’d been rubbing at a spot on his knee. Harry held his gaze for a long moment before saying clearly, “That is the most thoughtful gift I had ever received. Thank you.”Draco held his gaze for another long minute, then nodded and returned to his book. Harry sat back slowly, still watching Draco as he thought. Every time he reckoned he’d got himself under control, something happened to make Harry second guess things.“Think I’ll go and see Hagrid,” Harry said, standing instead of picking up his book.“Sure,” Draco replied, still frowning a little. Without thinking about it, Harry dropped one hand onto his shoulder as he passed, just letting the weight settle for a moment before picking it up and leaving the common room.+++Hagrid was home, Harry was relieved to see.“Hello!” Harry called as he approached, and the door opened for him.Hagrid’s smiling face appeared. “Hello there,” he said, welcoming Harry in. “Cuppa tea, then?”“Yeah, thanks,” Harry said, shaking his umbrella and standing it in the corner. He could see Hagrid had been doing something; sorting a large pile of mixed coloured stones. “What are these?” he asked, not touching the stones. They were shivering slightly, he could see, despite the unmoving table.“Eggs,” Hagrid told him, poking the fire with his umbrella. It immediately sprung to life under the kettle. “A mixed bunch. Magical slugs sometimes lay them all together, and I wanna separate them out before they hatch.”“Why?” Harry asked. The eggs were beautiful, all dark shades of blue and green, a few red and several deep gold. Harry would have mistaken them for rocks if Hagrid hadn’t mentioned it.“Well some of ‘em are flesh eating slugs, we don’t wan’ those around, do we?” Hagrid asked, picking up a green one. “And these blue ones are Flobberworms – gonna give ‘em to the secon’-years to care for. Red ones are rare, Harry, they’re mokes. Not all that maternal, mokes, so they hide their eggs with the slugs an’ let the young ‘uns fend for themselves. Not sure what I’ll do with them ones when they hatch. Might just let ‘em go into the Forest.”“Right,” Harry replied. “Can I touch them?”“Course,” Hagrid told him. Harry picked one up, rolling it gently as he sat, his thoughts whirling again.“Y’all righ’, Harry?” Hagrid asked. He’d sat down, but was staring anxiously at Harry.“Yeah,” Harry said, though it was with such little conviction even he wasn’t sure he believed himself.“Only y’seem a bit…down in the dumps,” Hagrid said. He stood up and poured the both tea, shoving Harry’s across the table to him.“Thanks…it’s just…Malfoy and I are the only two here,” Harry said. He was careful to call Draco ‘Malfoy’, which felt odd.“There’s a bunch of kids here, what are you on about?” Hagrid asked.“Yeah, a bunch of little kids who tried to poison me,” Harry grumbled, knowing he was exaggerating.“Wha’?” Hagrid said, immediately sounding outraged.“It was a Love Potion,” Harry sighed, resigned to the sound of Hagrid’s chuckling when he understood. “But I’m not really wanting to hang out with them, you know?”“Can’t say I see you wanting to hang out with Draco Malfoy either, Harry,” Hagrid said. His eyes were shrewd as he looked at Harry. “But you’ve been thick as thieves, you have.”Harry wondered how much Hagrid had already guessed.“Yeah, we fly together a bit,” he said. Without thinking he was sorting the eggs, shifting blue to one side and green to the other, adding red to the small pile Hagrid had made. He found a gold one and started rolling it between his fingers.“We’ve talked,” Harry said awkwardly. “Draco and I. He’s changed a lot. So have I.” A mirthless grin chased across his face. “Never really had a chance, between his family and mine.”Hagrid was quiet, nursing his tea as Harry stumbled on, trying to explain the unusual friendship he and Draco now shared. If Hagrid noticed him saying ‘Draco’ he didn’t comment. Harry left out some bits, glossed over others. Some things were private and he knew Draco wouldn’t want him sharing all the details.“It sounds like,” Hagrid said slowly, when Harry finished and was still twirling the deep gold egg in his fingers, “you and Draco,” so he had noticed, “have become friends.”“Yeah,” Harry said. “We kind of have.”“Have you told Ron and Hermione?” Hagrid asked. “Not sure how they’ll take it, to be hones’ wit’ you.”“Me either,” Harry admitted. “I think the start of term might be difficult.”“If he really has changed, Harry,” Hagrid said earnestly, taking the gold egg from Harry, “people will see it.”“If they give him a chance,” Harry said, surprised at the note of bitterness in his voice.“Maybe he’ll need some help, then,” Hagrid acknowledged. “Talk to Ron and Hermione. Get them up here a day or two early, get them to talk to Draco, see what he’s like. If y’have a few people talkin’ to him, treatin’ him normal, the others’ll follow soon enough.”Harry nodded, the lump in his throat and burning behind his eyes preventing speech.“If he makes you happy, Harry,” Hagrid said, so quietly his voice was just a low rumble, “you fight for him, you hear me?”Harry nodded, his heart thumping. Was Hagrid saying…what was Hagrid saying? Haltingly, he looked up, meeting the beetle black eyes of his friend.“’S alrigh’, Harry,” Hagrid said with a smile. “Maybe you should take this.” He handed Harry the gold egg. “Might bring you luck.”“What is it?” Harry said, grateful for the change of topic.“It’s a Golden Snigget egg,” Hagrid said. “They used to be used in Quidditch before the Snitch was invented. Once it hatches it’ll imprint on the first person it sees, follow ‘em around forever. They’re fast but fragile, mind, don’t try and pick it up or you’ll squash it. Loyal as anything, they are, and easy to keep – they eat just about anything, you don’ need to do a thing.” Hagrid beamed at him.“Thanks, Hagrid,” Harry said. “And thanks for the birthday present.”“No problem,” Hagrid replied. “Buckbeak wan’ed to say happy birthday too. You can write with that quill, it’ll last a good long while.”He beamed, then his eyes dropped back to the golden egg Harry was cradling. “Erm, you migh’ want to keep it quiet, though, not strictly supposed to have Sniggets as pets. There’re some in the Forest, I think, see the eggs sometimes. I usually leave ‘em, let nature take its course. Though’ you might need some cheerin’ up, though, and they’re funny little buggers.”“Thanks,” Harry said again. “For everything.”“Alrigh’,” Hagrid said, his eyes shining. “Off with yo’ then, work to do.”Harry grinned at the gruff reply and made his way back to the common room, cradling the egg carefully with one hand as he held his umbrella with the other. It was vibrating quite hard now, and he wondered if it was close to hatching.“Hi,” Harry said as he entered, discarding his umbrella and placing the egg carefully on his scarf on the table. Draco was sitting at the window. He started as Harry spoke, obviously having been lost in his own thoughts.“Hi,” Draco replied automatically.“Are you okay?” Harry asked. It looked as though Draco had been crying. Red eyes, paler face than usual.“Yeah, fine,” Draco said, and Harry decided not to push it. “Look, can we go and practice? In the Room of Requirement?”“Sure,” Harry said. He glanced at his watch. “Lunch is almost over, we could grab some sandwiches and stuff on the way.”Draco nodded, and they ducked into the Great Hall on their way. Harry was grateful the group of other students was gone, as he stuffed his pockets with sandwiches, fruit and pumpkin juice. They ate as they walked which helped with the slightly awkward atmosphere. Draco seemed to have pulled in on himself, and Harry wasn’t sure where they stood. Could he ask what was wrong again? He didn’t want to push, but it seemed plain to him that something important had happened in the hour or so he’d spent at Hagrid’s.









Chapter 9: Admission
    




Chapter Text
“Patronus first?” Harry suggested when they’d eaten their fill and were standing in the middle of the Room. “Might be good to do it while you have the most energy.”“Yeah,” Draco said. He closed his eyes and frowned, concentrating. When he finally raised his wand, Harry found himself holding his breath.“Expecto Patronum!” Draco cried. The same rush of pearlescent fog erupted from his wand; it lasted a little longer than last time, but evaporated all the same.“Damn it!” Draco roared, throwing his wand in frustration.Harry threw up a Shield Charm without thinking, knocking Draco off his feet.“What the hell was that for?” Draco shouted, scrambling up and stalking over to Harry.“I didn’t mean to,” Harry protested. “It was just a reaction when you threw your wand.”“When the Death Eater throws his wand, little Potter gets frightened,” jeered Draco.Harry froze.The room was silent, Draco breathing heavily, Harry barely breathing at all. The seconds ticked by, and Harry could see the anger draining out of Draco as he realised what he’d said.When Harry found he could move, he shifted a little, still holding Draco’s eyes.“When anybody shouts then throws something, I defend myself,” Harry said very quietly. “It has nothing to do with you personally.” When Draco didn’t move, Harry stepped carefully over, picking up Draco’s wand, checking it was intact. Miraculously, it was – the soft-fall floors had been an addition at some point, he hadn’t even noticed.Harry locked eyes again with Draco, who had watched his every move. Extending his hand, Harry offered the wand.“I don’t think of you as a Death Eater, Draco,” Harry said, still in the very quiet, small voice he had used before. “And as you can see, I trust you.”“I know,” Draco whispered, mortification and shame in his eyes. “Why, though?”Harry tilted his head. Draco looked brittle, his face strained as he waited for Harry’s reply. “You’ve had plenty of chances to hurt me before now,” Harry said. “But you’ve only ever been…” he groped for the right word. “Kind.”“Kind,” Draco repeated as though testing the word. “You think I’m kind?”“Yes,” Harry replied slowly, testing the answer and finding it rang true. “I do.”“I don’t,” Draco whispered, his voice cracking. To Harry’s surprise, his eyes filled with tears, but he didn’t look away. “I know other people won’t. Kind is not a word you apply to a Dea-”His voice was cut off by Harry’s hand sliding gently over his mouth.“No,” Harry said firmly. He slid his wand into his pocket and felt for Draco’s left arm, clutching the forearm, stroking the scar tissue firmly with his thumb through layers of fabric.“You are not a Death Eater, Draco. Voldemort is dead. He is gone.” Draco had convulsed at the sound of that name, his eyes panicking at Harry’s words. Harry paused. Draco’s tears were running down his cheeks now, pooling against Harry’s hand. He eased off, allowing Draco to breathe through his mouth.“You were a child,” Harry said. It felt a little ridiculous – they were talking about events less than two years ago, though a lifetime of events had happened in that short time.“You had no choice, Draco. Your father was making decisions for your family and you. Had. No. Choice.” Draco’s hand came up, clutching Harry’s elbow, his eyes imploring Harry to go on.“If you had refused this,” Harry pressed his thumb gently into Draco’s forearm, “he would have killed you. We both know that. We know what he was like.” Harry felt his own throat choking up as he remembered the helplessness, the crushing weight of Voldemort’s will.“I know,” Harry whispered, startled to feel tears dripping down his own cheeks. “I know what he was like. We were children, Draco, caught up in something terrible, and we had no choice.”“Do you…” the words were muffled, and Harry lowered his hand, letting it settle on Draco’s shoulder. “Do you really believe that?”“Yes,” Harry said firmly. He watched Draco’s face twist as he considered this, his blue eyes rimmed with red.“Others…the others won’t.”Draco whispered the words, his voice shaking, and Harry knew he was voicing his greatest fear. Not only of the students, due here in less than a month, but of the rest of the world. Lucius Malfoy’s name was well known enough even before his trial and subsequent incarceration that Draco would always be linked to his father.“Maybe not,” Harry said, knowing the truth was important. “Not at the start.” He tried for a smile and rather suspected he failed – it felt wobbly and imperfect. “But we can show them.”With a sob, Draco dropped his head, sobs wracking his body. Without thinking Harry gathered him up, hugging him tight, hoping this was okay. Random thoughts flew through his head as he held Draco close, feeling his hands grip the back of his jacket, the shuddering of his body as he let the fear and grief flow.Harry wanted to protect Draco.He hadn’t realised until he’d voiced the words that he really did think of Draco as largely a victim of Voldemort. No, he’d not been all that nice at school – but that was him as a child, a spoiled, brainwashed child of a nasty, spiteful man who had gone on to make frankly atrocious choices for his family.Harry did not blame Draco – he could still see the frightened student crying in the bathroom, begging for help as he attempted the impossible. In the same position, he might have done the same, hating himself but fearing the repercussions even more. They were so different, but there were similarities in their lives that could not be denied.Moments passed as they stood in the Room together, Harry’s tears silent as they rolled down his cheeks, warmth from Draco’s body seeping into his own. Harry’s hands had been gripping Draco, but slowly they relaxed, tracing slow circles as he had learned to do when holding Ginny as she sobbed.Time moved on and Harry found himself linked to the rhythm of Draco’s breathing. The sobs abated, the hands on his back softened. They were both sniffling self-consciously, but neither let go. Harry breathed deeply and slowly, Draco’s scent flooding his brain. The hands on his back were mirroring his own, the slow touch tracing something warmer than it should be. He found himself wishing there were less layers between Draco’s skin and his own, wishing he could feel the texture of Draco’s back under his hands.The taste of his neck, so temptingly close to Harry’s face.Harry exhaled, a shaky breath that danced across Draco’s bowed neck. The answering hitch in Draco’s breathing made Harry’s heart pound, and he wondered if Draco could feel it.Draco shifted, tilting his head, and Harry felt a stream of warm air pool against his neck. He shivered, realising Draco had done it on purpose, had shifted so his mouth was closer to Harry’s skin. The air he’d sent across Harry’s skin had been inside his body, had drawn heat from Draco’s very core.The idea was intoxicating and Harry’s arms tightened, not wanting Draco to let go. Surely, he would have to breathe out again, and Harry could feel the tantalising almost-touch again. Harry waited, forcing himself to breathe, hyperaware of his own body, of every centimetre pressed against Draco’s warm flesh. His own breath was still passing over Draco’s neck, and he wondered if Draco noticed the building heat.Before he could hypothesise Draco breathed out again, this time a long slow breath as though fogging up a window.Harry moaned.It was barely a sound, the merest vibration of his vocal chords as his blood rushed through his veins, the heat from that spot spreading through his body. It was deliberate and there was no way Draco could have missed Harry’s response. As loud as his own pulse was in his ears, the sound had been as shocking as a bell tolling; there was nothing else in this Room to make any sound at all.Desperately Harry held his breath, waiting for what came next. Would Draco move, warming another part of his skin? Harry knew this was far beyond the boundaries of usual friendship, but he was unable to do anything more than silently encourage Draco. So much for brave Gryffindors, a small part of his brain berated him. He waited, the moment stretching out.Feeling Draco breath in. Shaky. Nervous.Tightening his hold, fingers clenching just a little as Draco held his breath.The slightest of whimpers as he felt the beginnings of warmth against his skin, his body rigid.Gentle as a ghost, lips pressed against Harry’s neck. An open mouth, warm and moist, just sitting, waiting for his reaction. Tentative.Harry breathed out hard, his body reacting without direction. Hands gripping, head tilting away, a groan from somewhere deep and primal, pressing his face into Draco’s neck, trying desperately to ground himself while one thought repeated through his brain.
Yes.
His body relaxed and it was only his grip on Draco holding him up. He felt Draco’s arms tighten around him too, the blast of warm air that told him Draco too had been on tenterhooks waiting to see what would happen.Harry thought he might levitate with the sensation tingling through his body, and then Draco moved his mouth, just a little, still hesitant, unsure. Exploring. Lips tightening just a little, turning the resting, parted mouth on Harry’s skin into a definite kiss.Draco was kissing him. Harry gasped as the lips drew together, withdrawing before immediately returning, widening this time against his skin, pressing closer. Another whimper as something moved over his skin as though collecting, wiping from the surface. A tongue, it was Draco’s tongue, tasting him, drawing Harry’s flavour into his mouth.Harry thought he might die, explode with bliss.After all he’d survived, one slow kiss on his neck from Draco Malfoy would be his downfall.“Draco,” he whispered, not sure if he was still alive or if perhaps his heaven was this. Either would be good, he thought dazedly.At the sound of his name, Draco stiffened, his mouth stopping. Harry felt him breathe deeply before his body moved, standing up straight. Harry softened his arms, wondering if Draco was about to leave. Hoping he wasn’t. Watching Draco turn, Harry realised they were still standing quite close, Draco’s arms still holding him there – though he knew he could back away if he wanted to.“Harry?” Draco asked, his face finally visible.His expression shattered Harry. It was vulnerable, open and wanting and desperate and Harry knew he could name the emotions because he recognised them. They were in him too, and seeing it, seeing it all on Draco’s face gave him the courage he had not been able to summon. The same strange calm came over him that had sustained him in the graveyard with a newly risen Voldemort. He knew this was the right action, the right thing to do. The timing was as important as the action, and now was the moment.One hand moved of its own volition, fingers brushing tears from Draco’s cheeks, brushing his hair back from his face. Harry allowed himself to relax his walls, to let the same emotions show on his face as they had on Draco’s. He wanted Draco to understand. He wanted Draco to feel safe here, but also to know he had no idea what he was doing, that this frightened him too. They were the same, and they could trust each other.He trusted Draco.A watery smile tugged at Harry’s lips as astonishment blossomed with understanding in Draco’s face. Harry’s hand palmed Draco’s jawline, the roughness catching on his fingertips.“You need a shave,” Harry murmured, and the resulting blush colouring Draco’s cheeks was nothing short of adorable. Draco lowered his head carefully, resting his forehead on Harry’s, his eyes closing. Harry matched him, incredulous at the intimacy they had spun out of such a difficult conversation. He breathed deeply, his mind now recognising the faint cologne as Draco’s, the patches of warmth against his head and palm comforting. Draco’s arms still wound around his back, keeping him close.I want to kiss him, Harry thought. Immediately his eyes flew open, taking a second to adjust to the proximity of Draco. Instinctively he tilted his head up a little, searching Draco’s face. He looks content, Harry thought.His adjustment had been felt, of course, and Harry found himself looking into Draco’s eyes. There was still a little uncertainty there, and Harry wondered how long it would take for him to chase that away, how much reassurance Draco would need before he accepted Harry’s affection. For now, he smiled and drew up his Gryffindor courage.“I want…can I kiss you?” Harry asked. It felt awkward, but this one last hurdle – the last breath of self-doubt – needed to be overcome. He needed to hear the words.“I-if you want to,” Draco whispered, his voice overflowing with need. Harry could hear him asking for reassurance of his own, and it spurred him once again.“I do,” Harry replied, and Draco whimpered a little, his eyes dropping to Harry’s mouth. Harry pressed forward, his eyes open until the first contact. After that he couldn’t tell how long they stood, mouths gently locked together. Slow and gentle, lips caressing, soft whimpers and moans filling the air.Arms wrapped around his back again, pulling him close, pressing his chest into Draco’s warmth. He in turn held on, hand sliding back into Draco’s hair, thumb rubbing slowly against his neck. It was grounding, having something other than his mouth to focus on. That in itself was intoxicating, and Harry wondered if Draco could feel how aroused he was.The idea of that particular conversation pulled Harry up short and he shifted his hips away, pressing a last kiss to Draco’s mouth before leaning back slightly. He was panting, as was Draco, and they stood in the quiet for a few moments as their breathing evened out. Finally, Draco stepped back, hands trailing over Harry’s sides as he moved away. Harry watched, the tug of disappointment at his distance an odd little prickle down his spine.“So,” Harry said, clearing his throat.“So,” Draco repeated, his voice and face guarded again. Harry stared, wondering how deeply Draco had hidden this, this desire he had wanted so desperately only seconds ago. Was it that nobody had asked, or had there simply been nobody who looked at him hard enough to see the burden?“I’m…that was…” Harry started, and he saw Draco shift uneasily. He took a deep breath.“Good,” he said. Short and clear. Easier on his brain. “That was good.” Harry’s smile was forced to begin with, but the surprise and pleasure on Draco’s face flooded it into a genuine grin.“Really?” Draco asked.“Really,” Harry replied. When Draco blushed, not quite able to take his eyes from Harry, an impulsive thought crossed his mind.“Where’s your wand?” Harry asked.Draco frowned, but pulled his wand from his pocket. Harry smiled at him, nodded a little to say, ‘trust me’, and kissed Draco again, putting as much affection and trust into it as he could manage. When he released Draco, the blond gasped, eyes wide before smiling again, the same pleasure flooding his face.“Hold onto that,” Harry said, his face still close, his own heart pounding. He turned Draco around, embracing him, and slid his hand along Draco’s arm, raising his wand hand. “Let it fill you up. Use it.”Draco paused a second, then said clearly, “Expecto Patronum.”Something long and fast shot out of the end of Draco’s wand and bolted away, body swaying as it ran across the room. He almost dropped his wand arm in astonishment, but Harry held it up, murmuring in his ear.“Keep it going.”The animal turned at the wall, walking slowly back across the room to Draco, dropping to its belly before him. Draco kept it there for a few moments, watching it until it rose once more and twisted in midair, disappearing.“Wow.” Draco breathed, and Harry felt him lean back a little into the embrace. “What do you think it was?”“Some kind of big lizard,” Harry said. “Whatever it is, it’s corporeal – so it will protect you well.”“Wow,” Draco said again.“You did it,” Harry said warmly.“Just needed the right memory,” Draco said. He turned and pressed a quick kiss to Harry’s mouth, pulling away shyly before Harry could react. “Thank you.”“No problem,” Harry said. “Not that you’ll really be needing a Patronus…”“Not for the Patronus,” Draco said, his smile tentatively affectionate. “For the memory.”“Oh,” Harry replied, feeling a blush heating his own cheeks at the compliment. “You’re welcome.”“I have no idea what time it is,” Draco said, stowing his wand, “but I’m starving.”Harry didn’t bother looking at his watch. He grinned. “Have you ever tickled a pear?” he asked.When Draco looked confused, Harry laughed, grabbing his hand. “Come on, I’ll introduce you to the House Elves.”









Chapter 10: Awareness (and Felix)
    




Chapter Text
It was almost dinner time, as it turned out, but the House Elves were as pleased to see Harry as they ever had been. Draco was a little hesitant but the elves were so happy to serve anyone that he finally relaxed, taking a cup of tea and a warm scone.Kreacher was here, Harry was happy to see. He could feel Draco’s astonished gaze as he spoke to Kreacher, asking how he was and what he wanted to do now that the war was over.“I know you’re bound to the Blacks,” Harry told him. “But Sirius is gone, so what, I mean, what does that mean for you?”“Master Harry is very kind to ask about Kreacher,” the croaky voiced little elf replied. He shrugged. “Kreacher is still your elf, Master Harry.”Harry nodded then slowly pulled his scarf from around his neck. With a solemn expression, he offered it to Kreacher without a word. Kreacher hesitated before slowly reaching for the striped fabric. Harry heard his whispered words, and the echo of Dobby was strong.“Kreacher is a free elf, now.”“And are you…alright about…that?” Harry asked tentatively. He’d seen the range of reactions – from Dobby’s elation to Winky’s desperate denial – and wasn’t sure exactly how Keracher would respond to his freedom.“Kreacher would serve Master Harry, if Master Potter would like,” Kreacher replied. “But if not, Kreacher is happy here. If Master Harry doesn’t mind Kreacher staying.”“Of course not, Kreacher,” Harry replied. “If you want to stay here, that’s fine with me.” He accepted another cream puff from another elf as Kreacher beamed.“I can come and see you, if you’re here,” Harry said impulsively.“Certainly, Master Harry.” Kreacher handed the scarf back to Harry. “Kreacher thinks Master Harry will be needing his scarf, though.”Harry grinned at him, accepting it back. “We should go, now though,” he said. “Actually, might take a few of these for the road?” He eyed Draco’s face as the house elves scurried up to him, filling his arms with boxes – cream puffs and scones and jam and butterbeer.“Thanks!” Harry called as he and Draco left.“How did you…” Draco asked, waving one full hand back at the still life now hanging where the doorway had been.“Fourth-year,” Harry replied, bewitching the food to float down to their common-room from the Entrance Hall. “The Weasley twins told me. Well, they told Hermione.”“Seriously?” Draco breathed. He looked hard at Harry. “You found out a lot about this school, didn’t you?”“Yeah,” Harry said. “Hufflepuff’s the only common room I haven’t visited, maybe I’ll-”“What?” Draco said as they walked into the Great Hall for dinner. “What do you mean…when did you get into the Slytherin common room?”“Um,” Harry tried to remember. “second-year, I think.”Draco stared. “How?” he asked.“Polyjuice Potion,” Harry replied. “You were there, actually. Ron and I thought you were the heir of Slytherin, so we tried to ask you about it. You wouldn’t have talked to either of us, so we Polyjuiced ourselves into Crabbe and Goyle.”“Urgh,” Draco said as they sat down, “I bet they taste foul.”“They did,” Harry replied. “And Luna took me up to Ravenclaw Tower when we were looking for the Diadem.”“Salazar, Harry,” Draco said, ignoring the food that had just appeared around them, “you didn’t waste your time here, did you?”“I tried very hard to,” Harry protested. “Not much to show for it, though.”“Apart from the bloody great scar, you mean?” Draco replied.“Yeah,” Harry said, “but that was from before.” He rubbed absentmindedly at his forehead for a second. “I forget about it now. It hasn’t hurt for ages.”Draco’s knife and fork slowed, then he said casually, “I hope that happens to me.”“What?” Harry asked.“My scar.” Draco twitched his left arm. “Still hurts a lot, actually.”“What, when people touch it?” Harry asked. “Merlin, I touched it before…why didn’t you say something?”“You say ‘people’ like anyone’s gone near me in the last year, Harry,” Draco said. He looked down at his plate as he admitted, “And I didn’t notice it hurting before. My attention was elsewhere.”Harry grinned, feeling his face heat, pleased to see a matching flush on Draco’s cheeks. He was still self-conscious about this, whatever it was, and it was comforting to see Draco wrestling with it too.“Right,” Harry said, a little dazed. He took some sausages, absentmindedly handing them to Draco. They ate in silence, Harry wondering what Draco was thinking about. It wasn’t until they were making their way through the darkness to their common-room that Harry spoke.“You’re not angry, are you? About the Polyjuice.” It had been a long time ago, but…“No, of course not,” Draco replied. Harry must have looked puzzled, because he explained, “It’s a very sneaky thing to do. Very Slytherin.”“The Sorting Hat almost sorted me into Slytherin,” Harry found himself saying. He had no idea why he’d admitted that to Draco, when nobody else knew. It fitted with the conversation, though, and he wanted Draco to know.“My parents would have been…upset if I’d been anywhere but Slytherin,” Draco said.“Your father would have heard about it?” Harry asked, teasing.“He would,” Draco replied seriously. “He would have tried to make the Hat Sort me again.”Harry snorted at the idea of Lucius shouting at the Sorting Hat. He opened the common room door, letting them in before closing it against the cool evening air.Harry turned to find Draco standing very close.“Harry,” Draco breathed, his eyes roaming over Harry’s face in the half light.Without speaking, Harry curled one hand around Draco’s neck, pulling him down into a kiss, backing himself against the door. The contact was relief, and Harry realised they’d dropped their held hands as soon as they’d left the Room of Requirement and hadn’t touched since then. Who knew Draco’s skin would be so intoxicating? He felt Draco’s hands hit the door beside his head, the vibration matching the feel of Draco’s groan as it rumbled through both their chests. Hesitantly Draco parted his lips against Harry’s, his tongue pressing carefully along Harry’s lower lip.“Oh!” Harry’s gasp was pure lust – it streaked from his lips to his groin and shattered, cartwheeling around his body like Weasley’s Wildfire Whiz-bangs. When Draco stilled, unsure of the reaction, Harry hastened to meet Draco’s tongue with his own, a gentle caress against the curl of muscle. They stood stock still, only their mouths moving, touching and exploring, both still tentative with this new dynamic.Harry thought desperately that if he wasn’t holding back, if he just let himself loose with all the energy he was feeling, there would be hands and mouths in all sorts of places…the idea was both frightening and far more arousing than any sexual thought he’d ever had.As though he could hear Harry’s thoughts, Draco pulled away, leaning on his hands and burying his face in Harry’s neck, breathing deep and uneven. Harry’s hand was still against the back of his neck, soothing a circle as they both struggled for air.“Merlin,” Draco whispered. “You are remarkable.”“I am?” Harry said.“Yeah?”“Better kisser than Pansy?” Harry teased.“Not that I’d know,” Draco replied. His eyes sparkled as he added, “but there are certain effects you’re having on me, Potter.”The gruff tone, almost a growl, shot straight to Harry’s groin, and he bit back a groan.“Mutual, I’d say,” he managed.Draco grinned. “Good,” he replied, dropping a quick kiss on Harry’s mouth.“But seriously, the kitchens,” Draco said, stepping back and sliding into his usual seat near the window.Harry stood, frowning a little. “What about them?”“Well, I didn’t even know where they were there,” Draco replied. “I mean, I knew there were kitchens, but we just summoned an elf.” He shrugged uncomfortably. “They’re not as…insensitive as I was lead to believe.”“No,” Harry replied carefully. He knew this was a big thing for Draco – probably something he never really thought about, house elves; they were just part of a house, like the doors and the walls, and deserved no more consideration. He could see it still working through Draco’s mind.As Harry went to clear the coffee table so he could sit on it – close to Draco – he noticed something.“Merlin,” he said, poking at the broken eggshell.“What?” Draco asked. “What’s that?” he said.“Golden Snigget egg,” Harry said absently. “Must have hatched while we were out.”He frowned. Hagrid hadn’t given him much other advice about the bird other than ‘don’t pick it up’ – Harry had no idea what to do about it right now.“If you see it, it’s tiny, like a Snitch,” Harry told Draco, his eyes roving the room as he spoke. “Don’t pick it up, it’s really delicate.”“Um, okay,” Draco said, looking around the room. “Where is it?”Harry shrugged. “I guess it’ll show itself when it’s ready.”“Okay,” Draco replied, easing himself back into his chair. Harry picked up his book and settled in the chair beside Draco, resting his legs on Draco’s as he found his page.They passed a quiet evening, Harry reading until his eyes almost closed of their own accord.“Bedtime,” he announced, yawning. Draco was nodding off too, and Harry poked him until he woke. They stumbled into their dormitory, trading off the bathroom and crawling into bed. Harry was too tired to consider anything other than a mumbled, “’Night, Draco.”“Night, Harry,” came from Draco’s bed. Harry smiled to himself as the wings of his snitch started whirring.+++“What the-”Harry bolted upright, casting Lumos Maxima without thinking. Draco was sitting up and Harry was half way around the bed before he saw it.A tiny golden bird, a little puff of a thing, was settled on Draco’s head. It looked disgruntled, flapping its wings and twittering angrily at him. When Draco stilled and stopped shouting, the bird settled down, tucking its beak under its wing, somehow managing to look quite put out by all the fuss.“What the hell is that?” Draco asked in a furious whisper, pointing at his head.Harry, who was trying not to laugh, said, “I think that’s the Snigget. It…um…appeared to have bonded with you.”“BONDED WITH ME?” Draco whispered as loudly as possible while keeping his head perfectly still. “What do you mean, bonded with me?”“They bond to the first human they see,” Harry explained. “I’d say it’s yours now.”Draco’s outrage was palpable, but Harry couldn’t take him seriously with a tiny golden bird perched on his head.“Look, we’ll go and see Hagrid tomorrow, see what he has to say.”“Right,” Draco said. “And in the meantime I just have to sleep with a bird on my head?”Harry choked back a laugh. “No, I’d say it would probably be okay in your scarf or something, here...” he fetched Draco’s scarf and made a kind of nest. Draco offered the bird his hand then carefully transferred it, and it happily settled in the scarf with a self-satisfied wiggle.He shot a look at Harry.“Not a word,” he warned. “Not a single word.”“Of course,” Harry choked, his laughter rising close once again. He climbed back into bed and turned out the lights once again, the grin on his face unrestrained in the dark.+++The next few days were blissfully uneventful. Harry and Draco visited Hagrid, who was thankfully happy enough to have Draco sitting drinking tea in his home.Harry watched Draco watching Hagrid with the tiny bird and could almost feel the bigotry beginning to melt. The ‘great oaf’, as Draco had referred to him more than once before the War, was gentle with the fragile bird, murmuring to it and finding a clutch of tiny bowtruckle eggs for it to feast on. He’d explained that Harry was right, the bird saw Draco as its human and would be unlikely to change allegiance. He explained to a disgruntled Draco how to care for it before they left, returning to the common-room through one of the summer showers disrupting the week.With the inclement weather coming and going, Harry found his days less structured as he and Draco tried to take advantage of breaks in the weather to go flying or walk down to Hogsmede. It was nice, Harry thought one day, as he and Draco lounged in their common room. Nice to just spend time together, getting comfortable together in this new way.He’d Floo’ed up to Gryffindor and back so they could play Wizard’s chess with Ron’s old set after Draco’s self-assured comments about his prowess at the game. They were fairly evenly matched as far as skill was concerned; it was Draco’s complete lack of ethics that gave him the edge.He had no qualms in running his hand absently up Harry’s thigh as he studied the board, or stretching innocently, allowing the hem of his t-shirt to rise, showing off the pale skin below his belly button. Kisses at inopportune moments were always cut short, leaving Harry breathless and a little dazed.Eventually Harry had abandoned the game, taking Draco’s face in his hands instead and kissing him properly, chess game be damned. What had started out heated had mellowed, and they’d spent the afternoon almost dozing, kissing and holding each other as the rain and sunlight alternated through the day.The quiet intimacy was something Harry never knew he was missing. They didn’t talk much, other than quiet words about the rain or murmuring comments to Felix, Draco’s Golden Snigget. It hadn’t grown any bigger since hatching but had clearly decided that while Draco was its main human, Harry was to be tolerated, and sometimes nested in, too. As such, it shifted back and forth between the two of them, depending on who was arranged most to its liking.Having the tiny bird accept him, accept them, was oddly satisfying. The cocoon they had drawn around themselves included the little bird; in Harry’s head it was their talisman, a bright promise of their connection. He wondered if Draco felt the same. A quiet part of him thought to ask but it felt too much like a proper conversation. The bubble was too precious to burst quite yet.He breathed deeply, feeling Draco’s chest expand along with his own. Being close enough to feel that, to know what was happening to Draco’s body first hand was amazing. Even the fact that they were both here, alive, hearts thumping against ribs, was remarkable, and he was determined to properly appreciate this time before term started.+++They’d had the Snigget almost a week when Harry received a message from Neville, inviting him to tea.“Go,” Draco told him, pulling him down for a quick kiss. “I’ll be here.” He was stretched out on the sofa, reading the Quibbler – another thing Harry had converted him over to. Xenophilius’ articles were still amusing, but there was a definite move away from semi-mythical creatures and into more verifiable articles.“Hi Neville,” Harry greeted his friend. He looked around Neville’s sitting-room – the nicest the Three Broomsticks had to offer. “Nice place.”“Thanks,” Neville said self-consciously. “Bit weird, being on my own. I’ll be up at the school a lot, I expect.”“Did McGonagall not offer you rooms?” Harry asked, taking the seat Neville awkwardly offered him.Neville shook his head. “She did, but I told her I wanted to be on my own for a bit. Just see what it’s like.”Harry nodded. He understood how Neville, just finding himself, would want some autonomy, at least for a while. Madame Rosmerta knocked just then, bringing in tea and cakes. Harry smiled at her, and she winked as she left.“So are you Professor Longbottom now?” Harry asked as Neville poured the tea. He immediately felt bad as the blush reddened Neville’s ears.“No,” he said, “Just Neville, at least until Pomona – that is, Professor Sprout – leaves. If I’m offered the job.”“Of course you will be, Neville,” Harry encouraged him. He took a sip of tea. “Have you heard who’s taking up the empty posts?”“Well, yes, but I don’t know if I ought to talk about it,” Neville said, face doubtful.“I’ll find out soon enough,” Harry said, not wanting to pressure his friend.“Well, it can’t hurt,” Neville replied. “Bill Weasley’s coming to take up Defence Against the Dark Arts. He and Fleur want to be closer to the family, you know?”Harry nodded. Fleur had lost her sister and parents in the War as the Death Eaters had searched for Harry in ever more unlikely places. The Weasleys were all they had left, now, and with children to raise, he wasn’t surprised they wanted to be nearer the Burrow.“And what about Potions?” he asked. It would be odd to take a Potions class again, he thought. Slughorn had been easier than Snape to deal with, of course, but the Half-Blood Prince had still influenced his classes.“McGonagall has asked Slughorn to come back,” Neville replied. “He’s the best, from what she said.” He leaned forward. “Between you and me, I think she gave him a good guilt trip. The last Head of Slytherin had been so unexpected in the end. Really, though, I reckon she just needed someone.”Harry frowned. He knew a great deal more about the last Head of Slytherin than anybody. While he was still at the Burrow, the question of what to do about it had plagued him, but since returning it had not entered his head.“What do you mean about Snape?”Neville looked at him. “Well, I mean, that stuff you said, Harry…he’d been working for Dumbledore, trying to protect your mother and then you.” He shook his head. “He must have been seriously skilled at…what’d you call it, protecting your mind…”“Occlumency,” Harry answered automatically. “Yeah, he gave me some lessons.”“Really?” Neville looked surprised. “Well, yeah, I mean, you told You-Know-Who, right at the end…don’t you remember?”Harry shook his head. The whole of that last bit of the battle was a blur. He remembered concentrating so hard, those red eyes boring into him, his throat burning as he shouted words, anything to keep Voldemort’s attention…and then the blazing light of sunrise, a spell shouted to the heavens…“Well, you shouted quite a lot of stuff. Lots of people heard it.” Neville sounded a bit defensive, Harry realised. “I thought the Prophet would have contacted you.”“I haven’t really seen the Prophet since before,” Harry told him. “Heard a few things, read a bit of one article.” He didn’t really want to go into it right now. The Weasleys and the remainder of the Order had fiercely protected the Burrow and its inhabitants from the press. It had been such an isolated cocoon of grief he hadn’t even been aware of the renewed interest in him until leaving the Burrow.A slightly awkward silence fell. Harry took a cake, wondering how to change the subject without offending Neville. Finally, though, Neville spoke.“Look Harry, I wanted to ask you something,” he said, and Harry could hear the discomfort in his voice. “It’s about Malfoy.”“Draco,” Harry corrected him. There was a tense silence.“Yeah,” Neville said carefully. “How are things going? I mean, you’re the only two eighth-years yet, and,” he gave a nervous laugh, “I might have thought you’d Hex’d each other off the planet by now.”Harry gave a wry grin. “Yeah, I can see that,” he said. Putting down his empty teacup, he let the smile slide away.“Draco,” he said carefully, making sure Neville noticed the use of his first name, “is a lot different to the kid we were at school with.”Neville looked sceptical, but Harry held up one hand, bidding him listen. “I said the same thing to McGonagall when she told me he’d already arrived. I was…angry. But she asked me to talk to him, to ask him about his life, what it was like.” Harry was careful not to give specifics about the Malfoys – that was Draco’s story, if he wanted to tell it. But Neville was here and listening, and Harry wanted to explain.“I did, Neville. I listened, and I looked at him.” He took a deep breath. “He and I are a lot the same. Both kids born into something bigger than us. Still not even of age when we had to make a choice, a grown wizard’s choice about which side to follow. Only I had friends, teachers, allies. He had his parents and a bunch of kids of people who’d chosen Voldemort.”Harry sighed. “Look, none of this is really a secret, but it’s not for general gossip, alright?” Neville nodded. “Draco’s had the Mark removed from his arm. It looks bloody awful, Neville, must have hurt like…” Harry shook his head. “It still hurts.” Harry wondered briefly if it would ever stop causing Draco pain.“I’ve forgiven him, if that’s even the right word.” He remembered what he’d told Draco, the first day by the lake. “I’m not angry, because I don’t want to be. There’s been enough of all that. The only two things I know for sure are I have no idea what to do now, and I don’t want to spend the rest of my life hating people.” He looked at Neville, imploring him to understand. “That’s how all this started, Neville. Fear, and hatred. I just don’t want that anymore.” He forced a half smile. “If I can move on, I’d like to hope everyone else can at least try.”Neville looked at him for a long time. “Moving on is harder,” he said carefully, “when there’s something there to remind you.” With a wrench, Harry remembered, and knew Neville was talking about his parents.“Yes,” Harry said, “and I’m not saying you shouldn’t be angry at Bellatrix.” Neville flinched at the name. “Sorry. Or Voldemort. Sorry. But I’m going to be completely selfish here. That happened before Draco was born.” He took a deep steadying breath, knowing he was asking a lot of Neville. “Perhaps you could start with Draco. Start…just listening to him. Watching him, seeing how he treats people now.”Neville sat back, eyes still on Harry. For a very long time, he didn’t speak. Finally, he drew in a sudden breath and said, “He came to see me.”“What?” Harry said. “Who?”“Malf- Draco.”“When?” Harry asked automatically.“A few days ago.” Harry wondered where he had been. Flying, maybe? “It was your birthday, actually,” Neville said. “I gave him your present.”“Oh, he passed it on. Thank you.” Harry said, the courtesy a curious aside to this intense conversation.Neville nodded, rubbing his palms nervously on his trousers.“What did he say?” Harry asked, his heart in his mouth.“He apologised,” Neville said simply.“For what?” Harry asked.“For being a twat,” Neville replied. “I believe he used the phrases ‘self-important douche-bag’ and ‘nasty little snitch’.”Harry was speechless.Neville went on, “He was like a different person. Genuine you know, I could see it in his eyes. He looked like he was trying to be invisible.” Harry nodded. It sounded exactly like the Draco he had met that first day.“He also offered his apologies on behalf of his family,” Neville said, “for the actions of his aunt.” Harry could see the struggle as Neville bit back emotion.“Right,” Harry said, with no idea what else to say to this.“I accepted his apologies,” Neville told Harry, meeting his eyes. “He was hardly the only mean kid at school, and it doesn’t seem so important now, after everything. And you’re right – he doesn’t have to apologise for his aunt. But he made the effort to see me and ask permission to take Herbology this year.” He looked seriously at Harry. “That’s not the Draco Malfoy I knew from school, Harry. There must be something different in him, and I’m willing to give him a chance. I wanted to see what you had to say about him before I told you that.”Harry nodded, the lump once again blocking his throat. He and Neville sat for a while, the sombre mood surrounding them as they ate their afternoon tea.“Thank you,” Harry said.“So there’s more to this than friends, right?” Neville said, the change of conversational direction taking Harry by surprise.“What?” He asked, but he couldn’t stop the flush stealing up his cheeks.“Yeah, I’ve seen you two, thick as thieves you are,” Neville said smugly. While Harry was pleased to be off the subject of whether or not Draco would be welcomed into the Greenhouses, this was not exactly what he’d had in mind as an alternative.“You’ve been gossiping with Hagrid,” Harry said.“Yeah, I have,” Neville said shamelessly. “He’s seen it too. Flying together, walking up to the castle for hours at a time…”“Alright, so what?” Harry said. “It’s not like there’s a huge choice, you know. It’s Draco or a bunch of little kids who tried to poison me!”“Poison?” Neville asked.“Love Potion in chocolates,” Harry said resignedly. “McGonagall tested them for me.”Neville gave a shout of laughter, and Harry found himself bearing a begrudging smile.“Hilarious, I know,” he muttered.“Yeah, well, if you and Draco don’t want to be the talk of the new term, tone it down a bit,” Neville told him. “In fact, I bet you a Galleon McGonagall’ll pull you both in for a ‘talk’ before term starts.”Harry rolled his eyes at this, but the thought lingered as he said his farewells and started back towards the castle. What would he and Draco do when term started up again?









Chapter 11: Progression
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
Harry thought about his conversation with Neville the whole way home. It had been complicated, full of surprises for him. He appreciated Neville’s support, and his preparedness to give Draco a chance. It gave him hope that others impacted by the War might also be prepared to give Draco a chance.And Draco had gone to see Neville. It was a surprising move, one Harry had not anticipated. It certainly had affected Neville, too. As he passed into the Hogwarts grounds, Harry wondered what other conversations Draco had instigated with others.He was disappointed to find the common room empty when he returned. It was odd to find it empty of one person. He wondered how it would feel full of people? There were only ten of them, the eighth-years, but the room would be crowded if they were all here. It was unlikely, he allowed, given their ready access to both the House common rooms and Hogsmeade, although they would all be studying a lot. Still, it would be odd having other people here all the time.Harry let his mind wander for a while, thinking about getting back to the rigours of schoolwork. The absence of Snape was certainly a plus, especially if Slughorn was his replacement. He wondered how much of his O.W.L. work he’d remember – his sixth-year, supposedly the first of two N.E.W.T. years, had been rather full of not getting killed.He was just smirking to himself – every year had featured ‘not getting killed’ rather heavily, surely that would be the biggest change? – when Draco entered the room.“Hi,” he said, then addressed the tiny bird swooping around his shoulders. “Hi, Felix.”Turning back, he asked innocently, “does it answer to its name yet?”“No,” Draco said, rolling his eyes. Harry did notice he transfigured a lamp into a bird swing, though, and the tiny puff of gold settled there quite happily.“How’s Longbottom?” Draco asked. “Are we meant to call him Professor now? ‘Cause that’s kind of weird.” He flopped down in his chair, legs tangling with Harry’s as had become their habit.“I’m surprised you didn’t ask him yourself,” Harry said, smiling to keep the accusation light.“Mmmm,” Draco replied. His body stilled, retreated into itself a little. Harry recognised it as an automatic defence against whatever was happening. It still occurred when Draco was unsure, and Harry found himself aching for it to stop. He wanted Draco to trust him, to trust that his words were not meant to hurt, even in jest.“I was there for rather a different reason,” Draco said. “I suppose he told you about it?”“He told me some of it, yes,” Harry replied. “Why don’t you tell me what happened?”Draco’s eyebrows rose.“I went to apologise,” he said quietly. He opened his mouth, then closed it and shook his head.Harry waited patiently, allowing Draco time to find his words.“We both know what I was like, Harry.”“I think Neville said you used the words ‘self-important douche-bag’,” Harry offered.“Pretty accurate, don’t you think?”Harry had to concede it was.“I didn’t know anything else.” Draco said. “My whole life, I’d been told how much better I was than anyone. Especially Muggleborns.” Harry was impressed the other ‘M’ word hadn’t come out. Must be a different mental vocabulary, Harry thought. “Do you remember when we first met?”“At Madame Malkin’s,” Harry replied immediately.“I was trying to impress you,” Draco admitted. “You were the first person my own age I’d ever met without my parents there. The first person my age I’d ever tried to make friends with. And all I knew was that according to everyone I’d ever met, my father’s wealth and being in Slytherin were...enviable. Deserving of admiration and respect.”Harry remembered the conversation. He’d felt like an idiot, having no idea what Malfoy was talking about most of the time.“You thought Hagrid was a servant,” Harry said out loud.“Yeah,” Draco said. “As far as I knew, if he worked at the school, he was a teacher or a servant.” He shrugged uncomfortably, and Harry saw a glimpse again of the self-loathing. “I didn’t know anything else.”“Bit sheltered your life, then?” Harry asked, rubbing his foot up Draco’s shin.“Little bit,” Draco admitted.“Well, if it helps, you’re doing a pretty outstanding job of remedying that now,” Harry said. “Seriously.”“Yeah,” Draco said, rubbing his hands together nervously.Harry didn’t want to push it. Today had been intense enough.“You know, this sofa’s big enough for two,” Harry said. “And I’ve noticed lately that you’re…a long way away. From me.”“Am I?” Draco asked, his mouth twitching. He couldn’t hide the flush of pleasure when Harry took his hand and pulled him up and into a hug. They stood together for a long moment, swaying a little, before a sound interrupted them.“Was that your stomach?” Harry asked.“Maybe,” Draco replied, still hugging Harry. “I went to see Hagrid and he offered me the hardest rock cakes you’ve ever had in your life.”“Yep,” Harry said, hoping Draco didn’t feel his heart swoop at the news that Draco had visited Hagrid. “That’d be his best recipe. Best to dunk them in your tea before risking a bite.”Releasing Draco, he stepped back a little. “Dinner?” he asked.“Yeah,” Draco replied, smiling at him.+++A two week stretch without a nightmare between them had lulled them into a sense of security. That night when Draco woke, shouting, Harry reached automatically for his wand. Before he could cast a spell, the Snitch had burst open, spilling light to the roof, illuminating the room. Pretty handy, Harry thought as he stumbled across.“Draco?” he asked, repeating the name until the blond woke up, breathing hard, eyes wild.“Harry,” he breathed, reaching one shaking hand out.“I’m here,” Harry said, climbing onto Draco’s bed without thinking, wrapping his arms around the trembling shoulders. Draco leaned into him as Harry rubbed his back, waiting for his ragged breathing to become slow and smooth again.“Sorry,” Draco mumbled.“We’re not going back to that, are we?” Harry asked. “Just let me-oh.” He saw a box of tissues, a glass of water and damp washcloth on Draco’s bedside table.“Where did these come from?” Harry asked, picking up the washcloth. He offered it to Draco, then the water.“Snitch,” Draco admitted. He drank some of the water, replacing it and the washcloth on the bedside table.“Snitch? That Snitch?” Harry asked, pointing to his snitch, still alight, hovering over his bed. It was emitting a quiet soothing hum Harry hadn’t noticed before.“Yes,” Draco admitted, taking a deep breath and letting it out. “If the faerie song fails, it’s charmed to light up and provide this.” He waved one hand at the supplies beside his bed.“You’re kidding,” Harry breathed.“Obviously not,” Draco said, trying to smile through his still unsteady moue.Impulsively, Harry cupped Draco’s chin, lifting it so he could kiss him. “Thank you,” he said.He couldn’t explain how much he valued the thought that had gone into such a gift. Hopefully his kiss would do some of the explaining for him.“Harry,” Draco said, as Harry made to return to his own bed. “Will you stay? Just for a bit.”Harry stared at him, torn. While it sounded like heaven, sleeping with Draco in his arms, waking up right next to him…there were only ten days until the first of the other students returned. Harry had finally written to the Burrow, thanking Mrs. Weasley for her invitation and asking Ron and Hermione if they would come back a few days early.They’d arranged it with McGonagall, and both would Apparate into Hogsmeade several days before the Hogwarts Express arrived. Ron had wanted to come earlier but Mrs. Weasley had insisted on a family dinner for Bill and Fleur the night before, apparently – Harry was glad he had not been there to hear the inevitable row.“Draco,” Harry said, not answering Draco’s question, but settling cross-legged on the bed.“Mmmm?” Draco answered.Harry picked up Draco’s hand, running his fingertips down Draco’s fingers. Draco hummed at the touch, looking at Harry as he waited for the question.“Have you thought about…when term starts?”“You mean us,” Draco clarified.“Yeah,” Harry replied. He was pleased Draco had not pulled his hand away. They’d made a lot of progress there in the last two weeks, and he could see the trust growing between them.“I just…” Harry swallowed hard. “I mean, I don't want to not...do this. I'm not saying we shouldn't....but I don’t know what to do. About it. About how to do it. I just thought we should talk. About it.”“We should,” Draco agreed. “Maybe tomorrow? I mean, after breakfast.”“Sure,” Harry agreed readily. Thank Merlin Draco had understood his garbled explanation.“And in the meantime,” Draco said, pulling Harry down to lie with him.“Fine,” Harry huffed, knowing his reluctance would be as transparent as a Demiguise. Draco murmured at the snitch – which changed to the soft glow they usually used after a nightmare – and settled down beside Harry.“We can’t do this, you know,” Harry whispered into the darkness. It made him sad, he realised. He pulled Draco tighter.“I know,” Draco whispered back. Harry could feel his breath across the top of his head. “That’s why I want to do it now.”+++After breakfast, Draco and Harry made their way down to the kitchens. Kreacher was delighted to see Harry. The little knot of elves that gathered when they entered scattered immediately when Harry asked if they might have a picnic made up. It took only moments and he and Draco collected the basket, carrying it between them down to their common-room.“How are we going to carry this?” Draco asked. They were planning on flying for a while and finding a good spot somewhere in the hills behind the lake to stop and picnic. And talk, but Harry wasn’t thinking about that.“It’ll fit in here,” Harry said, pulling the mokeskin pouch out from around his neck.“Is that mokeskin?” Draco asked as Harry made the huge picnic hamper fit inside the tiny pouch.“Yeah,” Harry replied. He replaced the pouch under his t-shirt. “Ready to go?”“Ready,” Draco declared.Harry grabbed his broom and they stopped to pick up the Nimbus 2000 again before kicking off and heading out over the lake. The weather had been unrelentingly hot for almost a week, and Harry flew close to the surface, enjoying the water he kicked up as he flew. He saw Draco doing the same, the look of elation as he flew making Harry’s heart stutter.It was a glorious day and they showed off to each other, diving and spinning until finally, Draco pointed to a secluded spot. Harry nodded, spiralling down to land. It was a flattish clearing, shaded on one side with a deep stream running along one side; it would be invisible to the outside world.“Perfect,” Harry said, aware his voice was still too loud. It would settle once he’d been on the ground.“Yeah,” Draco replied, dropping his broom and stalking towards Harry with a determined look. Harry met him equally fiercely in the middle of the clearing, the natural high of flying still coursing through his veins. They kissed hard, hands gripping t-shirts and tangling in hair.“Ow!” Draco said, as Harry’s hands tugged on a knot of hair.“I keep telling you,” Harry said, groaning as Draco ran his mouth down the side of Harry’s neck, “you should cut your hair.”“Okay, okay,” Draco replied, between kisses.Merlin, he was good at this, Harry thought. They’d become a lot more comfortable with each other in the last weeks, to the point Harry was frustrated that things hadn’t progressed…further. They’d kissed, of course – mouths and necks and every bit of exposed skin a decently dressed person showed. There had been a time or two on the sofa where Harry knew he could feel Draco’s arousal pressing into him, and he was sure Draco could feel his, too. Neither had pushed anything further, though, and Harry wondered where his breaking point was.“You’re thinking too much,” Draco said, pressing the words into Harry’s skin.“Thinking about you,” Harry replied breathlessly.“I’m right here,” Draco said. “Whatever you’re thinking about, I probably am too.”“Really,” Harry said, the breathlessness taking away somewhat from his scepticism.“Oh yes,” Draco growled. Harry loved how single-minded Draco became when he knew they wouldn’t be interrupted. When he knew Harry was affected by him. That low growl was incredible, and Draco knew it. Harry almost, almost wanted Draco to take control, to kiss him until he couldn’t speak and then…And then, his Gryffindor courage failed him. His imagination did not, though the specifics were as vague as for any virgin. All he knew was he wanted more. More touching, more kissing, more skin. More of the exquisite sensation he felt when he showered, stroking himself until he came all over the wall. With Draco he instinctively knew it would be different, more intense – provided he had the nerve to instigate it.But a challenge from Draco was something he’d never been able to turn down. He suspected sometimes that Draco did it on purpose, goading Harry into something he knew Harry wanted but would not ask for.Clever scheming Slytherin, Harry thought. Thank Merlin, or I’d never have the guts. Without analysis, Harry’s fingers reached under Draco’s t-shirt. It was loose after their flying; Draco’s twisting had freed it, allowing cool air under to ease the hot skin.Hot skin Harry was determined to get his hands on. He took hold of the fabric, twisting to kiss Draco again as he lifted it, pressing his hands to the smooth skin. He groaned, and Draco’s mouth went slack as he breathed in sharply.Harry slid his hands upwards, curling over Draco’s shoulder blades.“Off,” he panted, tugging, and Draco lifted his arms, the t-shirt skidding over them and dropping to the grass. They stood before each other, panting, Harry’s eyes roving hungrily over Draco’s skin. His breath caught when he saw the thin scars across Draco’s chest. Scars he had put there. His fingers twitched, desperate to touch.“Please,” Draco whispered. “Please touch me.”




Notes:

Hi everyone, there will be a week or so until the next chapter. I'll have a chance to really sit down next weekend and get a good chunk of this going, and I'll publish as soon as it's done. Thank you for all your kind words on this! <3










Chapter 12: Assistance
    


Notes:
Hello, patient people! Thank you so much for your patience with this story. I've been trying to lock in the later chapters, making sure there's stuff in here to support all that - trying to get it right for you all. Your love and comments are the wind beneath my wings <3Also:Thanks to Wishingforadventure - I love your comments, please feel free to continue.Hoping this resurrects justagirlwithinternetaccess, whose ghost told me the last chapter left them dead. ;)




Chapter Text
Harry touched. He stepped forwards, palms landing squarely on Draco’s chest and kissed him again, hard, the emotion almost overwhelming him. He pressed, feeling Draco’s heart thudding in his chest, able to discern the hard nubs of his nipples. Experimentally he dragged his hands down, scraping over the flesh.“Merlin, Harry,” Draco gasped. He groaned as Harry did it again, pulling out of the kiss to drop his head, watching Harry’s hands hesitantly rubbing at his pecs.Harry watched Draco’s face, fascinated that such a small touch could have such an impact. The feedback gave him the courage he’d lacked earlier and his nerves settled a little. He lightened his touch, running one finger tip over each nipple in turn until Draco grabbed at his wrist.“Enough,” Draco gasped. He brought his head up and looked at Harry, pupils wide, eyelids lowered. “Your turn, I think.”Harry nodded, tugging his own t-shirt over his head. It was odd to stand still while someone inspected him like this.“Scar,” Draco murmured, running his fingertips over the ugly blotch in the middle of his chest.“Locket,” Harry murmured. “Long story,” he whispered, and Draco nodded. He placed his hands on Harry’s waist, steadying him as he bent his head, touching his lips to the place the locket had seared Harry’s skin. The locket scar, smooth though it was, still burned; Draco’s mouth was like fire, and Harry found himself gripped Draco’s shoulders.“Others?” Draco asked without raising his head.“Snake,” Harry said quietly, touching the twin puncture marks on his arm. A second later Draco’s mouth touched the places, his tongue darting out to taste each spot of white.“Umbridge.” The words on the back of his hand, covered momentarily while Draco pressed his lips to them as though his touch could fade the marks forever.“Gringotts,” Harry said, a long wide burn under his ribs. There were others, but none were visible. Another time, perhaps…“Dragon?”“Doubling Charm,” he replied as Draco’s fingers skimmed the scar tissue. “Metal. Gold.” He felt his breath hitch as Draco dropped his head, brushing long blond strands out of the way as he kissed the place.Harry drew a shaking breath. As arousing as this was, it was also emotional. He was sharing more than his skin with Draco. When the blond head rose at last, eyes lifting to the only scar Harry had not named, a wry smile passed over his lips.“And this?” Draco asked, fingers tracing the lightning bolt. Harry flinched, the touch still strange without the burning pain he associated with Voldemort.“You know,” he said.Draco nodded sombrely and leaned in, kissing a spot just to the side, avoiding the place that had made Harry flinch.“And you have these,” Harry said, pulling his eyes away from Draco’s, trailing his fingers down the white lines barely visible on his chest. The longest ran from over his collarbone nearly to his bellybutton. Harry’s fingers traced its length.“From me,” he said quietly. “I’m sorry.”“It’s gone,” Draco said. “Forgotten.”He raised his left arm, the huge angry scar glaring against his pale skin. “This is the one to be sorry about.”“Does it hurt?” Harry asked, wincing at the childish words.“Yes,” Draco replied simply.Harry had a flash of memory, his own thumb rubbing into the spot as they stood in the Room of Requirement.“I was touching it,” Harry said. “That day, in the Room. You should have told me.”“I didn’t want you to let go,” Draco admitted. “It wasn’t so bad.”“Yes it was,” Harry corrected him, certain he was lying.“Yes, it was,” Draco agreed. He smiled sadly. “But it’s better than…the alternative.”“The alternative?” Harry asked. Gently, Harry passed his fingertips over the skin, not touching, just tracing the shape. He raised his hand to his mouth, pressing kisses into his fingers and returning them to the air above Draco’s forearm. Draco’s head was bowed, and Harry could see him shaking.Slowly, Harry lifted the same fingers to Draco’s mouth, tracing the shape of his lips, parting his own, smiling when Draco copied him, allowing him to slip fingertips inside. He ran the pads of his fingers along inner lip, watching, fascinated as Draco’s expression changed.Carefully, Draco pulled his head back, allowing Harry’s hands to drop, capturing his mouth instead. Harry’s hand landed on Draco’s chest, forgotten for a moment as he dealt with the demanding kiss he was being drawn into. Having so much skin touching was incredible, Harry found. Not only could he feel Draco’s flesh under his fingers, but the sensation of Draco’s hands on his own body was electrifying. He could feel the exact shape of muscle and bone, the shifting as Draco pressed against him, restless.Harry felt it too, the sparks gathering in his groin, the desire for more, even after this new expanse of skin had been given him. He pressed closer, feeling his stomach against Draco’s, the sharply drawn breath telling him Draco was as interested in this as he was. His confidence growing Harry ran his hands around Draco’s torso, sliding them down his back. His fingers caught on the waistband of Draco’s trousers.Draco moaned, hips kicking forward.Harry froze as his own hardness was met with another. Time slowed as they slid along each other, his hips acting of their own accord, chasing the sensation, pressing into Draco until they could get no closer.“Salazar,” Draco choked, breathing hard, hands cupping Harry’s face.Harry’s eyes were closed, but he could feel Draco trembling, holding himself still. Waiting. Was he waiting? Wanting to see that Harry was okay with this?Slowly, deliberately, Harry rocked his hips forward again, knowing his breath was uneven as he ran his erection hard against Draco’s.The sound Draco made was…incredible. It was almost a physical entity, caressing Harry all over as it coursed around them both, ramping up Harry’s arousal to almost unbearable levels.Before he could form any words Draco was rutting against him too, gripping his shoulders, and Harry gripped Draco’s arse, holding on tight as he felt the tight knot in his pelvis wind and wind and wind until it burst from him, hips stuttering as wetness blossomed in his pants. Draco was still pressing, rubbing against him and breathing desperately into his neck.Harry reached one hand between them, curling his fingers around Draco’s cock beneath his pants.“Harry…oh, Mer-merlin…”It was enough to send Draco over the edge, arms grasping around Harry as he rode the sensation, finally releasing him as the aftershocks eased.The stillness felt sudden. For all the intensity of the last few (or many) minutes, Harry was very aware of the quiet. They had hardly been shouting, but the panting breaths, the pounding of his pulse and the few words each had spoken had been enough to fill his senses.Not to mention the blinding orgasm. As he realised it, Harry felt himself blush. He and Ginny had kissed; a few prolonged hugs perhaps, slightly wandering hands on both sides, but with her it had been soft and comforting. He’d certainly never had an orgasm with her, and he was pretty sure she hadn’t with him.So. First time, then. He wondered suddenly if Draco had ever…given his father’s propensity for controlling Draco’s life, it would mean it was with someone Harry knew. The idea sat oddly with him. The longer he thought about it, the more uncomfortable he became, until he saw the sensation for what it was. A deeper version of the jealousy that had hit him when he’d seen Ginny and Dean, years ago at Hogwarts. That had been a child’s jealousy – you have what I want.This, though. This was deeper, an envy Harry had never experienced quite in this way. It wasn’t the physical contact he resented, but the notion that Draco had shared himself with someone else at this level. That he had trusted someone, shared his body at such a vulnerable time.Bloody hell, Harry thought. I am in this far deeper than I thought.“Harry?” Draco’s voice was tentative. He still held Harry, arms looser now. Harry wondered if he was hiding his face.“Yeah?” Harry replied.“Was that…I mean, was it okay?” Draco asked.“Brilliant,” Harry said firmly, hugging Draco tighter.The arms around him tightened too, and Harry closed his eyes, enjoying the moment. It felt safe, so he took a deep breath and admitted, “First time I’ve…you know. With someone.”“Really?” Draco asked.“Yeah,” Harry replied. He didn’t ask, but the question hung in the air anyway.“I have,” Draco said carefully, “but not with…”“A guy?” Harry asked.“A Gryffindor,” Draco corrected, and Harry could feel the smile against his neck.“Oi!” Harry retorted, pushing away a little so he could look at Draco’s face. They stood for a few moments, looking at each other, adjusting to the new experience. The embarrassment Harry felt was mirrored on Draco, to his relief.“A guy,” Draco amended once more. “I’ve never fully,” he took a deep breath and his eyes closed and cheeks flushed as he said quickly, “I’ve had a couple of…helping hands. Never anything more. With anyone.”Harry nodded. He appreciated Draco’s honesty. It eased his mind, and the green monster in his chest was mollified.“Well I don’t know about you but I could do with a cleaning spell,” Harry said, shifting uncomfortably as his pants stuck to him.Draco grinned, as Harry hoped he would, and the awkward atmosphere was gone. “No problem,” he said, taking his wand from his pocket and pointing it at Harry’s groin. A cheeky grin, a muttered spell and Harry was a lot more comfortable.“Never thought I’d say thanks after you casting a spell in my pants,” Harry joked as Draco cleaned himself up with the same spell.“So many missed opportunities,” Draco replied. They both slipped their t-shirts back on, Harry reaching for a kiss once they were done. The casual contact was comforting after such a shared intense experience.“Right now I’d like an opportunity to eat, I’m starving,” Harry said. “And don’t forget the point of all this.”“I thought that was the point of all this,” Draco protested, waving a hand between them.“Merlin, don’t tell me you’re going to start making jokes about that all the time,” Harry groaned.“No, I’m not,” Draco replied. His smile faded a bit as he took a sandwich from the basket and handed it to Harry. “And I haven’t forgotten why we’re here.”Once they were settled on the picnic rug, Harry said, “So have you thought about it?”Draco shrugged. “Kind of hard not to.” He examined his sandwich pensively. “I…I don’t think I’m going to be very popular.”“I’m hoping to tip the balance on that a bit,” Harry replied.“Are you?” Draco asked, his face serious. “Because I would understand if you wanted to keep this, us, if there is an us…” He shrugged again. “Keep it quiet.” A huffed laugh, a false smile… “Or not at all.”“Jeez, Draco,” Harry said. He abandoned his sandwich, scooting over to sit right next to Draco, taking his hand. It trembled as he enfolded it with his own. “Look, I’m not very good at saying all this, so I’m not going to think too hard about it.” He took a deep breath. “I am not thinking we should stop seeing each other. I am not thinking we should keep it quiet. I meant it when I said I’m going to try and tip the balance. Ron and Hermione are coming a few days early,” Draco stiffened at the news, “I’m going to talk to them. Probably more than once, Ron’s pretty stubborn.”He could still feel Draco’s body sitting bolt upright beside him. “Look, it will give them a chance to talk to Hagrid too, and Neville.” He stroked Draco’s fingers in his. “I can’t promise they’ll want to talk to you. But I can let them know,” another deep breath, an unexpected flutter in his stomach, “I can let them know how important you are to me. And they can live with it, or not.”“You’d give up their friendship for me?” Draco sounded disbelieving.“I don’t…look, I’m not thinking of it like that. Merlin, when you put it like that it does sound serious.” Harry ruffled one hand through his hair. “I know Hermione. And I know Ron. And I think that they will both, at the very least, give it a chance, stop open hostilities, whatever you want to call it.”“You really think you can convince them to sit down and talk to me.”“Maybe not,” Harry said. “But I can convince them to sit down and not be nasty. And then you and I can talk, and completely ignore them, and I bet you a thousand Galleons they’ll be listening to every word and watching every bit of it.” He shrugged. “We’ll leave it up to them. They can start talking to you, or keep ignoring you, but one way or the other, they’re going to have to accept that you are here.”“They’ll never like me.” Draco sounded miserable.“Look, they might not,” Harry agreed. He felt Draco’s head rise to look at him, amazement on his face. “Well, they might not. But if they don’t, I want it to be because they don’t actually like you, the person you are now.” He shrugged. “If there’s one thing I’ve learned, it’s that you can’t please all the people all the time. There will always be someone that doesn’t like you and you can’t make them.” He turned Draco’s face to look at him. “All you can do is be you. The rest is up to them.” He smiled. “And me, a bit.”Draco nodded, though his face was still doubtful.“Do you really think…” he paused, looking down at their hands. “Are you sure this is what you want, Harry?”To Harry’s surprise, he felt a swell of emotion. There were precious few times in his life he’d been asked that question, especially by someone concerned for his wellbeing. He cleared his throat, buying himself a little time to answer normally.“A little less blind hatred in the world?” he said. “Yes please.”“But I mean,” Draco said, “Are you sure you want to…do this with me. I mean,” he rushed on before Harry could reply, “you could do the whole ‘see how he’s changed’ thing without,” he waved one hand between the two of them.“No,” Harry said thoughtfully, “I don’t think I could.”He let the words hang there for a few moments before leaning in to kiss Draco again.









Chapter 13: Support
    


Notes:
Hi everyone.If you’ve been waiting for this chapter, thank you very much for your patience. I am so grateful for everyone who has supported it so far.I’ve had to think about whether or not I’d continue writing this story after some quite negative comments deflated my enthusiasm for this ship. In the end my own desire to continue this story won out, along with the lovely support I have received along the way. Constructive feedback is one thing, nasty pointlessness is quite another.I’d hope readers choosing a story marked ‘Harry Potter/Draco Malfoy’ would comprehend that at some point both Harry and Draco would have to get past the events in canon if they are going to get together. Given what happened, it’s going to take a lot of understanding and forgiveness on both sides.Apparently not.So please forgive my frankness when I say this:If you don’t like this story, or don’t think the way in which the relationship develops is realistic, that’s fine (but remember they’re fictional to begin with and this is amateur fan writing).If you want to leave me feedback about it, be polite. It’s called tact. Remember I’ve spent dozens of hours on this, and you’re reading it for free. There’s no obligation to read it all, and certainly none to enjoy it.If you can’t say anything nice, just move on, find a story you like, and have a good life.If you’re still here, thank you. I do actually hope you enjoy my efforts to explore this lovely ship. <3 Blue




Chapter Text
The rest of the afternoon was quiet and calm. They took full advantage of the secluded space, kissing and talking. It felt like Draco needed reassurance more than anything, so Harry didn’t push for more. Watching Draco lick mayonnaise from his fingers had left him quite eager, though, and it was sheer force of will that kept him from rolling Draco close and showing him how distracted Harry actually was.It was nice, he had to admit, lying outside, eat and talking, touching without wondering if they were being watched. When term started there would be people everywhere, even the places he thought of as theirs. Plus they would be studying all the time, if his last academic year was anything to go by, and there was Quidditch, to watch if not train for. Days like today would be rare indeed.A small part of him wondered if they would be able to cope. He and Draco were close; he felt calmer and more centred when Draco was near. No matter what either of them did, even if they ignored each other completely, the year was going to be difficult, and while they had spent a lot of time together, little of it had been with other people around.Everyone had been scarred by the War. Many of the senior students had been here for the Battle; most had seen people die, some had killed Death Eaters. Many more had lost family or friends. Everyone had lost someone, and Draco could very well remind others of that just by his presence. It would be as bad as when Harry was suspected of opening the Chamber of Secrets, or putting his name in the Goblet of Fire. Whispers, taunts, cruel spells. Dirty looks, conversations that ended when he walked past. In a way, Harry hoped for that passive dislike. The alternative was far less pleasant, and that was assuming there was no feedback from the public once news of Draco’s presence and his relationship with Harry came to light. He hoped McGonagall was prepared to screen the post for Howlers, in his name as well as Draco’s.Funnily, the knowledge of how bad it could be only made Harry more determined to support Draco. Without Ron and Hermione his own experiences would have been unbearable. Even those weeks when Ron thought he had put his name in the Goblet, and later, when he left as they chased and were chased across the countryside seeking Horcruxes… Harry didn’t like to think about it.Draco was going to need that kind of support. Harry was nowhere near as confident in his ability to convince Ron and Hermione to listen to Draco as he’d made out. There was a good chance he was going to have to Hex Ron just to get him to sit in the same room as Draco.Ron was stubborn, but he was also grieving. In his mind, all Death Eaters were responsible for Fred’s death, and Draco was a Death Eater. Pain and rage were easier to maintain when you had somewhere to direct it.Harry was banking on their friendship being strong enough for Ron to trust him, even for only one night. He also hoped Hermione, by far the most logical of all of them, would want to see Draco before making up her mind. She would never like Draco, Harry anticipated, but if she could tolerate him, and help Harry convince Ron to do the same…they might all reach some kind of accord. It was probably the most he could hope for in the circumstances.It would be a very difficult year indeed if Harry, Ron and Hermione couldn’t sit in their common room together. Harry wondered briefly who he would chose, if the ultimatum was laid out. Would he really leave Ron and Hermione for Draco? Or would he be the kind of man that would drop his boyfriend because his friends told him to?The thoughts plagued Harry over the next couple of days. He and Draco spent more and more time wrapped together, conscious of the time passing, though neither mentioned it. Harry wondered if it weighed as heavily on Draco’s mind as on his.Returning from lunch with Hagrid, Harry watched Draco read by the window in their common room. He felt his heart curl with affection at the unconscious nervous habits still evident. The curtain of hair falling over Draco’s face must obscure his vision, Harry thought with gentle exasperation.“You need a haircut,” Harry said to him from the doorway. He’d just received an owl, a package he’d sent for the day they’d gone flying; he’d been waiting impatiently and couldn’t wait a second more. “And happy birthday,” he said.Draco looked up, surprised. “It’s not my birthday,” he said.“I know,” Harry shrugged. “But you spoiled me for mine, and this is something you could definitely use.” He watched as Draco opened the packaging.“Wow,” Draco said, holding up the razor, peering at the matching pair of scissors. “Harry, you didn’t have to-”He was cut off with a kiss, Harry’s mouth covering his own for a long moment. It was familiar and easy now, after so much time together; Harry breathed Draco in for a moment before gently separating himself so he could speak.“They’re enchanted. Pick one up, and it’ll cut your hair, or shave you. You tell it what you want, just be clear,” Harry told him.“What, right now?” Draco asked.Harry nodded, grinning. “Shave first, then a haircut.”“Seriously?” Draco said, eyeing the razor nervously.“Yes,” Harry told him. “Go on.”“Um,” Draco addressed the razor. “I…I’d like a shave. Please.”“Precise,” Harry hissed.“Um, no sideburns or anything,” he added as the razor rose toward his face.Harry smirked as Draco closed his eyes, holding still as the razor moved smoothly over his face. The smirk relaxed into a smile as the scruffy beard disappeared, leaving a smooth faced Draco in its place. It really was a good buy, Harry thought, tilting his head to see Draco’s jawline. Not a nick or a stray hair in sight, and his alabaster skin was still pale, not a hint of razor burn.“Finally, I can do this without risking a rash,” Harry said, cupping Draco’s face and kissing him soundly. It was returned with interest, and he had to peel himself away in the end.“I hate shaving,” Draco grumbled. He rubbed one hand across his jaw. “I’d rather a few days stubble.”“You can always grow it back,” Harry assured him. He grinned. “Not like I’m going to stop kissing you either way.”Draco smiled, his eyes resting on Harry’s, radiating pleasure from the small comment. Watching Draco’s face change as he spoke was addictive, feeling the contentment he tentatively allowed to show on his face made Harry feel…wonderful.What had started as Harry’s determination to reassure Draco had turned around on him. It was completely selfish, but he couldn’t stop.Pulling himself back, Harry tugged gently on the long strands of Draco’s hair. “Hair now?”Draco was still for a moment, before nodding hesitantly.“What are you thinking you want?” Harry asked.“Something different,” Draco replied. “Different from…school.”Harry could understand that. He wondered how much influence Lucius had imposed on his growing son’s hairstyle. Probably far too much, he thought.“Shorter, then?” Harry asked. He cast his mind back to the image of Draco before the War. His hair had been long enough to sweep back from his face.“Not too short,” Draco said, alarm on his face. “Not…spiky. Or anything.”“Okay,” Harry said, dropping a kiss on his nose. The fluffy moment was predictably broken by Draco’s huff, exactly as Harry had anticipated. Reassurance, again. He passed the scissors to Draco. “Go on, tell it what you want, then.”“Um, a haircut?” Draco said tentatively. “Of course I do, you’re a pair of scissors.” He scowled at Harry, who had broken into laughter at this last comment.“Okay, um, I want it kind of shorter than this. But not too short. Not spiky short. Shorter on the sides and at the back, but not shaved.” Draco stopped talking, grimacing at Harry as the scissors began cutting.“Yeah, it’s all funny when it’s me,” Draco said half an hour later, smirking as the last strands of Harry’s haircut drifted to the floor. He’d been so pleased with the new look that Harry had not escaped, and, he had to admit, looking into the mirror in the bathroom, it was better.“Not bad,” Harry allowed. He turned to Draco. “Are you really going to let it grow out a bit?” He touched one smooth cheek with his forefinger.“Yes,” Draco said firmly. “It wasn’t an option…before, so now I kinda want to see what it looks like.”“Well it can’t be worse that the scruff you had going before,” Harry teased.“Managed to get you interested, didn’t I?” Draco shot back.“Hey!” Harry protested.“I’m kidding,” Draco said contritely. “No idea how I did that, actually.”“You were just…you,” Harry said, smiling into his eyes. It was nice to be able to see his face properly. He ducked his head to plant a kiss on the side of Draco’s face, but came away with a handful of short hairs stuck to him. “Urgh, we’re both still covered in hair.”“We need a shower,” Draco said without thinking.Harry felt him freeze, his own brain catching up a second later. He felt his heart beating fast as he considered the implications.Was Draco suggesting they shower together? Judging by his reaction, probably not. The idea was…kind of confronting, but only because the idea of seeing Draco naked lead to a host of other things. Ideas. Images in his brain.“I mean,” Draco was saying, “we should each have a shower.”“Or,” Harry said, swallowing hard, “we could have a shower. Together.”The idea wasn’t completely foreign – the showers in the Quidditch rooms had no doors, so the boys had always glimpsed each other after matches. He had always wondered if the girls’ changing rooms were the same but it had seemed weird to ask.Showering together, though…with someone he was allowed to kiss. Someone who kissed him, and touched him, and as obviously aroused by the idea of him naked too, based on the sudden shift of Draco’s hips away from his.“We could,” Draco said. They both looked over at the huge shower.Harry frowned. “Last time I checked it was just a regular shower…”“Yeah…”A thought occurred to Harry, and he thought about the fancy shampoo one of the girls at the Burrow used.It appeared in the corner.“It’s like the Room of Requirement!”Draco looked at him, confused. “What?”“The shower is bigger because we need it to be bigger. Look, I thought about this and it just appeared!” he held up the shampoo bottle. “Wow, this is some serious magic, getting this to happen.”Draco looked at Harry, then the shower, and back to Harry. “I hope there’s plenty of hot water.”+++The next day they were sitting on the sofa, flicking through the school books they’d picked up earlier from Diagon Alley. Harry had given Draco his Cloak, brushing off his protests. The tension on Draco’s face had appeared as soon as the owls had delivered their letters that morning, and Harry had immediately gone to his trunk and taken out the smooth fabric.Draco had frowned before realising what it was, opening his mouth to protest. Harry beat him to it, wrapping the cloak around Draco’s shoulders and pulling him into a hug.“Harry, I-” he started, but Harry cut him off.“Don’t,” he said. “I know. Just wear it, okay.”Draco shuffled, arms still tight around Harry. Harry was in no rush; he could stand here and hold Draco for as long as he needed. He closed his eyes, breathing the moment in, marvelling that he was able to give Draco what he needed. Comfort. Support.“I’ll have to go and see McGonagall,” Draco whispered. Confused, Harry tried to pull back and look at him, but Draco held him tight. He’s ashamed, Harry thought. Why would he need to go and see…oh, of course.Money. Books and ingredients cost money, and Draco had none.“Don’t,” Harry said. He didn’t move, didn’t want to push Draco, but this was something else he could do for Draco, something as easy as the hug, when it came down to it. “Don’t see McGonagall. Don’t worry about it.”Draco shook his head. “I couldn’t, Harry.”Harry felt a swirl of emotion as he bit his lip. Frustration, that he couldn’t help, that Draco couldn’t accept his help. Should he push it? This was important to Draco, he knew, and he wanted to be supportive.“I won’t stop you from seeing McGonagall,” Harry said carefully. “But I want you to know…I mean, my parents left me money, and my Godfather too. There’s enough. More than enough.”There was silence for a few moments and Harry wondered if Draco had heard him.“Okay,” Draco said. “I’m still going to see McGonagall. But…thank you.”“Okay.” Harry pressed a kiss to Draco’s temple, and they separated. “Do you want to go today? It doesn’t look like great flying weather.”“Sure,” Draco said. “I’ll go after lunch.”Diagon Alley had been busy, and Harry wished he’d owned two Cloaks. The attention he’d garnered before disappearing to Hogwarts was nothing compared to this. It didn’t help there were so many students there collecting their school supplies – from the same shops Draco and Harry had to visit.After the fifth student had stopped Harry to talk to him, Draco had grabbed his arm, pulling him into a niche opposite Knockturn Alley.“Harry…can I meet you somewhere?” His voice seemed to be coming out of nowhere, and Harry was trying hard to look casual – and alone. “This is just…there are a lot of people here.”“You keep getting stood on, don’t you,” Harry asked him. He remembered what it was like in a busy place – just about impossible to get around unnoticed for long.When there was no reply he grinned. “You’re nodding, aren’t you?” Subtly, he held out one hand at hip height. To his relief Draco’s hand sneaked into his, pressing against his palm.“Meet me at the Ice-Creamery?” Harry asked. “Give me your list, you can pay me back later.” Parchment was pressed into his hand.“Give me an hour or so,” Harry said. “If I’m not back in three hours, I’ll meet you back at school.” A squeeze to his hand was all the reply he received. It was odd to know someone was gone when you hadn’t been able to see them in the first place.Squaring his shoulders, Harry sent a mental apology out, pulled a scowl on his face, and headed back out like a man on a mission. An hour. He could do this in an hour.+++He could do it in an hour, as it turned out, as long as he made no eye contact and kept his answers to the shopkeepers short. It wasn’t his usual personality, but it was efficient and didn’t leave him cringing at the end.When he finally made it to Fortescue’s, laden down with bags, he didn’t need anything to tell him Draco was close.“You ready?” he asked the air quietly, knowing Draco was there. He headed down Knockturn Alley a few paces and Apparated to a spot just outside the Hogwarts boundary.As soon as he landed he dropped the bags, looking around for Draco. A second of nothing except the worried thought that he might have been wrong and left Draco behind, before a voice from behind made him exhale.“How the hell did you know I was there?” Draco asked, pulling the Cloak off.Harry smiled and stepped towards him. He hadn’t realised how strange it had been to walk around, knowing Draco was close but not being able to see him. It still took a second to get used to, especially with the new haircut and clean shaven cheeks.“That’s my favourite cologne,” he said, bringing Draco close and kissing his neck, breathing deeply. “I could smell it.”“What, even in Diagon Alley?” Draco asked.“Even there,” Harry agreed. He pulled back, studying Draco’s face. It had changed every day as he’d steadfastly refused to shave.“You should keep this like this,” he said, rubbing fingertips over Draco’s cheek. “It really suits you.”“Thanks,” Draco replied. He touched his own face. “I do like it like this.”They smiled, until Harry shifted uncomfortably, a drop of sweat sliding down his back. “Merlin, it’s hot today. Let’s get back up to the common room.” He charmed the bags to follow them, stuffing his Cloak in on top of his new Dragonskin gloves.They’d sorted out the books and other things, Draco insisting on giving Harry the money for his share, before he started to read The Standard Book of Spells, Grade 7, Felix settled on his head. Harry sighed and took out his own copy. He was a little reluctant to admit how close the start of term was, but Draco had clearly settled himself in for an afternoon engrossed in the new text. Harry knew he should too; he would need all the motivation he could get this year.It would be weird not to have someone after him this year. No evil plots, no weird dreams or twinging scars. Just the usual stuff: homework, Quidditch, friends. Boyfriend. Being more famous than he wanted to be. Defending his boyfriend from everyone, probably.The usual.A little grin came over him as he considered how weird his normal was. At least he could cross ‘mortal danger’ off his list this year. Hopefully.He’d just started chapter three (Advanced Non-Verbal Spells) when a Patronus leapt through their window. It was a cat with distinctive marks around its eyes. He waited for it to speak.“I would appreciate it if you would come to my office, Mister Potter,” the cat said in Professor McGonagall’s voice. “The Floo connection is open.”“Yes, Professor,” Harry replied, and the cat disappeared back out of the window. He looked over at Draco. His expression was…apprehensive?“D’you know what she wants?” Harry asked.“Um,” Draco said, closing his book. “I mean, she spoke to me when I went to visit this morning. I wondered if she wanted to see you too.”“What did she say?” Harry asked. He tried to stop his heart sinking, but it was hard with so many disastrous scenarios popping up in his mind. Surely she wouldn’t tell them they couldn’t…Draco had shrugged at his question. “She wanted to ask about you and me. About the start of term.”Harry stared. “Right.” He wanted to know what Draco had said to her, but maybe it would be better not to know. “I’d better go.” There was an awkwardness between them now, hanging in the air, and with a sudden burst of insight, Harry knew Draco was panicking. He turned from the fireplace where he’d been about to Floo up to the Headmistress’ office. Draco was looking at his book again but Harry would bet he wasn’t even seeing the page. Harry took the book, tilted Draco’s chin up and kissed him.“Back soon,” he said, infusing his words with as much affection as he could manage. Draco smiled back, though Harry wasn’t convinced.Harry filled his pocket with Floo powder, then tossed a handful into the grate and stepped into the green flames.“Headmistress’ office,” Harry said clearly. The last thing he saw was Draco’s anxious eyes watching him go.A moment later he stepped out, careful to stand still for a second before looking around the familiar room.“Good afternoon, Potter,” Professor McGonagall greeted him. She was sitting at her desk, looking severe, and Harry swallowed. He didn’t know what the best scenario was, but ‘sitting behind her desk’ was not the most friendly possibility in Harry’s mind.“Good afternoon,” Harry replied, sitting opposite her. He was relieved to see a tea service and a plate of cakes; surely it couldn’t be all that bad.“I assume you know why you’re here,” Professor McGonagall asked Harry.“I’m not sure,” Harry replied, nodding when she offered him tea with milk. “I mean, I know you and Draco spoke this morning.”“We did,” she said. “I had planned to speak to you both before the beginning of term anyway.”Harry felt his heart beating fast. He accepted his tea, but left it on the desk. Apart from the shaking hands, he had no idea if his stomach would be okay with him drinking anything.Professor McGonagall sipped from her own teacup before speaking again. “It is obvious you took my earlier advice regarding Draco Malfoy,” she said. Satisfaction was evident in her voice.Harry nodded.“You two have been spending a lot of time together in fact,” she continued, her tone softening. When Harry nodded again, she pressed him. “It is obvious to anyone with eyes that you and Mister Malfoy have become close.”“Yes,” Harry managed.“I don’t mean to pry, Potter, but I must ask if you and he are…” she paused, “seeing one another.”“We are,” Harry replied, his face heating at the admission. He braced for her words of censure.“You both look happy,” she said, to Harry’s immense surprise.“We are,” he said warily.Professor McGonagall sighed. “It’s not a common situation, but it does happen, Harry.” The use of his first name threw him a little, before he realised she wasn’t condemning them.“So…why did you want to see me?” Harry asked.“With the recent history, there are other things to consider,” Professor McGonagall went on. “Mister Malfoy is as welcome as any other student, however there may be some…friction with others.”“Yeah, we know,” Harry told her. When she didn’t reply, he added, “I know he’s spoken to Neville and Hagrid, they’re both okay with him. Enough to get on with, at least. And Ron and Hermione are coming a few days early, I guess you already know that.”“Yes, their owl arrived several days ago,” she said. “Have you explained the situation to Weasley and Granger?”“No,” Harry admitted. The words hadn’t come when he’d tried to explain on parchment. “I need to see them.”“I can’t imagine it will be easy,” Professor McGonagall said quietly.“No,” Harry said. “But,” he swallowed, “things worth doing aren’t always easy.”She looked at him, and the hint of a smile crossed her face. Harry had the distinct impression she was pleased with him.“Well, onto more practical matters, then,” she said, and the atmosphere changed as she resumed the brisk business like manner he was used to.“Will it be appropriate for you and Mister Malfoy to continue to share the boys’ dormitory, or do we need to make alternative arrangements?”Harry’s face burned with embarrassment as he realised what she was asking. “I think…it will be fine,” he choked. When she raised an enquiring eyebrow he added, “I think it’s better if we’re in the same dormitory as everyone else. I don’t want people to think we’re hiding.”“We, Potter?”Harry’s heart thudded. “Yes, Professor.”“So you’ll be supporting Draco this year, then.”“Yes, Professor,” Harry said again, holding her eyes. This felt important. This was why she had wanted to see him, to check he had Malfoy’s back.She studied him for a dozen heartbeats until a glimmer of approval appeared.“Good,” she said finally. “I believe the start of this year will be…difficult.”“I’m used to difficult, Professor,” Harry told her.“Indeed you are,” she replied. Holding his gaze for a moment she nodded to herself. “You haven’t drunk your tea, Potter.”“Sorry, Professor,” Harry mumbled.“Off you go then,” she said. “And you let me know if Mister Malfoy is being harassed.”“Of course, Professor,” Harry said, hearing the dismissal in her voice. He Floo’ed back to the common room, head whirling as he stepped out, and not just from the journey.Draco was sitting exactly where Harry had left him. Harry walked over and pulled him up into a hug immediately, wanting the contact as much for himself as for Draco this time. He pressed into Draco, loving the arms that pulled him close.“Merlin,” he breathed. They stood for a long time, holding each other, until Harry blinked.“D’you want to know what she said?” Harry offered. Draco nodded, so Harry talked through the whole conversation. He hadn’t let go of Harry’s hand. When Harry reached the part when Professor McGonagall had said it would be difficult, fingers squeezed his; he squeezed right back. Draco’s face flushed when he recounted her question about their sleeping arrangements.“Salazar,” Draco groaned.“I know,” Harry agreed. “I told her it would be fine. I think it will be better if we’re here. People might think we’re hiding otherwise.”“We?” Draco asked.“Well, yeah,” Harry said. “If you’re gonna have your own room, realistically I’m going to end up there a lot, right?”Draco kissed him, hard and fast.“So I guess that means we’ll have to find time for ourselves,” Draco murmured.“We will,” Harry agreed. He looked down at their intertwined hands. “It will be easier for people to see you if you’re around, you know?” Draco nodded, eyebrows drawing together at the thought. “I know,” Harry said, “it won’t be easy. But I’ll be here. Pretty sure you’ll be sick of me soon,” he joked, trying to lighten the mood a bit.“Never,” Draco replied.









Chapter 14: Confrontation
    


Notes:
Okay, Muggles, this story is back on track. NaNo went well this November, and this story is officially finished! I'm just doing a final edit of each chapter and I'll be publishing as I go, so it will be done by Christmas.Huge thanks to Saratonin who beta'd this second half in a remarkably short time - your support and help is invaluable.




Chapter Text
Harry was well aware of the date; he’d paid it more and more mind as August drew on. Ron and Hermione were due on the twenty-seventh, several days before the beginning of term. A few more of the younger students had arrived, making meal times more complicated as the Great Hall was louder and more crowded.It was interesting to see how the students didn’t really stick to their Houses. He wondered if it was the fact that there had been so few of them initially – it would have been silly for the half dozen or so to isolate themselves into Houses when there were no classes, House points or Quidditch to mark the differences; most students weren’t even wearing robes, and few carried wands. From the furtive looks before anyone cast basic charms, they weren’t meant to be using magic at all.The gradual introduction of more students meant that each new student simply joined in, made friends or otherwise continued the unspoken policy of ‘talk to whomever you like’, and it was strange but good to see. Harry and Draco still kept themselves to themselves, sitting at the end of whichever table had the least students already there when they arrived. Harry could feel Draco pull into himself as they arrived each day, and his heart always tugged a little. A few students had caught their eyes, and there was the usual kind of whispering, but since the doctored chocolates, none had dared approach either Harry or Draco.Harry was privately quite pleased.“So, into Hogsmeade this morning?” Harry asked at breakfast. “I’m almost out of parchment again.”“Isn’t today,” Draco swallowed, looking supremely uncomfortable as he twirled his fork, “the twenty-seventh?”“Yes,” Harry replied carefully.Draco nodded, his eyes still on the piece of scrambled egg he was spinning around on his plate. “Did you want me to…what should I do?”When he finally raised his eyes to meet Harry’s, it was heart-breaking to see the resignation there.Harry swallowed the piece of bacon, feeling it sink into his stomach like a piece of lead.“I’ll have to speak to Ron and Hermione first,” he said carefully. He wanted to reach out to Draco, to make some kind of contact, but they were both aware of the fact that they were sitting in the middle of the Great Hall. Hardly private, and despite the rumours probably going around about them, the last thing Harry needed was confirmation, or worse, someone approaching either of them.“Let’s go back to the common room,” Harry said. “So we can talk properly.”“Maybe I should just…go up to the Slytherin common room or something,” Draco said. “Stay out of the way…”“No,” Harry said. “Please. Please?”Draco looked at him for a long moment, then nodded, pushing his plate away. He’d hardly eaten anything, Harry noticed.They walked in silence down to the eighth-year building, the space between them agonising. Harry could see Draco’s shoulders hunch, his hands clenching into fists as they came closer and closer. As soon as the door closed, Harry turned to Draco without speaking, wrapping the shaking body into his arms and holding on fiercely.“I am not hiding you away like a dirty secret,” Harry said, his words muffled into Draco’s hair. It didn’t even matter than Draco probably wouldn’t be able to hear him; Harry would tell him again and again, until he believed it. They stood there for a long time until Draco’s shaking abated. As they eased apart, Harry realised there was a wet patch on his shirt; Draco had been crying, his tears pressing into Harry’s chest even as his fists clenched handfuls of fabric at the back.“Come on,” Harry murmured. He took Draco’s hand with his own, pulling out his wand and locking the door over his shoulder as they moved to the sofa. When they were comfortable – limbs tangled but still able to look at each other, Harry tried to order his thoughts.“We’ve talked about this a bit,” Harry said, “and I don’t want to put words in either of their mouths, but it might help a bit if you know where I think they’re both coming from.” He didn’t even have to mention Ron or Hermione by name, and Draco knew who he was talking about.“I know where they’re coming from,” Draco began, but Harry held up one hand.“Please,” he said. He drew a breath as Draco hesitated, then nodded, though his eyes were guarded.“I don’t know if this is right,” Harry prefaced it. “But Ron…he lost his brother. Everyone lost someone, but for him, he needed to direct that anger somewhere. And he aimed it at the Death Eaters, which made sense, but he’s not…” Harry drew a breath, thinking about the extent of his friend’s pain again. “He’s going to find it really hard being here, I think. With people around that remind him of all that. And he’s going to want to hold onto it.” Harry frowned. “Hermione will help with that. She’s a lot more rational. She’ll want to see you.”Harry paused to see if he could tell how Draco felt about that.“Right,” Draco said, his fingers flexing nervously.“Do you remember what I said?” Harry asked. “If we can get them in a room with us – even with a lot of other people, actually – they can ignore us and we can ignore them, but they can see us. See you.”Draco nodded slowly.“What about everyone else?” he whispered.Harry tilted his head, considering. “I suspect McGonagall will have a similar conversation with everyone as she had with me,” he said. “Warning them that everyone is welcome.” Harry clenched his fingers around Draco’s. “And you’ll have me. I’m hoping that will help.”Draco nodded. “It will.”“One thing at a time, okay?” Harry said.“Okay,” Draco replied. He hesitated a second. “What did…what did you tell them?” He swallowed. “Ron and Hermione?”The words sounded funny coming from his mouth and Harry wondering if it felt strange to say them.“Hagrid suggested it, actually,” Harry said. “I didn’t really tell them anything, about you and me. I want to tell them in person. Because we’re friends, and I don’t want to upset that.” He shrugged, remembering how carefully he’d worded the letter. “Basically I told them I’d needed the time to think, that a lot here had changed, that I wanted some time to talk to each of them before term started, that it might be good to give themselves some settling in time before the rest of the school arrived.”Draco nodded. “So nothing about…me?” he asked quietly.“Not specifically, no,” Harry replied. “I wanted to have that conversation face to face.”Draco looked at him searchingly. “You think Ron wouldn’t have come back,” he said.Harry felt his face heat. “Maybe,” he conceded. “It will certainly be easier to keep him here once he’s here.”Draco nodded. He took a shaking breath. “So,” he said. “What’s the plan?”“Plan?” Harry asked.“Come on, don’t tell me you’re The Boy Who Doesn’t Have A Plan?” Draco asked, and the gentle tease eased Harry’s heart a little. If Draco was teasing him, he was feeling a little better, thank goodness.“I’ve almost never had a plan,” Harry told him. “Fly by the seat of my pants, that’s me.”“And what a nice seat it is,” Draco replied, his hands sliding around to grope Harry.Harry rolled his eyes, pulling away with a grin. “Actually, they’re going to Apparate into Hogsmeade after lunch,” he said. “I told them I’d meet them at the Hog’s Head for a drink before we head up to the school.”Draco nodded. “I might head out flying,” he said. “Meet you back in the Hall for dinner.”“Take my Firebolt,” Harry said. “And you know I’ll be worried if you’re not back for dinner, right?”“I know,” Draco replied. He leaned in, and Harry lost himself in the kiss for a while, hoping Draco felt comforted by it.“If you’ll be in Hogsmeade this afternoon anyway,” Draco murmured, his hands coming around to cup Harry’s arse again, “does that mean you don’t have any plans this morning?”“It does,” Harry replied, moaning into the kiss as Draco slid down the sofa, pulling him on top. “Did you have some ideas?”“Oh, I do,” Draco said, pressing his smile into Harry’s neck.The next couple of hours passed quite pleasurably, until Harry’s stomach reminded him they’d cut breakfast short. They’d eventually untangled themselves, pulling out textbooks and sitting close.“I might head down into Hogsmeade,” he said, closing his copy of A Guide to Advanced Transfiguration as he finished the chapter. “I can buy parchment first before I go to meet them.”Draco nodded, closing his own book and looking at Harry. “Is it weird to wish you good luck?” he asked.“A little self-serving, maybe,” Harry teased, pulling him up and wrapping his arms tight around Draco. “Go and have something to eat. Take the Firebolt out, and I’ll see you up in the Hall at sunset.”“Okay,” Draco said, pressing his face into Harry’s neck.“Promise?” Harry asked, pulling back to look into his eyes.“Promise,” Draco replied. He pressed a last kiss to Harry’s mouth, then disappeared into the bathroom.Harry picked up his gloves and scarf, tucking his wand into his sleeve before taking a deep breath of his own. He didn’t want to let Draco know how nervous he was about this meeting. He thought he had a good chance of getting Hermione to at least give Draco a chance, but in his heart, he didn’t know how he was going to convince Ron to even agree to stay in the same dorm as Draco.He strode down the hill, stomach roiling even as he knew he’d need to eat something. He passed in and out of several shops in a daze, eating something he didn’t remember, a part of his brain surprised he’d even remembered to pick up his parchment before heading over to the Hog’s Head.“Hi, Ab,” he greeted the barman.“Harry,” he said, nodding. “Mister Weasley and young Miss Granger are here already.”“They are?” Harry said, heart thudding hard again. “Thanks. I’ll just have a Butterbeer, please.”He picked up the proffered bottle and turned, eyes still adjusting to the gloom when he spotted them sitting in a corner booth. Strategically, he slid next to Ron, effectively boxing him in between Harry and Hermione. It was a little sly, but Harry would take all the advantages he could get right now.“Alright?” he asked, with the nonchalance he knew he adopted when he was nervous.“Hi Harry,” Hermione said with false brightness.Ron nodded, and Harry recognised his nerves, too – he was holding in whatever he thought was going to happen.“How’s things?” Harry asked lightly.“Alright,” Ron replied.“How was the family dinner?” Harry asked.Ron rolled his eyes, launching into a long story about his mother, Bill’s son’s new earring and the disaster that was four-a-side Quidditch featuring Ginny and Hermione. Harry listened with half an ear, his eyes drawn to Hermione who was clearly preoccupied with Harry. She was watching him intently, and it was hard to know if he was distracted because of her watching him, or if she was watching him because he was distracted. Ron was oblivious, and Harry knew from experience he’d go on and on with the smallest show of interest.“And what have you been doing?” Hermione asked as Ron stopped to draw breath.“Oh, flying a bit,” Harry said evasively.“Are there many others at school?” Ron asked, startled out of his monologue.“A few,” Harry said, hedging around the truth. “Just me and one other eighth-year.”“Oh, so you’ve had someone to fly with then,” Ron said.“Yes,” Harry said. “We’ve never really talked before, but we’ve got to know each other much better since I arrived.” He knew he was skirting around it but Ron didn’t seem to notice. Hermione had the faint frown on her face Harry knew meant she’d smelt a rat somewhere but wasn’t quite sure yet.“Oh good,” Ron replied distractedly. “So you got a new broom?”“Yeah, the new Firebolt,” Harry said. He could see Ron wanted to launch into a discussion of how the broom handled, but Hermione nudged him none too subtly.He glanced at Hermione, who looked at him pointedly.Harry waited. Clearly Hermione wanted Ron to ask something, but Ron was just as stubborn as she and neither would speak.Silence stretched around them for a minute, and just as Harry thought he couldn’t bear it any longer, Hermione leaned across the table and spoke.“Your letter was weird, Harry.”Ron looked sharply at her, but when he met Harry’s eyes, his face softened and he nodded. “It was a bit,” he agreed. He looked at Harry for a second. “What’s going on?”Harry wanted to deny it, but instead he said carefully, “I wanted to talk to you both before you came up to school. Some things are different this year. Things it took me some time to adjust to, and I wanted to give you a heads up.”Ron relaxed, and Harry realised he thought it must be something like the old days. Something bad, that they’d all hate, plot together to overthrow or something.“It’s not bad,” he said, reassuringly. Hermione had looked concerned so he addressed her, but he hoped Ron heard him, too.“What is it?” Hermione said. She frowned. “Do they not have a curriculum planned? Will some subjects be unavailable? Has the Ministry said we can’t-”“Hermione,” Harry interrupted her before she could work herself up. “It has nothing to do with schoolwork. Our N.E.W.T.s will be fine. There will be teachers, as far as I know, and do you really think McGonagall would have invited us back without checking with the Ministry first?”He watched Hermione relax, though her face was still attentive. “What, then?” she said. “Go on, tell us Harry.”“Well,” Harry said, suddenly nervous, “there wasn’t really space for any eighth-years in the dormitories.”“Yeah, I wondered about that,” Ron muttered.“They’ve built new accommodation,” Harry said. “Just for this year, I think. It’s just one building, for all the eighth-years together. It’s got its own common room, and you can Floo up to the castle.”“So you’ve been living there all on your own?” Hermione asked a little indignantly. “That doesn’t seem very fair.”“No,” Harry said. He paused. “Have you spoken to anyone? Do you know who’s coming back this year?”“Susan Bones,” Hermione said. “I don’t know anyone else, though.” She frowned. “What about Neville?”“He’s going to be working with Professor Sprout,” Harry said. “Kind of an assistant Professor, I think.”“Brilliant,” Ron said, though it lacked his usual breathy enthusiasm. “Come on, Harry, tell us what’s the big secret.”Harry took a deep breath. “One other person came back early,” he said. “And we’ve both been living in the eighth-year dormitory. It took a bit of getting used to, but we’ve talked and I think...” he took a deep breath. “It will be fine.”“What, Harry?” Ron said exasperatedly.Harry looked at him, not able to say the name, but Hermione figured it out first.“You’ve got to be kidding me, Harry,” she said. “No…you are not serious.”“Yes,” Harry replied. He turned to Ron, still in the dark. “Draco Malfoy-”“NO!” Ron said loudly before Harry could explain further. He sat down, clearly realising he’d shot to his feet, and lowered his voice slightly. “You cannot be telling me Draco Malfoy will be at Hogwarts this year.”“He will,” Harry said. He could see the rage boiling up in Ron, and he leaned in, hoping at least some of his words would register before Ro blew his top. “He’s not the same, Ron, the War changed him too-”“Did he lose a brother?” Ron cut over him, voice trembling with rage. “Was he chased by a massive army of people for months across the country? DID HE ALMOST DIE?”“Yeah, actually, he did,” Harry replied. He hated telling Draco’s story for him, but Ron needed to hear at least some of it. “He lost everything he’s ever known, and he’s damn well realised the mistakes he made. And,” Harry said, knowing there was no way this would turn out right but needing to point it out, “he did not kill your brother.”The words hung in the air between them, and Harry thought Ron might hit him. They sat there, barely breathing, until Ron pushed at Hermione until she slid aside so he could storm out, the door crashing open as he left.Hermione watched him, her face pale. Finally, she sank back into the booth and turned to Harry.“You should follow him,” Harry said, resignation in his voice. It had gone about as well as he thought it might. At least he’d said a couple of things that might stick with Ron.“I have questions first,” Hermione said. Harry looked at her in surprise, but she was returning his gaze, the steel he’d become accustomed to over the years at school back again.“Okay,” Harry said. He hesitated. “I can’t answer for Draco. But anything else,” he shrugged.“Firstly,” Hermione asked, “since when is he Draco?”“Since I looked at him,” Harry said. “Really looked at how he was. And listened, not that he talked at the beginning.”Hermione’s eyebrow rose, and she thought for a moment, eyes on Harry’s face. “So how is he, then?” she asked, and Harry knew this was an important question.“Changed,” he said quietly. “Quiet.” He groped for the words, wishing he had Hermione’s vocabulary. “He doesn’t assume he knows everything. Or anything. He offered to leave when he heard you two were coming.”“Leave?” Hermione repeated.“He figured Ron would be angry with him,” Harry said. “He didn’t expect to be…”“Liked?” Hermione supplied sarcastically.“Tolerated,” Harry corrected her. “He assumed everyone would hate him.”Another raised eyebrow. “Then why did he come back?” Hermione asked.Harry looked at her. “I think he had nowhere else to go,” Harry said quietly. “His parents are in Azkaban, the only other family he knows are dead. Everything of value was seized. He had no friends, no money, and a dirty great scar on his arm that meant most people wouldn’t even bother spitting on him.”Hermione nodded, then frowned. “Scar?” she asked.“I think he tried to curse his Dark Mark off,” Harry said. “It’s gone, but the scar is nasty.”Hermione nodded again, her fingers going absently to the place on her own arm that Harry knew bore the scar of Bellatrix Lestrange’s twisted fun.“So he’s only here because he has no choice,” she summarised. “Does he even want to be here?”“That’s not really it,” Harry said patiently. “He came back because it’s the only place he wants to be.” He paused. “I don’t know if he knew I’d come back. I don’t think he even thought he’d last the year, really.” He looked down, hoping Hermione couldn’t read the pain he felt at thinking about Draco’s state of mind before they’d reconciled at Hogwarts.“But you came back early,” Hermione prompted, and Harry realised she wanted to hear the story.“And I came back early,” Harry said, “and McGonagall greeted me, and told me Draco was here, and told me I should listen to him. At least give him a chance.”“And you just…did?” Hermione asked.“Yeah,” Harry said. He looked at her, really looked, and willed her to understand. “I just…can’t go around hating people anymore, Hermione. It’s bloody exhausting, and I just want to be left alone, I guess.”“But he was awful,” Hermione whispered.“Yeah,” Harry said. “He was. But he’s not now. And I’m not going to hold that…that schoolboy stuff against him for the rest of his life.” He sat back, suddenly impatient to get through this conversation. “Look, it’s not my story to tell, but you met Lucius, right?” Hermione nodded. “So think about what it would be like to live in that house, with him as a father. Think about how much Draco would have had it in his own life, his own thoughts…and what would have happened if he’d refused Voldemort.”Hermione looked at him, her eyes wide and thoughtful.Harry slid along the seat. “You should go after Ron,” he said. “I know it will take a lot for him to do this. But he needs to know – and you do, I guess – that Draco and I are…friends. And I’m not going to choose between you. I’m not starting that kind of thing again.” He took a step, then turned back, knowing Hermione would see more than he wanted her to, but unable to stop himself.“Just give him a chance, Hermione,” he said, knowing it sounded like he was begging. “Just one chance. Please.”Turning again, not allowing himself to focus on Hermione’s face, Harry strode out of the bar and into the sunlight.









Chapter 15: Reaction
    




Chapter Text
Harry was starving when he got up to the castle, and instead of going down to the common room, he detoured to the kitchens.“Hi, Kreacher,” he said when the house elf bustled up to him.“Is Master Harry hungry?” Kreacher asked.“Yeah,” Harry said, sitting as an elf brought him a chair and another two hurried over with a large chicken pie and a jug of pumpkin juice.Kreacher hung around, and Harry had the oddest sensation he wanted to say something.“What is it, Kreacher?” Harry asked.Kreacher looked startled. “Nothing, Master Harry,” he blurted, but before he could go, Harry spoke to him.“Sorry,” he said, “I’m not…you looked like you wanted to say something.”“Kreacher noticed you and the Malfoy boy have been coming into the kitchen together,” Kreacher said. “Kreacher wanted to know…”“Ask me, it’s fine,” Harry said. “Really, Kreacher.”“Kreacher knows the Black family tree,” Kreacher said. “It was required when Kreacher worked for the Black family.”“Yeah, well, the Black line is gone,” Harry muttered.“The most direct descendant is Draco Malfoy,” Kreacher blurted.Harry paused, thinking for a moment. That made sense – Bellatrix was dead, Andromeda cursed off the family tree, and with Narcissa in Azkaban – and possibly Kissed – her son would be the next. “So?” he asked.“It has no impact on Kreacher,” Kreacher said. “But Draco Malfoy is…different to most of the members of his family.”“He is now,” Harry said darkly.“Kreacher doesn’t understand,” Kreacher said.“It doesn’t matter,” Harry said. “I’m not in a great mood, to be honest. Not your fault.”Kreacher nodded. “Draco Malfoy makes Master Harry happy?” he asked, his voice rising from its usual croak to a squeak at the end.“Yeah,” Harry said, finishing his pie. “Yeah, he does.”“Kreacher is happy for you both,” Kreacher said.Harry thanked the house elf again and left, the funny conversation calming him as he made him way down to the common room.There was no sign of either Ron or Hermione, which made sense; McGonagall would probably want to see them first, assuming they even came up to school after the shock Harry had just delivered them. How on Earth would Ron react when Harry told him he and Draco were seeing each other? Harry pushed that to the side. There was no point in borrowing trouble, was there?“Draco?” Harry called as he entered the common room. “It’s just me…only me.”He stuck his head into the dormitory, not really thinking Draco would be here. When he found his Firebolt under his bed, Harry frowned. The dormitory appeared empty, but as he turned to go a sound came from the end of the room.“Draco?” he called again. Carefully, he pushed the door open again and walked over to Draco’s bed. Now that he looked, he could see a depression in the bed – but nothing there. “Are you…are you on your bed?” He hesitated. “Can I take my cloak?”He waited so long it felt like forever, but slowly the air rippled and Draco’s head appeared. Harry pulled at the fabric and the cloak came away, revealing Draco lying on his bed, curled over on his side like a small boy. His eyes were open, but he wasn’t looking at Harry.Harry tossed the cloak on his own bed, muttered a quick spell at the front door to alert them if anyone came along, and sat down beside Draco.“Hey,” he said, putting one hand on Draco’s shoulder. “You okay?”“What happened?” Draco asked, the tightness in his voice making the words difficult to understand. “With…in Hogsmeade.”“You want to sit up and talk to me?” Harry asked.Slowly, Draco pushed himself up, leaning back against the wall.“It was pretty much what I thought,” Harry admitted. “Though I maybe didn’t get quite as far into my explanation before Ron bolted.”Draco nodded.Harry sighed. “I told them you’re here, that we’re friends, and that I would not choose between you and them. Ron was gone by then, and Hermione had questions.”“Of course she did,” Draco murmured, and Harry smiled at him.“Of course she did,” he echoed. “I answered as best I could. I didn’t want to share things about you. It’s up to you to tell people what you want to tell them. I did give them an idea. I hope that’s okay. Hermione’s smart enough to take a hint, and…” Harry winced and shrugged.“We need her to convince Ron,” Draco whispered.“Yep,” Harry agreed. The plural pronoun made him smile. “We do.”Draco nodded. “So what now?” he asked. He frowned. “Wait, you didn’t tell them about us?”“Didn’t get a chance,” Harry admitted. “Ron was gone.”Draco nodded again and Harry could see him retreating into himself again.“He needs some time,” Harry said. “We’ve had weeks, remember, figuring stuff out, and putting stuff behind us.”“Yeah,” Draco said.“I reckon McGonagall might read him the riot act,” Harry added. “And between her and his mother, he won’t do anything…stupid.”Draco looked at him with such scepticism Harry couldn’t help but laugh.“Okay,” Harry amended, “nothing too stupid. But Hermione’ll be on the side of ‘nothing stupid’, too, so worst case is…”“He doesn’t speak to either of us and goes out of his way to be unpleasant,” Draco finished for Harry.“Yeah,” Harry said with a sinking feeling. “That’s pretty bad, actually.”“It is,” Draco agreed. He sighed and wrapped his arms around Harry, leaning into the hug. Harry closed his eyes, breathing him in. At least he had Draco – and while that couldn’t ever replace his friendship with Ron, at least it was something.Later, they decided to go up to the Hall early. There had been no sign of Hermione or Ron all afternoon, and Harry felt the tension as he and Draco got closer and closer to the castle. By tacit agreement they were walking apart from each other, their bodies separating as soon as they left the dormitory. It felt wrong, having so much space between them.“I’ll meet you in there,” Harry murmured, seeing Hermione waiting for them in the Entrance Hall. Draco nodded, not meeting her eyes as he skirted around them and into the Great Hall.“Hi,” Hermione said.“Hi,” Harry replied, shoving his hands in his pocket.“Ron’s in there,” Hermione said, nodding at the Great Hall.“Right,” Harry said, the tension in his body releasing a little. “How is he?”“Angry,” Hermione said.“Right,” Harry said again.There was silence for a few seconds, and Harry wondered if Hermione was waiting for him to say something.“I reminded him about what his mother would say if he refused to do his N.E.W.T.s,” Hermione said. Her face coloured. “Although I don’t think she cares as much right now. But she will, eventually.”Harry nodded. “I did think that might make him reconsider,” he murmured.“It won’t work forever,” Hermione said.“It doesn’t have to,” Harry shot back. “He doesn’t have to like Draco. He just has to…not hate him.”Hermione nodded. “He didn’t even look at me,” she said. “Just now when he walked by.”Harry nodded back. “Yes,” he said simply.“It wasn’t unfriendly,” Hermione added carefully.“That’s what he’s like,” Harry replied patiently.“Timid?” Hermione asked.“Yes,” Harry agreed. “Exactly. He’ll go out of his way to avoid conflict.”“Right,” Hermione replied, and they smiled at the reversal in their conversational roles.“Before we go in,” Hermione said, “you need to know…I’ll give him a chance. And I’ll try to get Ron to.” She looked close to tears as she added, “But I don’t want to have to choose either, Harry.”“I won’t ask you to,” Harry said quietly. “I would never ask you to choose.”She looked at him for a long time, then they turned to walk into the Hall. They’d left it late, and there were only a dozen or so people there when they entered.Draco was sitting at the end of the far table, shoulders hunched over, eyes pinned firmly to his plate. Funny, Harry’d stopped thinking of it as ‘the Slytherin table’ at some point. Ron was sitting at…well, it used to be ‘the Gryffindor table’, but with so much criss-crossing now the terms weren’t so important anymore.He looked as insular as Draco, though while Draco was begging not to be noticed, Ron’s air was more menacing. Harry glanced at Hermione, and they separated without speaking. Harry headed over to Draco, sliding onto the seat beside him and tapping the table with his wand.“Pass me the pumpkin juice?” he asked Draco.He did, neither flinching as their fingers brushed on the glass. Draco’s tension was making the air around him vibrate, and Harry ached to put an arm around him and pull him close, but he refrained.“Just ignore them,” Harry murmured to Draco. “One step at a ti-”“I’m just saying,” Ron’s voice rang out loud across the Hall, “that some people are more entitled to be here than others.”The whole room stopped. Harry’s eyes were locked on Ron, his mind begging his friend not to say anything else. His hands were frozen, and he wanted to reach under the table and squeeze Draco’s knee in solidarity but he couldn’t move.“Ron!” Hermione said, sounding as shrill as Mrs. Weasley sometimes did. “You can’t-”“I can, and I will!” Ron replied furiously.“You will not,” came another voice, the steel rivalling that Harry had heard in Hermione’s voice earlier. Professor McGonagall strode through the main entrance, her face set in as disapproving expression as Harry had ever seen. Every eye in the Hall was on her, and Harry held his breath.Ron’s face was bright red, but before he’d done more than open his mouth, McGonagall spoke again.“Mister Weasley, that will be enough.”The authority of her voice rang through the Hall and nobody was breathing, waiting for her to speak again.“Every student who has been invitated to study this year,” she said, her voice stern, “is equally entitled to be here.” She looked pointedly at Ron. “Any student found to be harassing another will face severe consequences.” He scowled back at her. “I trust you will bide your time until the Start-of-Term Feast to hear the rest of my thoughts on the matter.”She raised one eyebrow at Ron.“Mister Weasley?”“Yes, Professor?”“Do I have your word that you will remain at Hogwarts until the Start-of-Term Feast?”Ron pressed his lips together, scowl deepening, but he nodded once, not meeting her eyes. She raised one eyebrow, and he must have seen it because he muttered something like, “Yes, Professor.”“Excellent,” she said. She looked around the rest of the room. “I trust everyone else will exercise the same restraint?”A murmur of “Yes, Professor,” came from the few students still seated.Harry was just about to release the breath he’d been holding when Professor McGonagall looked his way. “I suspect you need to finish your conversation with Mister Weasley, Mister Potter. Might as well get everything out in the open, wouldn’t you say?”“Yes, Professor,” Harry said faintly.She turned to leave as Ron whirled around to face Harry, stalking across the Hall with Hermione trailing behind him. Harry drew a deep breath as Ron bore down on him, face still barely restrained. He didn’t take his eyes from Harry.“Well?”“Draco and I-”Ron blinked, eyes flicking to Draco and back. “Draco? Since when is that slimy little ferret Draco?”There was no point beating around the bush now. “Since we became friends.” He took a deep breath. “Since he and I started seeing each other.”Harry’s words hung in the air as Ron’s mouth gaped open. He could see Hermione’s face behind Ron’s, mirroring his shock.“Since you…what?”“Started seeing each other. He’s my boyfriend.”Ron gaped a little longer, his eyes darting between Harry and Draco, before words came back to him. “How could you…that Death Eater?”Harry pulled calm around himself. It was like going out to play Quiddtich, he thought dimly; he needed to focus on what was important, not get distracted by emotion. “He’s not a Death Eater.”“Death Eaters killed my brother!”“I know, Ron.”Ron stared at him as though Harry had grown another head. Harry could feel Draco sitting beside him, and with a deep breath he sat down.“But what…why…how the hell did this happen?” Ron said, anger starting to flood through his shock.“He’s not the same pers-” Harry tried.“LIKE HELL HE’S NOT!” Ron roared. Harry opened his mouth to reply but Ron pushed back from the table, storming out of the Great Hall.“Let him go, Harry,” Hermione said, glancing at Ron as he passed.Harry sat clenching his fists, frustrated. He knew Ron would be against it, but seeing the rage on his friend’s face was still confronting. He wouldn’t have chosen to tell Ron all of this right now, but McGonagall had left him little choice.Without a word, Draco stood up, leaving without looking at Harry. Hermione was standing watching Draco leave, then turned to Harry. The rest of the room was completely silent as she sat down opposite Harry.“Are you okay, Harry?” Hermione asked carefully. “I mean…I think it will take a bit of time for him to get used to the idea.” She paused. “It might take me some time. To not think about…to change my mind.”“I know,” Harry said miserably. The cottage pie he’d taken was now completely unappealing, and he pushed at it with his fork. “Draco’s important to me.” He took a deep breath. “You and Ron are my family,” Harry said quietly. “I don’t…I just want you to give him a chance.”Hermione sighed. “I know, Harry.” She didn’t say anything, but Harry could feel her anguish. He couldn’t decide which was worse – their initial conversation or this one.“If I can do it,” Harry said quietly, “I just think…”“I know, Harry,” Hermione repeated. “But it’s still raw for him. He’s still so angry.”They sat in silence as the food melted away from their plates; Harry didn’t care.“You should find…Draco,” Hermione said quietly. “I’ll go to Ron.”Harry nodded. He’d noticed her deliberate use of Draco’s first name, and appreciated her effort. He knew she still held a deep dislike – hatred, maybe – of Draco, and it was a huge effort for her to even agree to try this for him. “Thank you,” he said to her as she stood and left.“Harry Potter!” A familiar, delighted voice came from above him, and he stopped.“Hi, Nick,” he said, turning to look at the ghost who’d addressed him.“Well that was dramatic,” Nearly Headless Nick said with a grin.“I haven’t seen you until now,” Harry said, hoping to change the subject.“I wasn’t sure I should interrupt,” Nick said. “You and Mister Malfoy seem to have been getting close.” He nodded out the door. “A surprise to many, I’d say.”“Yes,” Harry said. “Anyway, I should go after him.”“Of course,” Nick said.He took a deep breath and followed her out, trying to decide where to look for Draco. He figured flying might be a good placed to start, and when he saw his Firebolt was gone, he knew Draco was out somewhere. The Shooting Stars were slow, but at least it gave him the chance to look for Draco. The sun had almost set, and it would be dark soon, making a search much more difficult.Finally he found Draco sitting in the top of the Quidditch stands. Harry landed near him, leaning the broom against a post as he tried to see if he’d be welcome or not. Draco turned his head slightly, looking up through his hair.“Hi,” he said quietly.“I wasn’t sure you’d come,” Draco said quietly. His eyes were red; there was no hiding it with his pale skin, even in the fading light.“Of course I would,” Harry replied. He sat beside Draco. “It went about as we’d expected.”“Weasley’s fine, then,” Draco said, his attempt at humour falling flat. “He seemed so calm when I left.”“Ron’s angry, yes,” Harry agreed. “Hermione’s okay, though. Pretty surprised, of course, but I think she’ll give you a chance.”Draco nodded, his head still bowed. Harry’s heart broke as Draco drew into himself. Harry could see him regress.“We’ll just have to give them some time.”Draco nodded again, and Harry felt him take a deep breath.“So did you actually eat anything?” Harry asked. “I know I didn’t.”“Not a thing,” he whispered. “I couldn’t.”“Kitchens?” Harry asked. “I bet the elves would bury you in cream puffs if you asked.”Draco snorted, and Harry’s chest eased. They could get through this together.Brooms dropped in the storeroom, they walked quietly down to kitchens. Draco barely cracked a smile when Harry asked for a dozen cream puffs to take with them. The elves must have sensed his sombre mood, because they scurried away to collect them without too much fuss, murmuring a farewell when the two wizards turned to leave.“Up to the Room?” Harry asked as they walked back up to the Entrance Hall. Draco hadn’t said a word since they had left the Quidditch pitch, but now he answered Harry, taking a cream puff.“No.” His voice was determined. “I don’t want to hide.” His fingers found Harry’s, gripping tightly, asking without words.“Okay,” Harry said, his heart swelling with pride at Draco’s bravery. It would be so much easier to avoid everyone, but he was determined to face people. As long as Harry was there.“Let’s go then, shall we?”They walked slowly, eating cream puffs until they reached their building. With a deep breath, Draco pushed the door open.Draco’s courage went unrewarded; there was no sign of Ron or Hermione, and the common room remained quiet all evening.When they turned in, Harry smiled at Draco across the gap between their beds. “Sleep well.”Draco snorted, then rolled his eyes. “Hope the other guys are alright with nightmares,” he said dryly.“You’re assuming nobody else has them,” Harry countered. Draco paused, then looked at him, and Harry could see he was surprised at the idea.“Everybody lost someone,” Draco said quietly.“Exactly,” Harry murmured.









Chapter 16: Patience
    




Chapter Text
The next morning the room was still quiet; only Draco and Harry were there. Miraculously, nightmares had stayed away, the snitch’s song working for them this night. Despite this, Harry didn’t feel all that well rested. He felt like his brain had continued working through the night, and now he was slower than he should be. The door to the girl’s dormitory was closed, but Harry muttered the spell Hermione had taught him.“Homenum revelio.”Nothing happened.“Just the two of us,” Harry murmured, flicking another spell at the door to lock it.Felix flittered up, sitting on Harry’s shoulder and peering at Draco.“Three, then,” Harry amended. The little bird chirped and flew to Draco, settling in his hair as he eased out of bed. Draco smiled tightly, straightening his bedsheets.“Draco,” Harry murmured. He stepped closer, not wanting to crowd Draco, but wanting to show he was still here. Hesitantly, he rested his hands on Draco’s waist lightly in case Draco wanted to pull away. He felt Draco still, standing up straight, their bodies resting against each other. Harry’s heart was beating faster until Draco turned around, his eyes uncertain as they met Harry’s.“Are you sure?” Draco whispered.“Yes,” Harry said. There was only one possible answer. He eased forwards, his arms coming around Draco’s body, pulling him close until they’d settled into each other, their bodies sliding into the familiar embrace. With a sigh, Draco pressed his face into Harry’s neck. They stood there for a long time, breathing together. Harry could feel the tension slowly leeching out of Draco as they comforted each other.He didn’t know whose hands wandered first, but they were kissing, falling deeper into each other. The constant restless motion of hands on his body kept the desire stirring through him, and when Draco’s hand dipped into his pants, the sharp arousal made him gasp. It broke the spell of dreamy and slow, and suddenly everything was fast and desperate. Draco’s hand was stroking him, and Harry needed Draco to feel the same, fumbling with the front of Draco’s pyjamas until he could wrap his fingers around warm skin.“Salazar,” Draco managed, his mouth sliding across Harry’s cheek, breath hot in Harry’s ear.It was fast, fists spreading pre-come as they breathed hard, clutching at each other. Harry groaned, knowing his fingers were probably hurting Draco as hard as he was gripping, but his orgasm ripped through him and he didn’t have a choice.Draco followed a second later, shuddering into Harry’s shoulder.They stood together as their breathing evened out before Draco eased away.“We’ll need a shower,” he said quietly.“Sure,” Harry said. He couldn’t believe how weak his muscles felt after such a short moment, but a shower was a must. “Although,” he muttered, with a cheeky grin, easing away from Draco. He picked up his wand and grinned at Draco. “Trust me?”Draco blinked, then realised what Harry was thinking. “Maybe…”“Good,” Harry said, pointing it at Draco’s crotch. “Tergeo.”Draco’s eyes widened and he looked down. “Salazar,” he said, wincing. “No, no, it’s fine,” he hastened to ease Harry’s worry, “it was just…weird. Might prefer a shower, in future.”“Yes,” Harry said, moving closer, “but it’s good to know. Just in case.”Draco grinned at him. “Go on, then,” he said, “do you.”Harry raised his eyebrows, hearing the challenge in his voice. With a matching grin he pointed his wand at himself, bracing before speaking the incantation.“Bloody hell,” Harry said. It was a little like ripping masking tape off your arm; not exactly painful, but it prickled all over for a brief second. He winced too, rolling his eyes as Draco almost bent over laughing. “Yeah, might just stick to having a shower next time.”“Good plan,” Draco smirked, stepping close and pressing a kiss to Harry’s mouth. “Come on, let’s get clean properly.”Their shower was fairly productive, though Harry knew his hands lingered on Draco’s skin longer than they really needed to. Once they were out and dry, he turned to watch Draco combing his hair back off his face. A swell of affection came over him, and he wrapped his arms around Draco.“Breakfast?” Harry asked. “I’m starving.”Draco tensed, easing out of the embrace and looking at Harry. He seemed unsure again, but he nodded. “I might…I’ll shave first,” he said, though there was a question in his voice. “And maybe a haircut.”“Sure,” Harry said. “Take your time, we’ll go up together.”Draco nodded, but Harry couldn’t be sure if he was happy or not with the reply. He was still thinking about how Draco’d changed in such a short time.++++Harry opened A Guide to Advanced Transfiguration while he waited, though he really didn’t absorb anything in front of him; he didn’t even turn the page in all the time he was waiting. When Draco opened the door, stepping out, Harry smiled, closing his book and standing up.“You look good,” Harry said. “Was the razor okay?”“Yes,” Draco said self-consciously. He raised one hand to his cheek. “It’s learning.”“Yes,” Harry said. He was smiling as he stepped in, his fingers trailing down Draco’s cheek. “Smooth,” he murmured, feeling his stomach flip as Draco shivered at his touch.“Harry,” Draco murmured. His eyes fluttered closed, tilting his head into Harry’s hand, and before Harry even leaned in Draco’s lips were parting in anticipation of his kiss. The contact was gentle, and Harry didn’t seek to deepen it; this was too important, and he needed Draco to lead it, to make it what he needed.After a while of soft hands and soft mouths, Draco eased away. “Thank you,” he said quietly. “I just…I’m not looking forward to breakfast. With everyone.”“I know,” Harry replied. They started moving towards the door, their hands coming together naturally, as they so often did. When they moved outside, Draco pulled away a little, but Harry tightened his fingers.“But…” Draco started, looking at Harry with wide eyes.“It’s not exactly a secret anymore,” Harry said. “Maybe we could,” he tightened his fingers a little, “but I don’t want to make you uncomfortable.”Draco looked at him for a long while. “If you want to,” he said quietly. “I would like to. If you don’t mind.”“Mind?” Harry replied. His heart squeezed at the tentative tone in Draco’s voice. “Of course I don’t mind.”“Okay,” Draco said.They continued up to the Hall, Harry feeling Draco’s fingers tighten as they stepped inside. There were a few students scattered around the room; Harry had never seen so many double takes in his life. He steered Draco towards the end of the nearest table, leaving them plenty of distance from other people.They didn’t speak much, and Harry dropped Draco’s hand as they sat down, plates and food appearing as he tucked his wand away.“Cream puffs?” Harry said, looking over at Draco.They shared a smile, and Draco shrugged and took one of the pastries.“They must know we’re here,” Harry murmured. “Not the worst breakfast I’ve ever had.”“Me either,” Draco replied. He took another cream puff. “I could just eat these.”“I’m not sure that’s nutritionally balanced,” Harry replied.Draco raised one eyebrow, mouth full of pastry and cream, looking pointedly at Harry, who was constructing a bacon and egg roll.“What?” Harry said, the roll halfway to his mouth.Draco swallowed. “I’m not sure you’re in a position to throw Gobstones,” he said.Harry grinned and took a huge bite of his roll. “I can live with that,” he managed around the huge mouthful.Draco rolled his eyes, but they both grinned. The tension from earlier had definitely eased, and Harry was relieved to see Draco eating a decent meal, even if it did feature a cream puff entrée. By the time they left the Hall, hands clenched together again, they were both far more relaxed.“Fly today?” Harry asked.“Sure,” Draco replied. “I think your Firebolt is still down at the storeroom.”“It is,” Harry said. He opened the door to the common room, turning back to grin at Draco, so he was several steps inside before he realised there was someone else there.Ron and Hermione were standing in the middle of the room. His arms were crossed, and she looked upset. Harry was pretty sure they were in the middle of an argument, but they both turned to look at Harry as he entered. Ron met his eyes, then looked over Harry’s shoulder and his furious expression morphed into a sneer as he caught sight of Draco.Without another word, he stormed towards Harry, who jumped out of the way. It was a good move as Ron barrelled right past, brushing Draco’s shirt on his way out the door.Harry was just glad Ron didn’t take a swing at either of them. Turning back, Harry met Hermione’s eyes. She looked apologetic. Tears brimmed in her eyes as she Charmed their trunks out of the way, settling them by the wall.“Sorry,” she whispered. “I’ll just…”“Yeah,” Harry said. “Go after him.”She smiled tightly at him, then at Draco, before hurrying out the door after Ron.Harry blinked, the short scene completely wiping out his good mood and the atmosphere between him and Draco, who was pale even by his standards.“Are you okay?” Harry asked.Draco blinked at him. “I…don’t know.”Harry shifted closer, taking his hand. “I don’t know how long it will take,” he said. “I’m sorry he’s like this.”Draco looked back at him, taking his time to answer. “It’s not your fault,” he said finally. “He’s like that because I was like I was.” He swallowed. “I understand his anger. He lost his brother.”“Yeah,” Harry replied. “But you didn’t do that.”Draco returned his gaze calmly. “I represent the people who did,” he said. Harry was astonished he could see Ron’s perspective so clearly.“I’ve had a lot of time to think about how people would react to me being here,” Draco said. His mouth twisted into an approximation of a smile. “Ron’s reaction doesn’t surprise me. Yours does.”Harry’s eyebrows rose.Draco paused, then added, “Quite a lot of people’s reactions have.”Harry nodded. “Ron’s reacting to the person he knows from school,” he said. “Not the person you are now.” Draco nodded, but it wasn’t convincing. Harry sighed. “Do you still want to fly?”Draco shrugged. “Not really,” he said.“We won’t run into Ron on broomsticks,” Harry added, in case that was what Draco was worried about.Draco’s face coloured, and he looked down at their joined hands. His fingers curled around Harry’s, and he didn’t speak. Harry frowned, then an idea blossomed in his mind. He had the idea that perhaps Draco might need comfort but not know how to ask for it.“What about,” he said, “we go up to the Room and practice a bit.” He added casually, “I didn’t sleep that well last night, so we could maybe have a nap too.”Draco smiled, flicking his eyes up to Harry’s. “In those big bean bags?” he asked.“Yeah,” Harry replied.“Together,” Draco murmured.“Yeah,” Harry said, and they both tightened their fingers for a long beat.“Okay,” Draco replied, adding with an effort, “My Shield Charm could probably use some work.”“Let’s Floo up to the Ravenclaw common room,” Harry suggested. “It’s less of a walk from there.” And we won’t run into Ron.“Okay,” Draco agreed. He was very quiet as they headed up to the castle, and once they’d made it into the Room, Harry could see him visibly relax.“We don’t want anyone else to be able to get in,” Harry said the words aloud. The Room needed to hear it, but he wanted Draco to know he’d thought of it, too.“Thank you,” Draco said.Harry was going to suggest they started with the stuff they’d worked on the previous time, but as he surveyed the room, he realised he and Draco were thinking about different things.The usual defensive materials were there, but also a huge beanbag, easily big enough for the two of them to snuggle together in. Harry knew he hadn’t thought of it, so it must have been Draco, and when he turned, it was clear in Draco’s eyes he wasn’t interested in working on their magic.“I don’t want to practice,” Draco whispered.Harry nodded, opening his arms, and Draco stepped into the embrace, shaking. He pulled him close, wrapping his arms tight around Draco’s back.After the shaking subsided, Draco eased away a little, and Harry asked, “Nap?”“Yes,” Draco murmured. “I didn’t sleep.”“Not at all?” Harry asked.“No,” Draco replied. The shuffled together over to the beanbag, Draco muttering, “Sometimes it…wasn’t safe to sleep. At Malfoy Manor. Recently.”Harry understood, and he felt sick at the idea.“I can’t imagine,” he muttered as they eased themselves down, settling into the beanbag, arms still around each other. As bad as things were at Privet Drive, Harry knew he could sleep in relative safety. The Dursleys were more worried about him making a scene than anything else. Draco snuggled into Harry, and it took Harry a few moments to identify the sensation. He was needed, and it was nice. It reminded him of Hedwig, oddly enough, the last openly affectionate being he could remember encountering. He wondered if anyone had ever shown Draco this kind of affection?As he ran his hand through Draco’s hair – it was long enough to do that, even as it was still shorter than it had been – Harry wondered. He didn’t know how to ask, though, so he contented himself with enjoying the closeness. Draco was curled into his chest, breath washing under Harry’s collar rhythmically. Neither of them spoke, the closeness soothing the jangled nerves until Draco was soft and pliable in Harry’s arms. It was warm, and quiet, and without anything distracting, it took only moments for his eyes to close…and him to drift off into sleep.Harry had no idea how long he’d slept, but when he woke, Draco was stirring. Perhaps one or the other of them had woken the other. They couldn’t easily get out of the beanbag, so Harry eased his hand over his wand.“Reducio,” Harry muttered, until the beanbag shrank to a manageable size.“Thanks,” Draco said, turning his face up. Harry kissed him without thinking, the soft kisses spinning on and on, the perfect bridge between sleep and waking.“Feeling better?” Harry asked, when their kisses came to an end.“I am,” Draco replied. He sighed. “I hope we can still come here when term starts.”“Well, I think a lot more people know about it,” Harry said. He stretched. “Did I tell you McGonagall offered to give us a separate room? From the dorm?”“She did?” Draco asked, sitting up.“Yeah,” Harry said. “Well, kind of.” He sat up too, looking at Draco who was watching him expectantly. “She wanted to know if it would be a problem. You and I sleeping in the dorms.”“Oh,” Draco said, colouring.“I told her we didn’t want to hide,” Harry said. “That we’d deal with it. Together.”“You did?” Draco asked.“I told you, and I told her – and everyone else who I’ve had this conversation with – that we are doing this together.” He looked at Draco, hoping a little of his sincerity was making it through.“It’s…I’m not used to having someone want to help me,” Draco said. “Not without…I’m pretty sure they wanted something in return.”“People often do,” Harry replied. He knew about what that was like. “I’m not like that.”Draco nodded. “I’m not…I believe you. But it’s hard.”“I know,” Harry replied. “But I’ll be here. And we can come up here if we need to. Or to the kitchens.”“Or both,” Draco suggested with a slight smile.“Both,” Harry echoed.They smiled again, and Harry stretched. “We should probably make an appearance. I have no idea what time it is, but nobody can get in here, remember?”“Yeah,” Draco replied. They both stood and stretched, before opening the door and stepping into the corridor.“It’s strange to think this isn’t a secret anymore,” Harry said.“I know,” Draco replied. “Although how many people can actually use it?”“Well, quiet a lot did come in this way,” Harry said, skirting around the actual event. “Although not everyone probably paid a lot of attention to where it was or how to get back in.”“Right,” Draco replied. He frowned. “Do you know who else is coming back next year?”Harry nodded as they started down a staircase. “Justin Finch-Fletchley and Ernie Macmillan, Susan Bones, Padma Patil,” he said. “Daphne Greengrass and Terry Boot. So actually only a few people who know how to use the room.” He glanced over at Draco. “Do you know anyone who knows how to use it?”“Nobody who’s coming back,” Draco replied.“So it won’t be too many,” Harry said.He wondered idly how many more secrets there might be at Hogwarts. He’d certainly found a few while he’d been here, but he wasn’t arrogant enough to think he’d found all the secrets. Besides, there should be more for each generation to discover. It felt wrong for one person to know everything about Hogwarts.“What’s that?” Draco asked, stopping as something came galloping up to them. It was silver and transparent and as it reached them it stopped, sitting up on its hind legs and speaking in Hermione’s voice.“I’ve been looking for you.” It even managed to sound disapproving, Harry thought with amusement. “Meet us in our common room in half an hour.” Before either man could react, it twisted in mid-air and disappeared.Harry nodded and looked at Draco. He was standing still, eyes wide. “What the…was that Hermione’s Patronus?” he whispered. “Speaking in her voice?”“Yes,” Harry said. He still didn’t have an entirely accurate grasp of what was considered impressive or unusual magic. He’d seen many Patronuses, and several used as messengers; obviously it wasn’t something Draco was familiar with. “Is that…I don’t know if it’s unusual?”Draco swallowed. “I’ve never seen it by someone our age. Only…much older witches and wizards.”Harry nodded. “I’ve never done it,” he said. “I didn’t even know Hermione could do it.”They exchanged a look – if anyone their age could do it, it was Hermione.“And she wants us to go down to the eighth-year common room to meet them,” Harry said. “Do you want to?”Draco considered for a moment. “Yes,” he said. “But kitchens first?”“Yeah,” Harry said. “I get the impression we might have slept through lunch.”









Chapter 17: Olive Branch
    




Chapter Text
They hit the kitchens, eating sandwiches on the way back to their common room; it was closer to dinner than lunch, as it turned out. Harry hoped they would still sleep that night after such a long nap today.Harry’s heart started thumping as they arrived at the common room door. He squeezed Draco’s hand before letting go to push the door open.The room was empty.He could feel Draco exhale, and they both moved toward the sofa, Harry putting the remaining food on the coffee table, Draco seating himself in an armchair. Harry sat near him, understanding that this would be what they had to do now. Put some distance between themselves, ease people into the idea of Draco being present. Socially acceptable distance now that they were sharing the common room with others.Harry hated it already. It felt unnatural being so far apart in this familiar space. He caught Draco’s eye and they shared a look. Well, Draco felt the same, then.They ate the rest of the sandwiches, relaxing a little into their new normal. Eventually, the food gone, they picked up their textbooks again. Harry would rather be reading something else, but figured the solidarity with Draco would be appreciated. And now that Ron and Hermione were here, there really was no ignoring how close it was to the start of term.Half an hour or so later, the door opened. Harry jumped, unused to other people walking in unannounced. Hermione and Ron came in, her looking determined and he sullen.“Um, hi,” Harry said. He could feel the tension radiating off Draco and willed him to relax.“Hi,” Hermione said. Harry could see her steel herself before adding, “Hello, Draco.”“Hello,” Draco replied.Ron remained silent.“Um, boys’ dormitory on that side, girls over there,” Harry said, pointing to the respective doors.“Thanks,” Hermione said. She pushed Ron towards his door, giving him a pointed look and taking her trunk over to the girls’ room.The doors closed, and Harry made a point to look at Draco. The eyes that met his were guarded, and he hoped the smile he gave was encouraging. Draco’s lips tightened in an approximation of a smile before he returned to his book.Harry sighed. This was not going to be easy.Hermione was the first to come out of the dormitory, marching over and sitting at the other end of the sofa.“So what have you been up to?” she asked. Harry looked up, recognised the determined look on her face and closed his book.“Not a lot,” he said. Glancing at Draco, he added, “We’ve been flying a lot. Weather’s been pretty good.”“Excellent,” Hermione replied. “I see you’ve picked up your books.”“Yeah, we went down a few days ago,” Harry replied. “Pretty busy in Diagon Alley.”“We went too,” Hermione told him. “Did you see the Shop?”Harry knew she meant the joke shop; it had been referred to as ‘the Shop’ at the Burrow. “No,” Harry replied. “Nothing on the list from there.”Hermione nodded and Harry hoped she would change the subject. The shop owned by his immediate ex-girlfriend was not really what he wanted to talk about.The silence stretched on until Harry blurted, “Have you seen Neville?”“No,” Hermione replied. “Is he here?”“He’s teaching, remember?” Harry told her. “With Professor Sprout.”“Oh, that’s wonderful!” she replied. “He must be really happy.”“Yeah, he is,” Harry told her. Casting about for something that would include Draco, he asked, “What subjects are you taking?”“The same as sixth-year,” she replied. “I want to keep my options open.”“Of course,” Harry said, smiling at her familiar enthusiasm. “I think we will be too.”To his surprise, she turned to Draco. “So you’ll be in Arithmancy this year?” she asked.Draco froze, looking up at her. “Yes,” he said quietly.“I wonder if Professor Vector will be back?” Hermione continued, and Harry could have hugged her.“I have seen her in the Great Hall,” Draco replied carefully. Hermione nodded, and he must have been encouraged because he added, “I’m not sure she’ll be impressed with my predictions next week. I haven’t practiced at all.”“Oh me either!” Hermione said with obvious enthusiasm. Harry wasn’t sure how much was relief at having something to talk about and how much was genuine enthusiasm for discussing the curriculum. Either way, she and Draco started discussing the possible curriculum for the year, lamenting their lack of revision without touching on the world-changing War that had kept them busy over the past year.Harry was superfluous, and happily so; he sat back, keeping out of the conversation. He watched as Draco sat upright, offering opinions and ideas carefully as they discussed the upcoming year. He could see Hermione’s discomfort warring with her passion for academia; the discussion won out. She sat forward, gesticulating as she disagreed with Draco, listening intently and prodding him to support his arguments.As Harry watched the two of them try to convince the other, a movement caught his eye. Ron had opened the dormitory door and was watching Hermione and Draco. Harry studied him, but Ron must have felt his eyes because when he met Harry’s, his face did not change, but he stepped back inside and closed the door.At least he didn’t slam it, Harry thought. Small gains.The conversation paused, and Harry tuned back into what was happening. Hermione was staring at Draco, eyes wide. Harry looked over and couldn’t help smirking. Felix had landed on Draco’s head.“Um,” Hermione said, one hand rising to point at the golden puff. “What…”“That’s Felix,” Harry supplied.“Right.”“Hagrid’s birthday present for me,” Harry said. “It’s a-”“Golden Snidget,” replied Hermione automatically. “Do they breed in the Forest or something?”“I think so,” Harry replied. “Anyway, he hatched, but he seems to have bonded with Draco, so…” Harry shrugged.“Okay,” Hermione said. She was still staring at the tiny bird, which was now settled on Draco’s hair.“Isn’t it…” she couldn’t find the words, until she finally blurted, “Aren’t you worried it will soil your hair?”“Soil?” Draco repeated, before realising what Hermione meant. “Oh! Um, well it hasn’t happened yet…” His eyes were wide though, and he looked helplessly at Harry.“I’m not sure it had occurred to us,” Harry told her, feeling a laugh burble up at the ridiculous situation.He saw Hermione suppress a smile, but when he caught her eye he couldn’t hold it in, and her strangled giggle only made him laugh harder. He looked over at Draco, inviting him into the joke. It took a few seconds but a smile eventually came, and Harry saw his shoulders drop a little.Baby steps, he thought.“Well now I’ll think of it,” Draco said, when the laughter had subsided. There was still some awkwardness, but it was far better than Harry had hoped. As the knot in his gut loosened, Draco stood up. “I think I’ll take Felix to visit Hagrid,” he said quietly. With a tight smile to each of the others, he picked up his jacket and moved carefully out of the common room, closing the door behind him.Silence descended as the door clicked closed.“Thank you,” Harry said again without looking at Hermione.“He’s different,” she said finally, sounding surprised.“I know,” Harry replied.“And Felix chose him?” Hermione said.“Yeah,” Harry said. “I think it was the long hair initially, but he definitely prefers Draco to me.”Hermione hummed in response, then fell quiet.“You know they’re very loyal,” she said. “Snidgets, I mean.”“Are they?” Harry said.“Yes,” Hermione said. She was looking at him assessingly.“What?” Harry said.She didn’t answer for a few minutes, but finally said, “They’re pretty rare, but I’ve heard they only bond with worthy people. Loyal people.”“Worthy?” Harry replied. “I think Hagrid said they bond with the first person they see.”Hermione smiled, the smile Harry recognised as meaning, ‘how can you not understand?’ “Well of course he’d think that, who’s the most loyal person you know?”Harry blinked at her. “Well, Hagrid, I guess,” he said.“Exactly. So when he hatches Snidgets they bond with him,” she explained.“So Draco’s worthy?” Harry asked. His heart thumped at the idea.“According to your Snidget, at least,” Hermione said.“Felix is Draco’s,” Harry said automatically.“Hmmm,” Hermione replied.“And Draco’s gone to visit Hagrid?” she asked. “Are they… does that happen often?”“Yeah,” Harry said. “Hagrid’s been good.” He couldn’t explain it further, even to Hermione, but she was looking at him expectantly and he knew she was trying to understand. “When I got here, I saw McGonagall first. She told me Draco was here. I was…angry. I didn’t think he should be here after…everything.” He took a deep breath; this was hard. “But she asked me to give him a chance, to see how much he had changed.”“I don’t want to…I can’t tell you all of it now. I will, but…not now. Basically I just can’t do it anymore. I can’t keep just hating people.” He shrugged. “It was easier than I thought. He was different. Really different. Quiet, and withdrawn. He barely spoke, didn’t eat. Had long hair to cover his face. He was a mess.”Harry stopped, not sure if Hermione was even interested in hearing this.“Go on,” she encouraged him.“He reminded me of me,” Harry said quietly. “The way he acted…it was like me at the Dursleys, when I was small.”Hermione’s eyes were still searching Harry’s face; she wasn’t convinced.Harry sighed. “Look, go and see Hagrid at some point, okay? He’ll tell you the same thing. I think he saw Draco as an animal that needed tending or something. But...” he waved one hand. “Just see Hagrid, okay?”The whole day had been exhausting, and he knew he’d have to go and find Draco again. And deal with Ron at some point, even if only to pass him in their shared dormitory. They sat in silence for a few moments. Harry didn’t have the energy to keep speaking, and Hermione seemed to be considering his words quite carefully.Eventually she stood up, saying she was going to unpack. “Say goodnight to Ron for me,” she said to Harry.“I will,” Harry replied. When she looked at him, he added, “Thank you.” She smiled before leaving.He took a deep breath, looking over to the closed boys’ dormitory door. He really did need to go speak to Ron, and this was a perfect opportunity.Opening the door, he glanced around, eyes settling on the bed farthest from the bathroom – and therefore his. Ron sat in the middle of the bed. His belongings were still inside his trunk and Harry wondered if he was being stubborn about agreeing to stay.“Heya,” he said, closing the door behind him.Ron didn’t reply. Harry hesitated, then stepped closer, asking with a pounding heart, “How’re Bill and Fleur?”“Fine,” came the response after several seconds.“Bill’s coming here to teach, is that right?” Harry asked.“Yes,” Ron replied.“Bet your mum wanted him to get rid of the earring if he’s going to be teaching,” Harry said.“She always wants him to get rid of it,” Ron replied. He didn’t say anything for a long while, and Harry wondered if he should move on, but finally Ron said grudgingly, “He did agree to cut his hair a bit. I think he hopes she’ll stop going on about the earring.”“Has he even met your mother?” Harry asked with a snort.“Doubt it,” Ron said, a grin tempting the edges of his mouth. He refused to look at Harry, though.Harry grinned, but didn’t want to push it. At least Ron was prepared to stay in the same room as him. He considered that a win, and he’d even got a bit of conversation out of him. Without another word he headed for his bed, trying to be content with the awkward little exchange. He prepared himself for bed, wondering how it would go when Draco came back. Hopefully Ron wouldn’t insist on leaving, or sleeping on the sofa or something. Absently, he wondered where Ron had slept the previous night. Certainly not in here. Possibly the girls’ dormitory.To his relief, Ron got ready for bed too, not speaking to Harry and rolling towards the wall as soon as he settled into bed. Not the worst outcome, Harry thought as he slid under his sheets. As the lights turned out and the snitch started, he realised he’d forgotten to tell Ron about it. No need, he thought; Ron would either find out or not.He didn’t know how long it was that he dozed, but when the door cracked open and Draco sidled into the room, Harry sat up. Draco was watching Ron, who wasn’t moving; his eyes didn’t leave until he was well past that bed. It reminded Harry of a prey animal, hyper aware of the potential predator. It broke Harry’s heart a little to see the fear lingering in Draco’s eyes as they finally left Ron and landed on Harry.“Hello,” Draco said quietly when he realised Harry was awake.“Hello,” Harry said. “How’s Hagrid?”“Fine,” Draco replied, moving closer so their conversation wouldn’t wake Ron. “How was Ron?”“Okay,” Harry told him. “He spoke to me, at least. Not a proper conversation, but…better.”“Good,” Draco said.“I’ll have to find out what Hermione said,” Harry said. “She can be very persuasive.”“Yes,” Draco said. “I imagine she can.”Harry grinned at him.“I’m going to get ready for bed,” Draco said. “Felix is in the common room.”“Good night,” Harry said. “Sleep well.”“I will,” Draco replied. “You too.”Harry was smiling to himself as he lay back down. The day had been up and down, but from where he lay now, they’d ended in an okay space.









Chapter 18: Persuasion
    




Chapter Text
He and Draco both slept through the night, which was a blessing, and when Harry woke in the morning, Draco was still sleeping but Ron was gone. He wondered if Ron would avoid them, if Hermione would make them all socialise, or if they would just try and make the best of this until enough other people returned to the school that they could ignore each other without it being too obvious.He hated fighting with Ron; through everything in their years here, Ron and Hermione had been his friends, with a few exceptions – and they were without a doubt the most difficult times. This year would be difficult enough without Ron, even discounting the Draco situation. Harry hated the idea of even attempting it, but he knew pushing Ron would make it even more unlikely that he’d soften. He’d just have to wait.Rolling over, Harry stretched, looking over at Draco. He felt better after a full night’s sleep, and he hoped Draco did too. The weather outside looked good for flying, and Harry was hoping they might be able to get some hours in before school beginning in only a few days now.Harry slipped out of bed and into his robe, careful not to disturb Draco as he closed the door behind him.Ron and Hermione were sitting on the sofa, having a conversation in quiet tones. They stopped and looked up as he entered.“Morning,” he said, sitting in the armchair opposite. “Sleep well?”“Yes thank you,” Hermione said.Ron didn’t respond.“Thought I might go flying today,” Harry said, trying to sound nonchalant.“Have you even read through your textbooks yet?” Hermione asked, her face a little anxious. “It’s been over a year since we studied, and N.E.W.T.s are notoriously difficult-”“Hermione, term hasn’t started,” Harry told her, smiling. He caught Ron’s eye and rolled his eyes, stomach flipping when he could see Ron suppressing a grin. This was the dynamic he was used to, and his heart ached at how long it was since it had flowed between them.“We picked up our books weeks ago,” Harry told her. He was still looking at Ron, and he could see the discomfort flare at the entry of Draco into the conversation. “So yes, I’ve read them already.”“So am I the only one who doesn’t think I should be reading before term starts, then?” Ron grumbled.“Yes,” Harry answered, knowing Hermione would answer the same and their voices would come at Ron simultaneously.“Oh, for Merlin’s sake,” Ron muttered, and Harry couldn’t tell how annoyed he actually was about it.They didn’t talk for a while, and Harry wondered what he could talk about. Everything he had to say was to do with Draco; he didn’t want to avoid him, but it seemed too forward to deliberately start a conversation with him in it, too, given how Ron might react.“Have you bought a broom, then?” Ron asked finally after several pointed stares from Hermione.“New Firebolt,” Harry replied. “You can have a go if you want.”“Great,” Ron said, though it was considerably less enthusiastic than Harry thought it might be.“Did you bring yours?” Harry asked.“Yeah,” Ron replied. “It’s under my bed.” He sighed. “Nothing compared to a Firebolt, though.”“Maybe you two could go out together later,” Hermione said brightly.“I’m sure Harry’s already got someone to go flying with,” Ron said. He stood up abruptly, and before Harry could say anything, added, “Someone with a broom that can keep up, I’d reckon, not my old rubbish.” He strode out of the room, the main door closing behind him.“Well that wasn’t entirely terrible,” Harry muttered.“He’ll take some time,” Hermione replied.“Yeah,” Harry said. “At least he talked to me last night. Well, a bit.”Hermione’s expression softened. “He misses you,” she said. “The Burrow wasn’t the same without you there this summer.”Harry nodded, still unable to really articulate why he had to leave. It was all mixed up with a heap of other stuff he hadn’t figured out how to say – mostly about Draco, and he shifted uncomfortably.“I miss him too,” he said finally, the words true, at least.Hermione nodded. “We talked this morning,” she said. “Early. Well, I talked and he listened.”“He listened?” Harry raised one eyebrow.Hermione’s face flushed with guilt. “I might have woken him up and made him come for a walk,” she admitted. “And I might have hit him with a Body Binding spell.” When she saw the disbelief on Harry’s face, she added defensively, “This is important, Harry!”“I know,” Harry said, his mind still reeling. “Thank you.”“Even if you and Draco weren’t seeing each other,” Hermione said, the words obviously strange in her mouth, “he can’t hold onto this anger forever. It just bursts out of him. The last few weeks at the Burrow, he’d just explode. He needs to start healing. Or at least admit he’s hurting.” She shrugged. “Besides, I could see how different Draco is. No arrogance, no sense of entitlement.”“The War changed everyone,” Harry said quietly. “Thank you for giving him a chance.” He felt his throat tighten. “It means a lot. To me. Thank you.”“I know, Harry,” Hermione told him. “And I told Ron that. And I told him,” she took a deep breath, “what you said. About you not making a choice between Draco and us. And I pointed out that if your friendship was going to survive, he had to make the choice, and how stupid he would be if he threw it all away.”“Wow,” Harry said, stunned at how firm she’d been with Ron. “That’s…that’s a lot, Hermione.”“And,” Hermione went on, “I told him I wasn’t going to choose, either. I hate it when we fight. Any of us. But I won’t choose between you and Ron. So.” She looked down, picking at an invisible thread on her jeans.“Okay,” Harry said. He paused, considering how much Hermione was putting into this. “Thanks, Hermione.”“Don’t mess it up,” she whispered to him, then stood and left, probably following Ron, Harry thought.I hope I don’t mess it up, he thought to himself, going back into the dormitory to see if Draco was awake.“Morning,” he said as Draco rolled over, groaning.“Morning,” Draco replied, sitting up. He blinked at Harry for a second before the memory of the previous day must have returned and his eyes flew to Ron’s bed, the accompanying tension dissolving when he saw that it was empty.“He’s gone,” Harry said.“Okay,” Draco replied.In a rush, Harry said, “What do you want to do today?”“Fly,” Draco said without hesitating. “After breakfast.”“Well,” Harry said, “It’s closer to lunch, actually. I just want to send an owl, and we can head up to the castle?”They both showered – separately, given the sudden influx of others into the dormitories – and made their way up to breakfast. When they saw Ron and Hermione finishing up, Harry hesitated, but Hermione waved them over. Harry glanced at Draco, who nodded, and they joined Ron and Hermione at the end of the table. Draco sat beside Harry as far from Ron as he could manage; from his body language, he was back trying to make himself invisible.“What are you two going to do today?” Harry asked, taking toast and offering some to Draco.“McGonagall wants to see us,” Hermione replied, making a point of looking at Draco as well as Harry. “Ron said he wanted to fly, and I need to read all my books again at least once before the term begins.”“Of course you do,” Harry said, grinning at her. “How else will you help us with our homework?”She looked indignant until she saw his face. “It’s N.E.W.T. year, Harry Potter,” she said severely. “I hope you’re not planning on joining the Quidditch team, any of you.” To general astonishment, she glared at Draco with the same intensity as the others. “If I have to confiscate your brooms I will, but we are all going to get the best grades possible this year, and flying will not get in the way of that.”There was silence for a moment. Harry was processing the mix of emotions in him – he couldn’t believe there could be so many at once – gratitude, pride, surprise, a healthy dose of fear, and amusement. He glanced at Ron, who was obviously floored, staring at Hermione with an open mouth and avoiding looking at Draco. Harry couldn’t see Draco, but he felt the astonishment radiating off him, anyway. Glancing over, Harry saw Draco’s shoulders, hunched over the table.“I don’t have a broom,” Draco said quietly, eyes on his plate.Ron snorted. “What, you haven’t got hold of the newest Firebolt, you mean?” he said with a barely contained sneer.Draco took a deep breath and raised his eyes, meeting Ron’s calmly. “No. I mean I don’t own a broom.”Ron frowned. “What are you talking about?” he snapped finally, unable to figure it out.“I don’t own anything,” Draco said, the words quiet and without emotion. “The Ministry confiscated everything. The Manor, the vaults at Gringotts…I was allowed to keep a small amount of gold for school supplies and some personal items. Everything of value is gone.” He held Ron’s eyes. “Including my broom.”Ron was staring at him, and Harry couldn’t figure out if it was his words or his demenour that was causing the reaction – but Ron didn’t respond, instead turning to speak to Hermione.“Well, I don’t see why I can’t try out,” he said stubbornly to Hermione. “Quidditch doesn’t take up that much time.”Draco, Harry and Hermione all snorted at that, and Ron glared at them all equally.Hermione looked at Ron, the steel back in her eyes.“Get used to it, Ronald,” she said primly. “The four of us are going to ace our N.E.W.T.s. Your mother’s not going to have any reason to believe…” she stopped, her face flushing, and she glanced at Harry and Draco. “Well, anyway.” She stood abruptly, pulling Ron up with her, and marched them out. Ron only just managed to snag another piece of toast before they left the Hall.“What on earth was that about?” Draco breathed.“I think she’s decided she likes you,” Harry said. “Or at least, she doesn’t hate you.”“That’s her not hating me?” Draco said. “Threatening to confiscate my broom?”“You don’t have a broom,” Harry pointed out, then winced. “Sorry.”“No, well,” Draco replied. He looked at Harry. “Is that really what she does with people she likes?”“Only the very special ones,” Harry grinned at him. He frowned. “It does sound like Molly’s had something to say about…something. To Hermione.” He made a mental note to ask her about it later.Meanwhile, he turned to Draco. “I’m going to send that owl. Do you want to come, or should I meet you at the storeroom?”Draco hesitated, then said, “I’ll meet you at the storeroom.”“Okay,” Harry said, giving his hand a squeeze before he stood up. “Won’t be long.”It only took a second to scrawl the message onto the scrap of parchment he’d brought with him, and one of the owls hanging around the Hall was happy to take it into London for him. Harry hoped he’d get a reply – and the items he’d ordered – later that day, but there was no guarantee. Either way, he was going to get to fly today, which was good. With everything happening, it would just be good to get up and clear out the cobwebs.Harry stopped at the dorms on his way over to the Quidditch pitch, picking up his gloves and the last of his Honeydukes sweets. He’d probably head down into town to top up bits and pieces before school started, and he’d have to remember how much sugar he’d eaten last time there had been a big studying year.It wasn’t long before he was striding across the lawn, smiling at the flags dancing in the light breeze. He was already making a mental list of the drills he and Draco could go over – those that worked best with either two very slow brooms or an incredibly mismatched pair – and it took a second for him to realise the figure waiting for him was not Draco, but Ron.Draco was nowhere in sight.Harry slowed, a little wary at the grim look on Ron’s face.“Hi,” Harry said. “Planning on flying?”Ron didn’t move, looking hard at Harry for a long uncomfortable moment. Finally, he nodded. “You and I have been friends for a long time,” he said, apropos of nothing.“We have,” Harry said carefully.“And I owe you for a lot of stuff,” Ron said, holding up his hand when Harry protested. “You owe me, too.”Harry’s heart started beating faster. Was Ron about to call in some favour he felt he was owed? Was he going to set up an ultimatum right now? He swallowed hard.Ron took a deep breath. “Hermione’s basically not stopped talking to me since we arrived,” he said.“She did mention it,” Harry said, still careful of his words.“Did she mention she put me in a Body Bind?” Ron asked dryly.“It might have come up,” Harry admitted.Ron snorted, then sighed, the faint smile slipping from his face. “Anyway, she’s pretty much told me I have to get over the thing about…my brother.”Harry nodded. He hadn’t heard Ron utter Fred’s name since that night, and it still hit him hard to see the pain flash in his friend’s eyes.Ron hesitated, then asked, “Harry, your parents. Does it…does it get easier?”Harry took a second, knowing how important this answer was. “It always hurts,” he said carefully, “but I realised I can’t keep being angry about it. It takes up so much energy, and it doesn’t make me happy.” He shrugged. “I won’t ever forget them, and I won’t ever forgive Wormtail, or Voldemort, or any of the other people who directly contributed to their deaths. But I can’t hold onto the rest of it. I have to live my life, you know? I have to find something good to live for.”Ron looked at him, and Harry wondered what he was thinking.“And you think…Malfoy is that thing.”Ron’s words were disbelieving, but Harry could hear the genuine question behind them.Harry nodded slowly. “He might be. I’m not saying forever, but right now,” he took a deep breath, “yes. He makes me happy.”Ron nodded. “I don’t know if I’m going to like him,” he warned Harry. “I don’t know if I can forgive him, for all the stuff that…happened.”Harry nodded, his heart beating faster again.“Does he really not have…anything?”Harry shook his head. “Nothing.” He didn’t want to tell tales, but he added, “I think he had to borrow money from McGonagall for Potions supplies.”Ron’s eyebrows rose. “Seriously?”“Seriously.”Harry let the silence sit, giving Ron time to process it.“Malfoy would never have admitted to that,” Ron said eventually.“Not the Draco we knew,” Harry agreed. He wouldn’t go back to calling him Malfoy, and he could see Ron noticed the difference. “He’s not the same.” He took a deep breath, taking a risk. “I’m not saying you have to like him. But do you think you could just…see if you don’t hate him? Not the him from school, we can agree he was an absolute arse. Even Draco agrees he was a self-important douche-bag.”“Seriously?” Ron asked again.“Go and talk to Neville,” Harry said. Actually, that might be a good idea, for Ron and Neville to talk. “He’ll tell you what Draco said.”“Malfoy talked to Neville?” Ron asked, confused.“He asked permission to take Herbology,” Harry told him. “And apologised on behalf of his family.” He paused. “You remember what Bellatrix-”“I remember,” Ron interrupted. He looked thoughtful. “He seriously did that?”“He did,” Harry said.Ron nodded slowly. “So where is Neville?” he asked, casually.“Oh, he was staying at the Three Broomsticks,” Harry said, equally casually as though his heart wasn’t beating through his chest. “But he might have moved up here by now. You could try the greenhouses, I guess.”“Yeah,” Ron said. “Might do that now, actually.”“Sure,” Harry said. He couldn’t maintain it, and as Ron turned, he grabbed his friend’s arm. “Ron?”“Yeah, Harry?”“Thanks,” Harry said, hoping the single word conveyed how grateful he was at how hard Ron was trying.“Yeah,” Ron replied, then turned and left.“Holy shit,” Harry said, the Muggle profanity coming to him from some forgotten recess of his mind.“Harry?” Draco’s voice came from above, and Harry looked up to see him hovering on one of the school brooms. “Are you okay?”“Yeah,” Harry said, motioning him to come down. Draco did, and Harry stared at him, an alarming amount of emotion welling up at the realisation that there was a tiny glimmer of hope in all this after all. “Ron just…left. We talked.”Draco immediately looked wary. “I saw. I wanted to give you some space…are you okay?”Harry nodded, but he couldn’t speak past the lump in his throat. Instead he pulled Draco close, breathing him in, wrapping his arms around and squeezing him.“Harry?” Draco asked, voice strained.“He’s going to…try,” Harry managed, a tear or two rolling down his face. “I hope you don’t mind…I told him to go and see Neville…Hermione’s been in his ear too…she Body Bound him to make him listen…and I told him you make me happy and I think he’s going to…try. Think about it at least.”Draco blinked. “You told him I make you happy?” he said.A burst of wet laughter came out of Harry. “That’s what you got from all that?” he asked.“Nobody’s ever told me I make them happy before,” Draco said.“They haven’t?” Harry said.“No,” Draco replied simply.Impulsively, Harry kissed him, cradling his face, trying to tell him right now. Just to be sure, he murmured between kisses, “You make me happy, Draco Malfoy.”Draco kissed him back, hard, and they lost several wonderful moments. Finally, Harry eased back.“No guarantees,” he said, “but it might be okay.”Draco grinned at him. “So can we fly now?” he asked.“Yep,” Harry replied. He grabbed his Firebolt, and he and Draco shot into the air. He could have outstripped the old Shooting Star easily, but instead he matched Draco, and they fell into drills automatically, working hard until Harry’s muscles were screaming.“Break,” he said, panting, falling onto the grass. Draco did the same, and they lay on their backs, watching clouds scuttle across the sky as oxygen made its way through their body. From what he could see, they’d been at it for quite a while.“What is that?” Draco asked, frowning. Harry turned his head, and they watched a strangely shaped object make its way towards them, getting bigger until Harry could see with a thump of his heart what it was.Three large owls carrying a bulky package lopsidedly between them.“What the hell’s that?” Ron’s voice came from behind him.Harry turned, distracted, but a shout from Draco pulled him around in enough time for the package to hit him squarely in the chest as the owls delivered it to him.“Oof!” he said, the breath knocked out of him.Ron paid the owls, then turned to stare at Harry. “What the hell is it?” he asked.Harry looked up at him, blinking, then struggled out from underneath. He untied the string holding the two identical parcels together. He turned to face Ron and Draco.“I didn’t buy either of you a birthday present this year,” he said. “Or ever,” he added to Draco. “So, consider these birthday presents.”He handed one to each of them.“Harry,” Ron said slowly, realising what was in the parcel. Without thinking, he glanced at Draco, looking for his reaction. Draco looked back, raising his eyebrows, and both of them looked at Harry.“Well open them,” Harry said, impatient and nervous.Two pairs of hands tore at the paper, and in seconds, two pairs of eyes widened at the brand new Firebolts they held.“No way,” Ron breathed.“No, Harry,” Draco started, but Harry cut him off.“If we’re going to get out and fly this year,” he addressed both of them, a thrill in his stomach that he was only going to have to do the convincing once – which would be the hardest part, “we all need to have the same kind of broom. I am not spending the last year at Hogwarts flying on that.” He pointed to the Shooting Star discarded on the ground. He turned to Ron. “I’m going to sell Grimmauld Place, so don’t you dare tell me I can’t afford it.” Ron’s mouth, which had dropped open, closed with a snap, and he shrugged.“And,” Harry added, turning to Draco, “This is not about money, it’s about friendship.” He gestured to Ron. “Just ask him, I don’t want money. I want my friends to be happy.”Draco looked sceptical, but he glanced at Ron, who was still staring blankly at the broom in his hands.Harry sighed. “Ron, tell Draco what I did with the Tri-wizard winnings.”“He gave it away,” Ron told him, clearly still dazed enough to speak to Draco without discomfort. “All of it.”“Salazar,” Draco swore. “That’s a thousand Galleons, Harry!”“Yep,” Harry said determinedly, “and I didn’t want it.”He stood for a second, watching his best friend and his boyfriend warring between wanting to accept the brooms and their pride.“Oh for…” he muttered. “Coming or not?” He walked over and picked up his own Firebolt, mounted it and kicked off, hoping they would follow.Of course, they did. A whoop from Ron followed closely by one from Draco, and the three of them were racing through the sky, swerving through goalposts and across the lake, laughing with the exhilaration that only came from riding a very good broom to its limits.He had no idea how much longer it was, but he found himself flat on his back again, on the grass of the Quidditch pitch tickling his nose, lungs burning as he heaved air into them, the same on either side of him as Ron and Draco flopped down too.“Merlin, that was good,” Ron panted. “Thanks Harry.”“Thank you,” Draco echoed.“No worries,” Harry said, still breathless. “We’ll be able to play properly now.”“Yeah,” Ron said, and Harry could practically hear his satisfaction at the idea. “Well, I’m starving.” He hesitated, then looked at Harry. “You both coming up to the Great Hall?”“Yeah,” Harry said. “Give us a minute.”Ron nodded, still not looking at Draco. He shouldered his broom and headed up towards the eighth-year accommodation.









Chapter 19: Motivation
    




Chapter Text
“Wow,” Draco murmured.“Yeah,” Harry said. It was a huge understatement, of course, but it was a good start. He’d have to talk to both Ron and Hermione about the others that might come back, about what school could be like – but overall, things were going better than he could have dreamed they would.“He’d better not run into Hermione,” Harry said, stretching. “I thought she said McGonagall wanted to see them both?”“Surely she’d come and get him,” Draco replied.“Probably,” Harry replied. “I wonder what she wants to talk to them about?”Draco didn’t reply for a few minutes, his arm draping across Harry’s chest. “Possibly yesterday,” he said quietly.“Yeah,” Harry said, remembering the scene in the Great Hall. “Ron’s made a fair effort since then. Do you think?”“I do,” Draco replied. “I’m sure the new Firebolt didn’t hurt.”Harry grinned, flushing. “Yeah, that was a bit of a stretch, the birthday present. But,” he paused, rolling to face Draco, “this is important.”Draco smiled, the shadow if disbelief still in his eyes. “Thanks,” he said. “And thanks for my broom, too.” He raised one eyebrow. “That’s not bribery too, is it?”“No,” Harry said. He knew Draco was kidding and managed a smile, but his reply was serious. “I know how important flying is to you, and I know how terrible the Shooting Stars are.” He shrugged self-consciously. “I wanted you to have…something.”“Something?” Draco asked.“Something for you. I know what it’s like to have nothing that’s just yours,” Harry said. He hadn’t realised that was his motivation, not enough to put it into words until he’d tried to explain it. A roll of pain came over him as he remembered bits and pieces of his childhood.“Thank you,” Draco said again, kissing Harry. They kissed for a few moments, slow and unhurried until Harry eased away.“I’m starving,” he said, looking up at the late afternoon sky. “It must be close to dinner by now.”“Probably,” Draco replied. “Drop our brooms on the way?”“Yep,” Harry agreed. He Vanished the packing materials, which had blown all over the pitch, and they took the school brooms back to the storeroom.“Harry!”As they exited their common room and turned up the hill, Hagrid’s voice boomed across the grass to them.“Hi,” Harry said, waiting as Hagrid hurried to catch up to them.“Draco,” Hagrid greeted him with a grin.“Hi, Hagrid,” Draco replied.Harry was grinning as they all headed up, Draco’s hand in his, Hagrid rambling about what he’d found in the Forest that day. He seemed quite okay with the fact there was no Care of Magical Creatures at N.E.W.T. level this year.“None o’ya’ve been near the course for a couple o’ years,” Hagrid said. “Be a lot of work to get up to scratch, Harry.”Harry had nodded gravely at this, privately relieved he wouldn’t have to hurt Hagrid’s feelings. As it turned out, McGonagall had suggested quite tactfully that he did have another role in addition to teaching, and it would be stretching himself quite thin to attempt to teach so many classes alongside his Groundskeeper duties.“Very considerate o’ her,” Hagrid said.Harry felt Draco’s hand squeeze his, but he daren’t exchange a glance.“Oh!” Hagrid said as they entered the Great Hall. He pulled a tiny vial out of his pocket after a little searching.“This is for you,” he said, passing it to Draco. “Well, it’s for Felix. Bowtruckle eggs, found ‘em in the Forest today.”“Thanks,” Draco said, tucking it into his pocket. “He’ll love these.”“Yes, well, don’t give him all of ‘em at once, he’ll get a bellyache,” Hagrid said. He grinned at them, and then at Ron and Hermione, coming up behind them before he headed up to the teachers’ table.“What’s that?” Hermione asked, looking at the vial Draco was holding. “Bowtruckle eggs?”“For Felix,” Draco explained.Hermione nodded, but Ron looked confused.“Felix?” he asked.“Draco’s Snidget,” Harry explained. They all started moving into the Hall together, sitting down without anyone commenting. Harry noticed, though, and he found himself grinning that it was happening. Ron still sat diagonally to Draco – neither facing him nor sitting next to him – and he wasn’t looking at Draco, but it was progress.Ron still looked confused. “His what?”“We’ll show you when we get back to the common room,” Harry replied.“Fine,” Ron said.Their plates and food appeared, and they started to help themselves.“Did you get up to see McGonagall today?” Harry asked through a mouthful of shepherd’s pie.“Yes, finally,” Hermione said. “I’d seen her earlier, but it took a while to find Ron.”He coloured, refusing to look at anyone, and Harry remembered where he’d gone after leaving the Quidditch pitch the first time.“So what did she want?” Harry asked. Previously Ron would have shot him a grateful look, and Harry felt the sting of their distance quite sharply in that moment.“Just going over the new stuff,” Ron jumped in, his face still bright red. “Checking we’d read the letters and stuff.”“Right,” Harry said, a little confused. Surely they would have had that meeting first? Ron obviously didn’t want to talk about it, which meant it probably had something to do with Draco. None of them probably wanted to have that conversation, and Harry was quite conscious of the delicate balance. It hinged on them keeping the unsaid unsaid, for the moment at least.“Well, did she tell you who else will be with us in eighth-year this year?” Harry asked, changing the subject again.“Yes,” Hermione replied. “Overall quite a studious group, if not entirely academic.”Harry blinked at that assessment. “Right,” he said, glancing at Draco. “And where do we fit in that assessment?”She looked at him, and he saw her cheeks colour as she realised what she’d said. “Oh, well, I didn’t mean…”“Are you saying we’re not academic?” Harry asked.She blinked, obviously unnerved by his serious tone. “Well, Harry, I don’t think you’ve applied yourself particularly while you’ve been here…”Harry raised his eyebrows. “I won’t be distracted this year, though,” he said, “in fact, I might give you a run for your Galleons.”There was dead silence for a moment among their group – Hermione’s expression disbelieving, Ron’s confused, Draco’s carefully blank.Finally, Hermione said carefully, “Harry…”“I’m kidding,” he said, grinning at her. “Kidding, Hermione.”Ron let out an explosive breath. “Merlin Harry, I thought we were going to have to pull her off you for a second there,” he muttered. “Dangerous game, mate.”“Yeah, well,” Harry said. “Seriously, this year I should be able to concentrate. Especially since I won’t be playing Quidditch at all.”“None of us will, apparently,” Draco agreed.Hermione was still processing the joke, but at the mention of her earlier threat she sat up straight and said seriously, “You may joke, but we’ve been out of school for a long time…”“It’s fine,” Ron said. “We probably all need a push to study.”“Yeah,” Harry agreed. “Wouldn’t even be a N.E.W.T. student without your help, would we?”He looked at Draco, who was lost in thought. He glanced at Harry, uncertainty in his eyes. Harry smiled at him encouragingly.“My father was…motivating,” Draco said awkwardly. “Well, he made studying more attractive than the alternative.” He paused. “I suppose I’m used to having someone pushing me.” He glanced around at them. Ron, Hermione and Harry all had their eyes on him, so he continued, “I’d be grateful for the motivation. And besides,” he said, “if you’re all studying, I might as well.”There was silence for other moment, until Hermione said, “Well, I’m not sure, ‘I might as well,’ is the best reason,” she looked at Draco with mock severity, “but it’ll do.”Draco had tensed while she spoke, but at her last words, he relaxed again. “Thank you,” he said quietly.“Just play it careful, mate,” Ron said, and Harry tensed at the words. Ron leaned forward, a grin on his face, and Harry realised he was looking at Draco for the first time. “If you beat her out for top scores, she’ll probably Hex you.”Draco had tensed again, and he and Harry both relaxed as they realised the joke.“I’ll consider myself warned,” he said. “Thank you.”Hermione had meanwhile hit Ron in the arm, exclaiming, “Ronald!”“Come on, we all know you’d do it,” Harry said. He turned to Draco, hand on his knee under the table. “She got nine Outstanding O.W.L.s,” he leaned closer, whispering theatrically, “and one Exceeds Expectations, but we don’t talk about that. Disappointing, to say the least.”Hermione rolled her eyes as Ron grinned and Draco’s eyes went wide.“You got ten O.W.L.s?” he asked, clearly impressed.“Yes,” Hermione said briskly, but the slight blush made it clear she was pleased with his reaction. “Though I only took nine subjects in sixth-year, so I might not achieve quite as many N.E.W.T.s.”“Well, there’s no way I’ll beat that,” Draco said, as though it was obvious. He turned to Harry. “Probably get more N.E.W.T.s than you, though, Potter.”“Potter?” Harry asked with a grin. “I mean, we could always bet on it, Malfoy.”Draco grinned, meeting Harry’s eyes with an amused expression.“It’s not a competition,” Hermione said, exasperated.“Yes it is,” Ron, Harry and Draco all replied at once.Hermione rolled her eyes. “Well, if it is, then you’d all better study hard this year,” she declared. “Are you done, Ron?”He looked at his almost empty plate. “I guess,” he said reluctantly.She looked at him then rolled her eyes. “Fine. I’m going up to the library to see Madame Pince. She said there might be some new volumes I could look at before term starts.”“Sure,” Ron said, sinking back down. “I’ll see you back in the common room.”She nodded and left.“Is she going up to the library?” Draco asked tentatively. “Voluntarily?”“Yep,” Harry and Ron said together.“You’ll get used to it,” Harry assured him.“She’ll be half living there by the end of next week,” Ron added. “She actually asked Professor McGonagall if they can add a fireplace so she can Floo directly from the library to our common room.”“You’re kidding,” Harry said, laughing.“Nope,” Ron replied. “Thank goodness she said no, Hermione’d be up and down all the time.”“So would you,” Harry said, grinning.“Exactly,” Ron replied darkly.Harry grinned. He glanced at Draco, who looked guardedly amused but didn’t speak.“Can I ask,” Draco said, his tone hesitant, “exactly how serious…Hermione was earlier?”“Very,” Ron said, as Harry said,“Completely.”Draco nodded. “So…she really will confiscate our brooms?” he asked.Ron and Harry nodded in understanding. “Oh,” Harry said. “No, not that.”Ron snorted. “She would,” he disagreed.“Well, I thought you meant about how hard she’d push us to study,” Harry said. “In that respect, she’s very serious. As for the brooms,” he glanced at Ron, who shrugged. “Who knows?”“Pretty sure she was serious about Quidditch, though,” Ron said glumly.“She probably has a point,” Harry said, and Draco nodded.“Yeah,” Ron said. “I hate it when that happens.”Draco grinned a little. “I get the impression that happens a lot.”“All the time,” Ron replied.There was a pause, and Ron stood up abruptly. “Anyway, I’ll see you later,” he said, nodding to them both and leaving the Hall.“Did I say something?” Draco said.“No,” Harry said. “I think he just….remembered.”“Right,” Draco said, “of course.”“No,” Harry said, “I just mean…it hasn’t been long. And I mean, it’s amazing, but sometimes,” he shrugged.“I know,” Draco replied. “Sometimes you forget, and then you remember.”“Yeah,” Harry said. They sat in silence for a moment, then in accord they stood up, heading out of the Hall together.“Mister Potter? Mister Malfoy.” Professor McGonagall’s voice came to them from the Entrance Hall.They turned together, both releasing their hands at the same time as they faced the Headmistress.“Yes, Professor,” Harry asked.She smiled tightly at them both. “Can I assume things with Mister Weasley are going well?”“Yes,” Harry said, glancing at Draco, who nodded in agreement. “Hermione was…persuasive.”“Yes,” Professor McGonagall replied, “I thought she might be.”Harry and Draco grinned at each other, then turned back to the Headmistress as she spoke again.“I wondered if I might have a word with you both?”“Of course,” Harry and Draco said together. They followed her up to her office, Harry feeling more anxious as they made it closer.“Tartan,” she said, glancing at Draco as they stepped onto the stairs. “I trust you will not abuse this knowledge,” she said to both students. “Eighth-year students are afforded some greater freedom,” she said.“Thank you, Professor,” Draco said.When they made it into her office, she turned to them both. “Having a small cohort of eighth-year students is unusual,” she started. “It does put the previous tradition of seventh-year Head Boy and Girl in an awkward position.”Harry nodded, his heart sinking. Was she going to offer one or both of them a position of responsibility? He couldn’t think of anything he wanted less, but refusing would be a difficult undertaking.“I’m not offering either of you a position,” she said, as though reading Harry’s mind. “I simply wondered if you might have any suggestions of how this situation might be resolved.”Harry blinked at her. “Resolved?” he repeated.“Yes, Potter,” she said. “I would prefer to keep the same arrangement of Prefects and Head students for this year at least.”“Well, the eighth-year students are overall a quite studious group,” Harry said seriously, “if not entirely academic.”He could feel Draco staring at him as he continued, “And everyone has returned voluntarily, and we all know how difficult N.E.W.T.s are, so I doubt you’ll have any issues.”She nodded, the corner of her mouth twitching. “I’m glad Miss Granger has been sharing her assessment,” she said wryly.Harry winced. “Does it really sound that much like her?” he asked, grinning.“Given that I asked her the same question this afternoon and she gave me exactly the same answer, yes it does,” McGonagall replied. “Your point about students returning voluntarily is well made, however.” She turned to Draco. “And you, Mister Malfoy? What do you think?”Draco stirred. “Given the lack of Dark threats this year,” he said baldly, “I’d say worries about pranks and students drinking too much are probably fairly low level in comparison to previous years.”Harry turned to him, mouth open in astonishment.“Quite,” Professor McGonagall said. “Though drunkenness will not be tolerated,” she pointed out.“Yes,” Draco said, flushing a little. “I agree with Harry, though.”“So do I,” Professor McGonagall replied. “I also wanted to ensure I can count on the two of you to help keep any Inter-house competition to a reasonable level.” She paused. “Particularly between Slytherin and the other houses. Things may get…enthusiastic.”Draco froze for a second before he nodded stiffly.“Yes,” Harry said. He took Draco’s hand. “We’ll be on it.”He hesitated. “Actually, I wanted to ask when the other eighth-year students are arriving?”“Most will Apparate to Hogsmeade before the train,” she said, “which reminds me, Potter, Madame Juniper has agreed to come down tomorrow to allow you to sit the Apparition Exam before the start of term.”“Thank you, Professor,” Harry said.“Terry Boot and Padma Patil will come on the train,” she continued, “as they have younger siblings, but the others will be here no later than the day of the Start-of-term Feast.”“Okay,” Harry said. He could see her wondering why he was asking, and said, “I was hoping we could see them before the Feast. Might make it easier if they know about Draco and I before. You know, help keep any...unpleasantness to a minimum.”She nodded, understanding. “There will be some…noticing,” she said seriously. “But bullying will not be tolerated. I’ve spoken to you about this already, Mister Malfoy,” she said, and Harry saw him nod. “But the same goes for you, Mister Potter, and I must insist you tell me as soon as anyone – and I mean anyone – crosses the line.”They both nodded. Harry was very grateful for her support.“Well, if there’s nothing else,” the Headmistress said, and the dismissal was clear to them both. They made their way down the castle and out into the grounds. Before they made their way into the common room, Draco pulled Harry into the shadows, pressing their bodies together.“Goodnight,” he murmured, kissing him. Harry melted into it, bringing his arms around Draco and returning his kiss. It was good to reconnect after another intense day.









Chapter 20: Molly and Hermione (and Firewhiskey)
    




Chapter Text
Hermione was sitting in the common room, a book open on her lap and a discontented look on her face.“Goodnight,” Draco said, and he headed for bed as Harry dropped into the seat beside Hermione.“What’s the matter?” Harry asked.“Madame Pince told me to come back tomorrow,” Hermione said. She held up the cover of her book so Harry could see it was The Standard Book of Spells, Volume 5. “I’m revising foundation material instead.”“Right,” Harry said, completely unsurprised at that. “Where’s Ron?”“He went to bed,” Hermione said.Harry nodded. This might be a good opportunity to ask Hermione about something she’d said earlier, but he wasn’t sure how to start.“What?” she asked. “I can feel you looking at me.”“How was it at the Burrow after I left?” Harry asked.“Fine,” Hermione said. “The same.”Harry nodded.“What is it, Harry?” she asked.He hesitated, then said carefully, “How was Molly?”Hermione studied him for a few minutes, then sighed, closing her book. “She’s not really coping,” she admitted quietly.“With…Fred?” Harry asked carefully.Hermione nodded. “You know what she’s always been like, so proud of the oldest boys, telling the twins they should work harder and all that, and poor Ron’s been compared to everyone all the time.”Harry nodded.“And she’s always wanted him to do well at school, get a decent number of O.W.L.s and N.E.W.T.s,” Hermione continued. “But now she’s gone the complete other way, talking about ‘being happy’ and ‘not doing anything you don’t want to do,’” she said.“Right,” Harry said cautiously. He wasn’t sure where this was going.“Well, you know Ron and I aren’t always exactly in agreement,” Hermione said.“Yes,” Harry said. “You two bicker all the time.”“Yes, well,” Hermione said defensively, “It’s just how we are, we always have, even before…everything.” She was flushing, and Harry nodded, knowing she meant, ‘before Ron and I started seeing each other.’“Molly’s been telling him he shouldn’t keep seeing me if I’m going to make him do things he doesn’t want to do,” Hermione blurted.“What?” Harry said. “Seriously?”“She thinks Ron didn’t want to come back to Hogwarts, that he’s only coming back because I want him here and he’s going to,” she took a deep breath, “resent wasting his time. Resent me.”Harry felt his mouth drop open. This was nothing like the Molly he’d seen.“What does she think he wants to do instead?” he asked frowning.“Ginny and George said he could come and work at the joke shop,” Hermione explained. “The twins were planning on opening another branch or maybe expanding the mail order side of things. Molly overheard him telling them he was going to come back here, and George joked that he was ‘under the thumb’. Molly thought he was serious and she’s been giving me dirty looks ever since.” She sniffed, the tears rolling down her cheeks. “He really did want to come back, Harry, I would never have made him if he didn’t want to.”“I know,” Harry replied, still trying to get his head around this news. “What did Ron tell her?”“He’s told her he wants to be here, but she thinks he’s worried I’d leave him,” Hermione said. “Which I would not,” she added fiercely. “I just want him to be happy.”Good grief, this was getting sappy, Harry thought, then realised he had said more or less the same thing to McGonagall earlier that week about Draco. Fair enough, he thought.“She’ll come around,” Harry reassured her. “Does Ron know what he actually does want to do next year?”“I don’t think so,” Hermione replied. “He’s talked about joining his dad at the Ministry.”“In the Misuse of Magical Artifacts Office?” Harry asked.“I think he was more interested in the Department of Magical Games and Sports,” Hermione replied. “But that might depend on which N.E.W.T.s he gets.”“Right,” Harry said. He gave Hermione a sympathetic smile. “I’m sorry Molly’s being difficult. I’m sure she’ll see reason soon enough.”“Maybe,” Hermione replied.“Have you…have you heard from your parents?” Harry asked, since they were talking about family.“No,” Hermione replied. She sniffed. “I haven’t decided what to do. They’re happy in Australia, and they don’t even know I exist, so…” she sighed a shaky sigh. “I don’t know,” she whispered, and dropped her head into her hands. “Even if they do come back, I’ll be here, in the Wizarding world, and they won’t.” The words were muffled, but he could hear her pain at the admission.“Oh, Hermione,” Harry sighed. He pulled the book from her lap and she slid sideways into his embrace. He couldn’t even imagine how difficult this decision was for her. Eventually her sobs eased, and they both sat up.“Better go to bed,” Hermione said, wiping at her eyes.“Me too,” Harry said. “Sleep well.”“You too,” Hermione said. “Thanks, Harry.”“Anytime,” he replied.That night Harry woke from a dream he couldn’t quite remember. The snitch did its thing, light bursting forth and the usual supplies appearing on his bedside table. To his incredible surprise, Ron barely stirred; Draco came over, his words quiet and comforting in the dim light. Harry leaned into the warmth, wishing he could go back to sleep wrapped in his arms; instead they parted ways, Draco pressing a kiss into his temple instead.Harry wondered if the other boys would wake when nightmares happened. He was more often on the side of the nightmares than those being woken by others; from what he remembered, nobody talked about, generally. Having said that, things might have changed. They all had things to have nightmares about, now.Thankfully he drifted back into sleep, and when Felix landed on his pillow with the morning light, Harry was woken enough to sit up.“Morning, Felix,” he murmured. The small golden head nodded at him and Harry wondered what the bird thought of him. He wasn’t Draco, of course, but he’d been around the same amount of time.Both Draco and Ron were still asleep, so Harry dressed quietly and slipped out of the dorm. There was no sight of Hermione, so he settled down with his copy of A Guide to Advanced Transfiguration and started to read.By the time Hermione emerged, Harry was engrossed in the chapter on Animagi. It was more interesting than he thought it would be, but he could see already how much work he would have to do just to pass this year.“Good morning,” Hermione said. She nodded approvingly at his reading material.“No escaping it,” he grinned at her. “The others are still asleep.”Before Hermione could reply, an owl knocked on the window. Harry let it in, paid it and took the small piece of parchment from its offered leg. 
Mister Potter, 

Your Apparition test will take place at 10am this morning. Please be present at the Entrance Hall at this time.

Professor McGonagall

Headmistress
 “Oh, that’s good,” Hermione said. She frowned. “Hang on, didn’t you Apparate here?”“Yes,” Harry said. “Didn’t even think about needing a licence, to be honest.”Hermione rolled her eyes. “Of course you didn’t.”“Come on, how often did we Apparate last year?” Harry said.“Yes, and how many times did we get Splinched?” Hermione replied.“Just once, and I’m pretty sure that was Ron,” Harry replied. He and Hermione were grinning at each other, the old rhythm returning to their exchange. “I wouldn’t have a hope of passing today without all that practice.”She grinned at him. “Are you going to wait for Draco?” she asked.Harry hesitated. He didn’t want to abandon Draco, especially with Ron, but he couldn’t chaperone him forever, and Ron had been surprisingly good.“No,” he said. “I’ll come back down before the Apparition test.”“Okay,” Hermione said. “I just have a list I want to show Madame Pince.” She ducked back into her dorm, returning as she tucked a piece of parchment into her pocket.They made their way across the grass to the castle.“Have you seen Hagrid yet?” Harry asked.“Yes,” Hermione said. “You know there’s no N.E.W.T. class for Care of Magical Creatures?” She glanced at him. “I’m glad I didn’t have to hurt his feelings.”“Me either,” Harry said. “He doesn’t seem too disappointed though.”“I think Professor McGonagall was quite tactful,” Hermione said. “I’m glad.”“Yeah,” Harry said. “I hope we’ll have time to visit him this term.”“We’ll have to make time,” Hermione said determinedly.“Ah, no we won’t,” Harry replied pointedly. “No more Time-Turners, thanks very much.”Hermione looked startled, then grinned at him. “I keep remembering things, too,” she said. “It all seems so long ago.”“Yeah,” Harry said, as they dropped into the end of a table in the Great Hall. “I understand why Ron’s parents get so…” he broke off, wincing. “Sorry,” he said.“It’s fine,” she said, smiling a little tightly.“So, if you think Molly’s not happy about Ron seeing you, what do you think she’ll say when she hears I’m seeing Draco?” Harry asked, trying to keep the question light as he took some toast.Hermione froze for a second, her spoon halfway to her mouth before she put it back down in her porridge bowl. “Are you planning on telling her?” she asked carefully.Harry blinked. “What do you mean?” he said.“Well,” Hermione replied, “How long have you been seeing each other? A few weeks?”“Yes,” Harry said, feeling himself grow defensive.“So if it was anyone else,” Hermione said, “would you tell her?”“Well, probably not,” Harry said. “But given that one of her sons is sharing a dorm with both of us, and another will be teaching all of us, I figure she might find out.”“Okay,” Hermione said. “And if she does…” she let her sentence trail off for Harry to complete.“Well, I just,” Harry stopped, trying to find the words. “I feel like I should tell her. Instead of her hearing it from someone else.”“Why?” Hermione asked. “Seriously, Harry, why do you need to tell her?”Harry looked at her helplessly. “I don’t know,” he replied. “Do you think I shouldn’t?”“Definitely not,” Hermione said immediately. When Harry raised his eyebrows at her, she continued, “She will find out from someone else, Harry, and that’s pretty much how it’s supposed to happen when you’re at school. Your parents – and Molly’s basically a mother figure – are meant to find out from someone else, get over their initial reaction, then corner you over the holidays.”“She likes to send Howlers, though,” Harry said.“Do you really think she’d send you a Howler?” Hermione replied.Harry looked at her. “I dunno,” he replied.They fell into silence, each eating their respective breakfasts until Ron appeared, looking grumpy.“You didn’t wait for me,” he said mainly to Hermione.“You were sleeping and I was hungry,” she told him bluntly.Ron looked at Harry, who shrugged. “I didn’t wait for Draco either,” he pointed out.Ron scowled, dropping into the seat beside Hermione. “He’s up,” he told Harry.“Okay,” Harry said, glancing at his watch. “I’ll duck down there before my test.”“Good luck,” Hermione said.“Test?” Ron asked, looking alarmed.“Apparition,” Harry said. “I never did pass my test.”Ron looked startled. “Neither did I,” he said. He frowned. “Do you think I could do it too?”Harry shrugged. “I guess,” he said. “I’m meeting McGonagall in the Entrance Hall in half an hour if you want to ask.”“Yeah,” Ron said, “okay.”Harry left them both, heading back down to the common room where he found Draco just coming out of the dorm.“Good morning,” Harry smiled at him, relieved the room was deserted so he could move in for a kiss.“You left early,” Draco said.“Yes,” Harry replied. “Well, yes and no. You were still sleeping.”“I was,” Draco said. He grinned. “Did you have some kind of pressing engagement this morning?”“Actually I’m taking the Apparition test this morning,” Harry said. “I was too young when they offered it here.”Draco nodded. “So was I,” he said. “My father arranged for me to do it privately right after my birthday.”“Of course he did,” Harry said affectionately.Draco grinned. Harry was pleased they were at the point where he could gently tease Draco about that. “Well, I have to be up there soon, so are you going to wish me luck?”Draco moved in close, murmuring, “What if someone walks in?”“They won’t,” Harry replied, sending a silent spell to lock the door. “But I could absolutely do with some luck.” He stretched his neck, inviting Draco to kiss the expanse of skin he was offering. He didn’t need to be told twice, and Harry sighed, relaxing into Draco’s arms as the familiar thrill ran up his spine. It was tempting to stay all day; Merlin knew he and Draco could come up with ways to pass the time, but McGonagall would be waiting. He certainly didn’t need her rethinking any policy about he and Draco staying the same dormitory this year.“I should go,” Harry said finally, reluctantly moving away.“Not like you can Apparate up there,” Draco teased, pressing one last kiss to Harry’s neck.“Not yet,” Harry replied. “Not that you can Apparate anywhere on Hogwarts grounds, though.”“True,” Draco said. “Where do you have to meet?”“Entrance Hall,” Harry told him.“I’ll come up there with you,” Draco said. “I could do with some breakfast.”They walked up together, meeting Ron, Hermione, Professor McGonagall and another witch Harry didn’t recognise.“Good morning Professor,” Harry greeted her.“Mister Potter,” McGonagall greeted him. “Mister Malfoy.”Before she could continue, another wizard approached, puffing as he made it up the hill.“I’m sorry I’m late,” Neville managed. He glanced around, nodding at everyone (including Draco, Harry was grateful to notice).“Mister Longbottom,” McGonagall replied. “Thank you for joining us.” She turned to the unfamiliar witch. “This is Madame Juniper from the Department of Magical Transportation. She’s kindly consented to come here today to test you, Mister Potter and Mister Longbottom, and also Mister Weasley who has not passed his Apparition Test either.”Harry nodded at her, butterflies launching in his stomach. He grinned at Neville. “Long time since the lessons,” he murmured.“Yes,” Neville replied, looking nervous.“We’ll be fine,” Harry told him.“We’ll see you later,” Draco said, and he and Hermione departed.“Good luck!” Hermione told them all.“Well, Mister Potter,” Madame Juniper said, her glasses wobbling as she beamed at him, “you and Mister Weasley should have no trouble with this if the stories I’ve heard are true.”Harry shifted uncomfortably. He met Ron’s eyes, and they exchanged a tight grin.“I presume you’ve had sufficient practice?” she asked Neville.“Well,” Neville began, but Harry cut in over him.“I’m sure he has,” Harry said, nudging him to shut up.“Well, let’s begin, shall we?” Madame Juniper said. “You have your wands, I trust?”“Yes, Madame,” Harry, Ron, and Neville replied.+++It wasn’t long after that all three of them sat in the Hog’s Head drinking a celebratory Butterbeer.“I’m glad I won’t ever have to do that again,” Neville said. “I hate taking tests.”“You don’t think you’ll Apparate often?” Harry asked.“No,” Neville replied. “Besides, if I’m living at Hogwarts I can’t, can I?”“True,” Ron allowed. “I’m just glad I didn’t Splinch myself.”“Again,” Harry added, grinning at his friend.“Shut up,” Ron muttered, but he was grinning too.They sat in silence for a few moments, enjoying the camaraderie and the relief at their success.“Have you thought about what you’ll want to do next year?” Neville asked.Ron rolled his eyes. “Not all of us get handed our dream job, Neville,” he said, though it wasn’t as sarcastic as it could be.Neville flushed. “I’m not teaching yet,” he said into his Butterbeer, but he was smiling self-consciously.Harry shoved Ron. “We’re really happy for you, Neville,” he said pointedly. “Has your Grandmother been in touch?”“Constantly,” Neville admitted, “though she understands I’ll be busy when school starts.”“That’s a good excuse,” Ron nodded.Harry hesitated, then asked, “Have you…seen your parents lately?”Neville’s smile faded a little. “No,” he said quietly. “Not since I came up to Hogsmeade.”Harry nodded but didn’t say anything. He didn’t know what to say, but ignoring what he knew about Neville’s parents somehow felt wrong.“I saw the joke shop was open when I was in Diagon Alley,” Neville said to Ron. “Is your brother back?”Ron’s expression closed, but he gave a tight nod. Nobody spoke for a long moment, and Harry wondered if he would say anything. Eventually he said, “George and Ginny are going to work together.”Neville nodded, but maintained the silence. Nobody spoke for a moment, each sipping their Butterbeer and avoiding looking at each other.“Anyone want to ask about my family?” Harry asked finally. “Just to really round out the awkwardness?”Both Neville and Ron looked at him, startled, but they relaxed when they saw his grin.“So you’re loving it so far, I’m guessing?” Harry asked Neville.“It’s wonderful,” Neville said, launching into a story about planting Venomous Tentacula Pods. He and Ron listened, grinning as Neville explained how he’d had to climb out a window when one of the pods unexpectedly germinated in his hand.Finally, Harry sighed. “We should walk home,” he said, hiccupping. “And make sure McGonag…McGonagag…she doesn’t see us.”“Yeah,” Ron slurred. “I’s pretty sure this is wha’ she meant. About bein’ drunk.”“She did,” Neville replied. He didn’t seem as drunk as the others, and Harry thought it was either than he’d been drinking a lot lately, or maybe it was the Firewhiskey he’d declined in their toasts.“Where’s ‘mione?” Ron asked suddenly. “I don’ think she’ll be too pleased either.”“Definitely not,” Harry said. He frowned. “Shhhh. Don’ tell Draco either.”“Right,” Neville said, “there’s no way we can sneak in and avoid the Headmistress and the other two people living in your accommodation.”He concentrated, then conjured a vial of something out of thin air.“Merlin!” Ron swore, almost falling over in alarm. “Where did you learn to do that?”“Needs must,” Neville muttered. He handed the vial to each of them. “Drink some. There’s enough here for two.”“Smells revolting,” Ron said, wrinkling his nose.“It is,” Neville said, watching as both took a decent swallow. He stepped right back as they blinked for a few seconds before turning to the side and vomiting violently. Calmly he Vanished the mess they’d made and passed them some water.“Better?” Neville asked wryly.“Not really,” Harry groaned. “What on earth were we thinking?”“No idea,” Neville replied. “Shots of Firewhiskey in the middle of the day are never a good idea.”“Noted,” Ron said, swilling water around and spitting it out. “What is that stuff?”“Antox Potion,” Neville told them. “Accelerates the process so you end up going straight to hungover.”“Thanks, I think,” Harry said, wincing.“Better than getting detention before term even starts,” Neville pointed out.“That would be a record,” Harry said.“I dunno,” Ron said, “remember the year we flew that car here?”“Snape was ready to send us home,” Harry grinned. The smile slid from his face as nausea rolled through him again.“Okay, enough nostalgia,” Neville said. “You two need to get to bed, I reckon.”“Yeah,” Ron agreed with a wince.









Chapter 21: Reflection
    




Chapter Text
It took them ages to walk back to school, Harry wishing he could Accio his broom here. He wasn’t entirely sure it would work over such a long distance, though, so instead they trekked slowly along, finally crossing into the grounds of the school somewhere around dinner time.“Might just go straight to bed,” Ron said.“I need to eat something,” Harry disagreed. “And Hermione’s going to yell at you either way, so you might as well let her do it tonight.”Ron blinked at him, his mind taking a few moments to process the idea. “You’re right,” he sighed. “You coming, Neville?”“Yeah,” Neville replied. “Might have to sit at the teacher’s table, though.”“Of course,” Harry said. “Isn’t that weird?”“Very,” Neville replied. He leaned in, whispering unnecessarily. “Did you notice McGonagall still calls me ‘Mister Longbottom’?”“Yeah,” Harry grinned. “But you’re still calling her ‘McGonagall’.”“I can’t call her Minerva!” Neville gasped. “Not until she calls me Neville first.”“Fair enough,” Harry replied.They walked into the Great Hall, Harry automatically trying to stand up taller and look less like he was about to be sick.“There you are!” Hermione called to them all. “Hi, Neville, you joining us?”Neville looked uncertain, but as the teacher’s table was empty he agreed, sliding in next to Ron.“I assume you passed?” Draco asked Harry as he settled in on the bench.“We did,” Harry said. “Thank goodness.”“Celebrating, then?” Draco asked dryly.“Yeah,” Harry said. “A bit too much, I think.”“Good think McGonagall’s not here,” Draco whispered, pressing his knee into Harry’s.“Yeah,” Harry replied. He surveyed the food, taking a couple of sausages and a few roasted potatoes, the only thing he could see that he thought his stomach would tolerate. “What did you do today?”“Oh,” Draco said, trying to look casual, “Hermione and I worked out a study schedule.”Harry stopped, looking at him. “Seriously?”“No,” Draco grinned. “Just kidding. She did try to make me agree to it, but I told her we should wait and see what our timetables looked like first.”Harry was relieved. It would be bad enough having Hermione on his case, not to mention the pressure he figured would come from everyone else, but Draco too would be a step too far.“So what did you actually do, then?” Harry asked.Draco shrugged. “Hermione leant me Numerology and Grammatica, and I flew for a while.” His cheeks pinked as he admitted, “Hermione and I practiced some Defense in the Room for a while.”“Oh?” Harry asked. “That sounds good.”“Yeah, she was trying to teach me to send a speaking Patronus,” Draco said. “But mine’s not corporeal enough yet.”“It will be soon,” Hermione interjected. She’d obviously finished berating Ron, who was tucking into a huge slice of meat pie and mashed potatoes. “You just need to concentrate.”“Did you figure out what it is?” Harry asked. From what he could remember it was something big, but he hadn’t been able to identify it.Draco blushed again, looking proud. “Hermione thinks it’s a komodo dragon,” he said.“A what?” Harry asked. Was that some kind of dragon he’d never heard of?“A komodo dragon,” Hermione repeated. “Large lizard native to Indonesia.” She pulled out her wand and conjured an image in the air, and their whole group stopped talking to look. There wasn’t much to compare the size of it, but Harry remembered Draco’s Patronus being huge, so the large claws and thick body would be plenty enough to protect him.“Wow,” he said, impressed. The image vanished, and Harry turned to Draco. “That’s amazing.”“Yeah,” Draco said, grinning. He leaned in. “I was worried I’d get a bunny or something.”Harry grinned. “The animal doesn’t matter,” he pointed out. “I think Luna’s is a hare, actually.”Draco shrugged. “Still,” he said, and Harry was sure he was going to keep talking, but he didn’t.“Later?” Harry asked quietly, and Draco shot him a grateful look.“Well, that’s one thing you won’t have to worry about for Defence Against the Dark Arts this year,” Harry said.“Yeah,” Draco replied, and the frown that crossed his face made Harry pause. He resolved to ask Draco about it later.“Two more days,” Harry mused. “It’s so strange being here before school starts.”“It’s been good,” Ron said. He glanced at everyone, saying, “Just…getting used to it all again. When it’s all normal. But different.”“Yeah,” Neville said. He blushed, looking down at his plate. “Nice not to have my Nan telling me how I have to do the Longbottom name proud, for once.”Harry nodded. Privately he thought Neville was doing a pretty good job. He hoped that was what Neville meant, that she was finally appreciating him for who he was.“My parents would always cry,” Hermione said, her own eyes full as she remembered. “We didn’t know anyone else who went off to boarding school.”“Mum would be moaning about how much it cost to send us all off,” Ron said. “I think she secretly liked it, though.”“Yeah,” Harry said, smiling at the memories. “I don’t think I had the same thing two years in a row, really.”“Not a quiet life for you, Harry?” Ron asked with mock surprise.“Now, maybe,” Harry said. He glanced at Draco, who hadn’t said anything. He looked up.“My father…” he started, then stopped.“What?” Hermione prompted. The others were all looking, too, and Harry pressed his knee to Draco’s in solidarity.“Kind of like Neville’s gran,” Draco said. “Telling me how I was the last left with our name. Had to do us proud.” He glanced at Hermione. “Had to be the best in the year. He wasn’t always…complimentary about you,” Draco said with an apologetic expression.“I bet he wasn’t,” Hermione muttered, but there was no malice towards Draco.Draco was still quiet, and just when Harry thought the conversation would move on, he added, “He wanted to send me overseas, but my mother wouldn’t have it.” His mouth curved up but there was no mirth in it. “He didn’t understand why she wanted me close.”The table was silent until Hermione said tentatively, “Because…she loves you, right?”“Yes,” Draco said, with a deep breath. “That wasn’t something he really understood, I think.”They were silent again, Draco staring at his plate, the others all exchanging looks.“Well, this is a pretty good way to start our last year,” Harry said finally. He winced. “Except for the Firewhiskey. That might not have been the best idea.”The tension broke a little as Ron groaned. “I don’t know who’s idea it was,” he said, “but let’s never again.”“Anyone need to go to Diagon Alley before school?” Neville asked as the puddings appeared. “I’m going in tomorrow, the bouncing bulbs we ordered are in, and they want me to collect them soon as possible.”“No,” the others answered.“I will go down to Hogsmeade, though,” Harry said. “I need more ink and a new quill,” he grinned, “plus I want a decent stock from Honeydukes. I get the impression we’ll need it and we won’t have much time to go back and forth, even if we can.”“I know,” Ron groaned, filling his plate with bread and butter pudding. “What’s the use of all that freedom if you don’t have time to enjoy it?”“I thought you weren’t feeling well?” Hermione asked pointedly as Ron added a huge dollop of cream to his pudding.“I wasn’t,” he said. “Am now, though.”Hermione rolled her eyes. “I have everything I need, thanks,” she said to Harry.“Actually, I might come and drop into the joke shop, see how it’s going,” Ron said to Neville. “Tomorrow morning, you reckon?”“Yes,” Neville replied.Hermione frowned. “I thought we were going to start reading our textbooks tomorrow?” she said pointedly to Ron. She turned, her finger seeking out Harry and Draco. “You two should as well, though I know you’ve at least started.” This last comment was obviously a dig at Ron. Harry would have bet half his gold Ron hadn’t even cracked a book yet.“When I get back,” Ron promised.They all finished eating, Ron and Neville agreeing to meet early to try and beat the inevitable crowds at Diagon Alley so close to the start of term.“You’d better make good on that,” Harry said as they walked back to their common rooms. “She’s going to be on you this year, mate.”“I know,” Ron said, groaning. He glanced back, where Hermione and Draco were deep in a debate with Neville about the merits of practical experience with dangerous plants. “I just can’t figure out why. I mean, more than usual, you know?”Harry glanced over too, then said in a low voice, “Did you know your mum spoke to her before you left the Burrow?”“Well, yeah, they argued a bit,” Ron said. He frowned. “But what does that have to do with anything?”Harry looked at his friend. “She – your mum – reckons Hermione’s convinced you to come back to school.” Harry winced as Ron’s mouth opened in a perfect ‘O’. “I think Hermione’s trying to prove to your mum that you actually want to be here.”Ron was speechless, half glancing at Hermione, and Harry remembered the talking to Hermione had given them about understanding girls. When was that? Fourth-year, or maybe fifth...either way, it was still largely a mystery and Harry figured they both needed all the help they could get.“Right,” Ron said. “Well, Mum’ll get over it.”“Hang on,” Harry said, putting one hand on Ron’s arm, “don’t tell Hermione I told you. I mean, she’ll probably figure it out, but don’t say anything, and especially don’t tell your mum to back off. Trust me,” he said as Ron looked sceptical, his attention still half on Hermione. “Just…don’t complain to your mum about school. Don’t go over the top, but don’t make it sound like you don’t want to be here.”Ron shut his mouth, then nodded distractedly. “Alright,” he said. He frowned. “How did you get so smart at this?”Harry grinned. “I listened to Hermione,” he said, wincing as Ron punched him in the bicep. “And Ginny,” he added, the twinge this time from the pain of old memories.“Not that you need it anymore,” Ron grumbled. “Dating a bloke’s got to be easier.”“Maybe,” Harry said, his stomach doing a swoop at the casual reference. “Depends on who it is, though.”Ron looked at him, obviously weighing up whether to say something or not. “Everything okay?” he asked eventually, his tone tentative.“Yeah,” Harry said. “I mean, I have no idea what I’m doing, of course, but I just meant,” he sighed. “It’s not going to be just ‘Harry and Draco’, which is unusual enough.”“I don’t think it’s as big a deal here,” Ron said. “Compared to what I know about Muggles. People dating people isn’t as taboo as dating trolls, or goblins, or whatever.”Harry blinked. He hadn’t even thought about that. “Right,” he said. That was a thought for another day. “Well I mean, it won’t be just…us. It’ll be The Boy Who,” he rolled his hand over, not even having the energy to say the rest of it, “and the former Death Eater. Assuming they bother to say, ‘former’,” he said, surprised at the bitterness in his own voice.“Yeah,” Ron said. He was quiet for a second, before admitting, “That’s the hardest bit, Harry.”“I know,” Harry said, feeling his frustration close to the surface. “Don’t you think I know that? But I’m-”“Hang on,” Ron said, and he pulled Harry aside. They were getting close to their common room by now and he let the others go past, giving them a second to finish their conversation. “I know,” Ron said, when they had their space. “Seriously, the only people that are going to care that you’re dating a bloke are the same idiots who care that Hagrid is a half-giant, or girls who wanted to date you in the first place.”Harry stared. “So the usual bigots, then,” he said.“Yeah,” Ron said.“Like Draco used to be,” Harry said.Ron opened his mouth, then closed it as he realised the point Harry was making. “Well, yeah,” he said eventually. “Look, it’s always going to be a bit like that,” Ron said, sounding wiser than Harry had heard him. He wondered how much of Hermione was in this little speech. “So you really have to get over it, ignore them and just let them make up their own minds. Right?”Harry stared, then nodded.“And let me kick the arse of anyone who gets out of line,” Ron grinned.Harry grinned back. “How much of that was from Hermione?” he asked.“Most of it,” Ron admitted, “except the part about kicking arse.”Harry chuckled. This seemed to be the right moment, so he said seriously, “Thanks, Ron. I mean, not just this, but,” he felt himself tearing up, but forced the words out. “For giving Draco a chance. I know it was shit. And it won’t change what happened.” He swallowed hard. “And you don’t have to like him. But…thanks.”“Yeah, well,” Ron said, clearly uncomfortable with the emotion, “Hermione’s pretty persuasive. And right, which is really annoying. Besides,” Ron said, “if she’s off with you and Draco, that leaves me out on my arse, doesn’t it?”“No,” Harry began, but Ron continued.“And if Hagrid and Neville can come around,” Ron said, “and you’re my best mate, Harry…” he shrugged, but Harry knew what he meant. Wordlessly, he pulled Ron into a rough hug, feeling Ron’s fist pound on his back a couple of times.“Alright,” Ron said, pulling away and straightening his jumper, “we’d better get in there before they do actually set out a revision timetable for us.”Harry grinned at him. “I wouldn’t put it past either of them,” he said.They walked back into the common room, Harry’s heart much lighter. He’d wanted to thank Ron, watching him make such an effort to look past the memories they had of Draco from their earlier years at school. And what Ron had said about the potential reaction to Harry dating Draco was interesting, too. With the start of school now so close, he was increasingly preoccupied with how things might be this year. There was no big bad this year, no terrible fight he had to try and win against all the odds, the terror eating like acid through his veins. There was no Snape to contend with, no nights to wake up with his scar throbbing and someone else’s vision in his memory. There wouldn’t even be Malfoy to keep an eye on, to verbally spar with and plot against.The hardest thing this year would actually be his school work, which would be a change. He wouldn’t have Quidditch, which would be difficult, but he’d already accepted that if he really wanted to do his best this year, he’d have to be content with flying when he could. At least he could look forward to having the support of Ron and Hermione, as well as what was happening with Draco.If nothing else, that was good.Harry and Ron let themselves in, Hermione waiting in the common room. She looked like she was waiting causally, but the moment the door closed, she snapped her book closed and met Ron’s eyes. They nodded without speaking, and with barely a glance at Harry, left together. Probably to say goodnight, Harry thought, smirking to himself. This would be an interesting year, with at least two of-age couples in their dorms.Ron and Hermione left for a walk; Harry nodded. He let himself into the dorm, smiling at Draco as he looked up from his Firebolt. It was hovering gently in the air over his bed.“Hi,” Harry said, walking over to him.Draco put his broomstick down, grinning self-consciously. “Still can’t believe it,” Draco murmured. He moved closer, but still careful to leave a gap between them.“Ron and Hermione’ve gone for a walk,” Harry said. He stepped closer. “They’ll be noisy when they come in.”Draco raised one eyebrow, closing the gap completely. “Will they,” he replied, kissing Harry before he had time to reply.Harry sighed into the kiss. He hadn’t realised how much he’d missed being close to Draco in the last couple of days. They’d been very conscious of the others since they’d arrived, especially with the potential issue of Ron’s reaction to Draco. Now, they could at least relax a little, and with Ron and Hermione wanting some time to themselves too, they could enjoy these few moments.Finally, Harry eased back, arms still around Draco. “Big day,” he murmured.“Big day,” Draco replied.“Maybe tomorrow we can get away for a bit,” Harry said.“That would be good,” Draco replied. “If the weather’s good we could fly?”“Picnic, maybe?” Harry suggested, and they smiled at each other.“Sounds like a good idea,” Draco replied, easing back into the kiss.However much time passed, Harry had no idea, but suddenly there was a loud bang from the common room. He and Draco jumped apart, staring at each other for a second before they broke into laughter.“So subtle,” Draco muttered.“That would be Ron,” Harry agreed. “I’d bet Hermione’s berating him right now.”Draco grinned. “Well, I’d better say goodnight,” he murmured, pressing one last kiss to Harry’s mouth before easing back.“Goodnight,” Harry said with a smile.He was in the bathroom when he heard Ron’s voice from the common room.“I’m going to bed now!” Ron roared, stomping theatrically on the floorboards before there was silence. Grinning and shaking his head, Harry poked his head around the corner of the bathroom to see Ron’s head appear around the outer door of the dorm.“What are you doing?” Harry asked him.“Just want to make sure you knew we were here,” Ron replied. He relaxed, the rest of his body appearing in the room.Harry rolled his eyes, then disappeared back into the bathroom to finish brushing his teeth.“Slamming the door as you entered worked fine,” Harry said when he returned to the dorm. He climbed into bed, Ron walking past on the way to the bathroom.Harry grinned to himself and settled down, closing his eyes and letting himself relax into sleep.









Chapter 22: Preparing
    




Chapter Text
The next day dawned overcast – a disappointment to everyone except Hermione, who noted with some satisfaction that it would be the perfect opportunity to ensure they’d read their textbooks before the year began. Much as he wanted to join Ron in the eye-rolling and heavy overdramatic sighs, Harry had to agree with her. From what he’d already seen, the year would be heavy on the research and homework and the last time he was at school was a long, long time ago.“What are you going to start with?” Harry asked at breakfast.Draco shrugged. “I’m halfway through Numerology and Grammatica,” he said through a mouthful of toast, “but I think Hermione wants to talk about Herbology again so I might read that instead.”Harry grinned. “You’re already falling into line,” he said. When Draco looked a little alarmed, he shook his head. “Don’t worry, it’s just easier. We’ll do the same, though Ron will complain about it more than I will.”Ron rolled his eyes. Hermione had brought her copy of One Thousand Magical Herbs and Fungi to the table and appeared not to be listening.“Not like it’s the second last day of the holidays or anything,” Ron grumbled. “Not like I wouldn’t like to be-”“We’d all like to be doing something else,” Harry interrupted him. “Well, except Hermione, probably.”“Correct,” Hermione said distractedly. All three men looked at her in surprise, and she didn’t take her eyes off her book as she added, “I can do more than one thing at a time, you know.”“Yeah,” Harry replied, grinning at her.“Besides, it’s raining,” Hermione pointed out. “Do you really want to be walking around London in this weather?”“We’re nowhere near London,” Ron said argumentatively. “How do you know what the weather is like in London?”“Ron,” Neville’s voice same, appearing beside them. “It’s pouring in London. Might wait ‘til term starts to go down to Diagon Alley.”“How do you know that?” Ron demanded as Draco and Harry broke into chuckles.Neville shrugged. “They sent a message about the Bouncing Bulbs,” he said. “Told me not to hurry, the rain always makes them sulky.”“Fine,” Ron muttered. He looked at Harry. “I guess this means you won’t be going down to Hogsmeade either?”“Not in this,” Harry agreed. He shrugged. “I can always go tomorrow.”They finished their breakfast, everyone ignoring Ron’s strop by tacit agreement. With nobody to agree with him, the grumbles soon petered out, and they caught a break in the weather to make their way back down to their common room. It was all remarkably calm, Harry thought. He and Draco settled on one sofa, Ron and Hermione on the other, each with a book in hand. Hermione was making notes, obviously having read her books once already, and she was spread over the coffee table.“What’re you making notes for?” Ron asked as she set up her stationery to her liking.“I’m noting the contradictions, points of discussion and questions I have,” Hermione said without looking up. “Also the pages relating to questions that have appeared in the previous three years’ exams.”Harry glanced at Draco, face frozen in amazement, then at Ron, whose scowl said he knew how much Hermione would be pushing them for the rest of the year.“Yeah,” Harry said, as Draco leaned over, mouth open as if to ask something. “She’ll be like that all year.”“How many classes are you taking again, Hermione?” Draco asked.“Nine,” Hermione told him. “Same as sixth-year.”“Nine?” Draco exclaimed.Hermione looked at him. “I intend to sit exams for Transfiguration, Charms, Potions, History of Magic, Defences Against the Dark Arts, Astronomy, Herbology, Arithmancy, and Ancient Runes.”Draco’s mouth dropped open. “How are you even fitting those in?” he asked.“Well,” Hermione said, in the voice that told Harry she had worked out a schedule. “I’ve worked out a schedule.”“Of course you have,” Ron murmured, but there was affection in the tone.“I won’t actually be taking classes in Astronomy, Ancient Runes, or History of Magic,” she said. “The Professors have agreed to allow me to sit the exams as long as I keep up with the coursework. Which I have already begun, of course. I’ll have a tutorial for each subject once a week.” She looked entirely calm at the idea of taking three extra classes on top of a full timetable. “It shouldn’t be too difficult. I’ve been working on Astronomy and History of Magic, and I’ve started working through previous exams for Ancient Runes.”Draco was still looking at her with an open mouth.“What are you taking?” she asked Draco.“Um,” Draco said, taking a moment to remember. “Potions, Herbology, Transfiguration, Charms, Defence Against the Dark Arts and Arithmancy.”Hermione nodded, impressed. “You’ll have a lot of options if you do well,” she said approvingly.“Yeah, well, some of us just want to be able to pass a few,” Ron grumbled.“What are you taking?” Draco asked Ron.“Herbology, Charms, Transfiguration, Defence Against the Dark Arts,” Ron said grudgingly. He glanced around, adding, “Mum wanted me to take more, but I told her I’m not that academic, am I?”“You said, ‘I’m not Percy, Mum,’” Hermione corrected him. Harry winced, and Draco looked lost.“Not good?” he asked Harry tentatively.“A bit not good,” Harry agreed.“She’s not too happy I’ve come back,” Ron said. “She thinks I should just go and get a job instead.”“Well you haven’t exactly committed to your studies up until now,” Harry said.“Yeah, I’ve been a bit busy saving your life,” Ron retorted.Harry raised one eyebrow.“Yeah, yeah, I know,” Ron said with a sigh.“What would you do, if you got a job?” Harry asked. He was curious now, having heard Molly and Hermione’s ideas of what Ron might do, but not actually Ron’s.“Dunno,” Ron said. “At least if I’m at school I can put it off for a while.”“And finishing your N.E.W.T. year will make you far more employable,” Hermione pointed out.“I know,” Ron muttered. “Assuming I pass.”“I don’t think you need to worry about that,” Draco said. “From the look of it, Hermione’ll finish you off if you don’t pass anyway.”Ron looked at him for a long second, and Harry wondered how he’d react.“True,” Ron said finally. He glanced over. “Just make it quick, alright?”“Nobody is going to die this year,” Hermione said with a roll of her eyes.“That’d be a first,” Harry muttered.All three rolled their eyes, grins across their faces too. It could have been a hugely awkward moment, but it wasn’t; nobody mentioned it, but Harry felt his throat thicken at the reality that they could all sit here without sniping and acknowledge the frankly bizarre experiences they’d all had here during their schooling.Hermione looked determined. “We are going to pass, and we are going to pass well,” she said to all of them in her most severe tone. “This is not a year for socialising, unlike previous years.”“Previous years?” Harry protested. “Pretty sure all of us were busy fighting for our lives, thanks Hermione.”He felt Draco’s hand steal into his and he squeezed it. He’d deliberately included Draco in that statement; he knew Draco had been as fearful and vulnerable as the rest of them, should Voldemort have decided he and his family were too inconvenient.“If Hermione’s planning to off us if we fail, it’s just about the same, though, isn’t it?” Ron said.Harry looked at Ron. “Are you comparing Hermione Granger to Voldemort?” he asked.Ron shrugged. “Pretty much.”There was a beat as all three considered that, then laughter broke out at the ridiculous thought. Even Hermione looked mildly amused, though she didn’t actually laugh. The atmosphere was far lighter as they all settled back into their books, Ron’s leg pressing against Hermione’s as she leaned forward to write; Draco and Harry had crossed ankles on the floor in front of them.All in all, it was quiet, domestic and somehow comforting to Harry. They were all studying, but there wasn’t the worry in the back of his mind that he remembered from the days when he was supposed to be solving the mermaid song egg, or practicing Occulmency, or figuring out how to get Slughorn to open up to him. It was calm, Felix settling on his head an occasionally fluffing his feathers with a whole body shiver.A while later – Harry was both pleased he’d acquiesced to Hermione and alarmed at how difficult the Charms appeared to be for the coming year – he stretched, glancing over. Ron, despite his earlier protestations, was engrossed in his book. Harry tried to catch his attention but he was completely involved in what he was reading.With a sudden burst, Harry knew it wasn’t his textbook. Had he Charmed the cover to appear to be something he wasn’t?“Looks like the rain’s stopped,” Harry said. He tipped his chin to Ron. “Want to come for a walk and raid the kitchen with me?”“Sure,” Ron said, tucking his book into the bookshelf at the end of the sofa.“We’ll be back soon,” Harry said to the others. “Any requests?”“Cream buns,” Draco replied with a grin. “Thanks.”Hermione barely looked up, but Harry and Ron left anyway.“So where did you learn to do that?” Harry asked.“What?” Ron said, but he’d never been a great liar and his nervous glance at Harry told him everything he needed to know.“Come on, you were way too interested in that,” Harry said. “What was it?”“New edition of Flying with the Cannons,” Ron admitted finally.“Nice,” Harry said. They walked in silence for a moment, Harry not sure whether he should say anything. “What’d you think Hermione’d say if she knew?”Ron glanced over. “We both know exactly what she’d say,” he replied.“She does have a point,” Harry said. “I mean, even if we’re not aiming for Outstanding grades, this looks like it’s going to be a hard year.”“Even with only four subjects,” Ron agreed.“Yeah,” Harry said.“What are you taking?” Ron asked.Harry shrugged. “Same as sixth year,” he said. “Transfiguration, Charms, Potions, Defence Against the Dark Arts, Herbology.”Ron nodded, kicking at a stone. “D’you think you’ll apply to be an Auror next year?”“An Auror?” Harry repeated. “Maybe.”Although it had seemed interesting, his enthusiasm had waned after their year chasing Horcruxes. The excitement he’d thought would be around was more about fearing for his life, and somehow he wasn’t sure he wanted to do that forever.Nothing else seemed like it was that interesting, though.“What, then?” Ron asked.“No idea,” Harry admitted. “Something where I don’t get told I’m the Boy Bloody Wonder all day, that’d be nice.”“Come and work with me,” Ron said, grinning. “I’ll set you right.”“Yeah,” Harry grinned at him. It seemed to be the right time to ask, “So, what does your Mum want you to do, then?”“Ginny and George said I could come and work at the joke shop with them,” Ron said as they entered the Entrance Hall.“And you don’t want to?” Harry asked.Ron shrugged. “There are rumours the owners of Zonko’s are considering selling, so they might want someone to run the Hogsmeade shop.”“That sounds alright,” Harry said tentatively. “Doesn’t it?”“Maybe,” Ron said. “At least they don’t care if I have any N.E.W.T.s or not.”“Yeah,” Harry said. “Is it…is it weird that your Mum doesn’t care if you get any? I mean, she went off at the twins for not getting enough O.W.L.s…”Ron’s face changed as it always did when someone mentioned Fred, even in passing, and he reached up to tickle the pear without speaking.“Master Harry!” Kreacher exclaimed, hurrying up as Harry entered the kitchens. “What can we do for you today?”“Needed something to eat, if it’s not too much trouble,” Harry said, grinning sideways at Ron. As if it would ever be too much trouble. They watched as half a dozen house elves dashed about, putting together a huge picnic basket.“Does Mister Malfoy want some cream buns?” Kreacher asked. “Kreacher remembers he liked those.”“Yes please,” Harry said. A dozen cream buns were added, and he and Ron Charmed the basket to follow them back into the corridor.“Thank you!” Harry and Ron called before the painting closed behind them.“Mate, that is the best thing we discovered about this school,” Ron said through a currant bun.“It’s pretty good,” Harry agreed. “Draco and I’ve been up to the Room of Requirement.”“It’s still there?” Ron asked in amazement.“Good as new,” Harry confirmed.Ron nodded thoughtfully. He glanced at Harry, then said, “Mum’s been different. Like, really different. It’s weird.”Harry nodded.“Dad reckons she’s just worried about us,” Ron continued, “but I dunno.”“Do you think she’s worried you’re not safe here?” Harry asked.“Dunno,” Ron said. “We did have quite an eventful first few years here.”“We did,” Harry agreed, “but all that’s over now. Clean slate and all that.”“Yeah,” Ron said, glancing at his friend. Harry had the distinct impression he was referring to more than just the lack of evil in the school, and he was grateful. “But I’m pretty sure she didn’t want me to come back.”Harry nodded. “Do you think she thought you weren’t going back because you wanted to?”“You mean because I have no idea what to do with the rest of my life?” Ron asked with an outline of sarcasm.“No,” Harry replied. “Because Hermione’s pressuring you.”Ron stopped, the last bite of currant bun halfway to his mouth. “What?” he said.Harry sighed. “Do you remember us having this conversation?”Ron nodded, his eyes flicking to Harry. “I may not have been listening all that hard,” he admitted. “Sorry.”Harry gritted his teeth, then said, “Hermione would kill me for telling you this,” he said, “but Molly’s been making it clear she thinks that Hermione is pressuring you into staying. She thinks you’ll resent her, and fail if you’re not motivated, and that Molly won’t like her if you’re unhappy.”“And she said this to Hermione?” Ron sputtered.“Yeah,” Harry admitted.Ron looked outraged, his face as red as only a ginger could manage.“Ron,” Harry said, stopping. The basket hovered in the air nearby. He wasn’t sure how to say this but he hoped it came out right. “If you talk to Hermione, she’ll be upset, right?” Ron nodded, his lips pressed together in anger. “And if you talk to your Mum, she’ll be upset, and she’ll probably not believe you. She wants to believe Hermione’s influencing you.” Harry hesitated, the idea just coming to him as he spoke. “She needs to be angry at someone.” He looked at his friend, wondering if he would make the connection.“Yeah,” Ron said finally. “I understand that.”“So,” Harry said, not sure how this suggestion would go down, “maybe the best thing to do is prove your Mum wrong.”“Prove her wrong?” Ron repeated.Harry nodded. “Pass your N.E.W.T.s,” he said simply. “Hermione will happily run your life this year to make sure you pass, and we both know things will be a whole lot smoother if you go along with it.” He shrugged. “You might as well. It'll make her happy.”“Yeah,” Ron said slowly.“And when you talk to your mum, make sure you tell her how great it is to be here.” Ron looked sceptical. “Tell her how good it is to make good memories here, to see Hagrid, to fly, whatever.”“Yeah, she won’t believe me if I tell her I’m loving schoolwork,” Ron muttered.“Exactly,” Harry said. “But if you’re going to be here, you might as well do it, right?”“Yeah,” Ron said. They continued walking, Ron contemplating their conversation in silence. Harry wondered if he’d tell Hermione about it – probably not tonight, but at some point. He wondered if she’d be happy or angry about it.“Food’s here!” Harry declared as they walked into the common room. Draco and Hermione had their heads bent over the Ancient Runes text, but they looked up as Harry and Ron entered, the basket settling itself on the table.“Brilliant,” Ron sighed, as they abandoned their books in favour of morning tea. The conversation was stilted around their food, but at least it was happening. Harry thought he could see Ron thinking, his eyes contemplative when they fell on Hermione.Eventually they’d all eaten their fill – and discovered that Felix was rather fond of poppyseeds – and Ron sighed. “Might as well get back to it,” he said. Harry could see Hermione’s expression turn surprised as Ron went into the bedroom to find his copy of The Standard Book of Spells, Grade 7.“I thought he left his book…” she started, but trailed off when she saw Harry’s expression. Don’t question it, he said silently.He picked up his own copy of The Standard Book of Spells, Grade 7 and in a few minutes was wrestling with the concept of a Protean Charm.Lunch came and went, and by mid-afternoon Harry was getting restless. The short walk up to the castle and back wasn’t enough, and he was relieved to see the sky was clear, even if the ground was soggy.“Might head down to Hogsmeade,” he murmured to Draco. “Raid Honeydukes in preparation.”“Sure,” Draco replied. “Want some company?”“Yes,” Harry grinned. “Thought I’d fly, actually.”“Great idea,” Draco replied. They stowed their books and grabbed gloves and scarves and brooms. Harry pulled some gold and tucked it into his pocket. He really would need to remember to actually buy the things he needed, he thought, distracted by the curve of Draco’s arse as he ducked under his bed to pick up his broom.“You ready?” Draco asked, and the knowing expression on his face told Harry he’d been caught out. With a wave of his hand, Harry shut the dormitory door, striding over to Draco and kissing him hard. He let his hands roam, fast and firm across Draco’s back and arse, grinding himself into Draco’s body without mercy.“Ready,” Harry said, pulling away with a grin.“Salazar,” Draco gasped, blinking for a second. “Oh I’ll get you for that.”“Have to catch me first,” Harry grinned, and strode out of the room with his broom.“See you guys later,” he said to Ron and Hermione, who had the definite guilty look of two people who’d jumped apart when the door was thrown open. “Much later,” he added with a grin. “We’ll be plenty noisy.”Without looking back he jumped on his broom as soon as he was outside, knowing Draco would be right behind him. Harry pushed his broom hard, icy fingers of air stabbing into his face as he raced down to the lake.“Potter!” he heard behind him, and grinned. Draco was playing, then.









Chapter 23: Wealth
    




Chapter Text
They flew together without a plan, ducking and weaving hard until they landed together at the clearing. Harry could see Draco’s actions mirroring his own, the two of them discarding their brooms and barrelling towards each other, meeting in the middle in a fierce embrace. Harry was already breathing hard, but the feel of Draco under his hands, the desperation of Draco’s hands on his own body ramped his heart rate up even further.He didn’t know who started scrabbling to remove clothes first, but it wasn’t long until they were stumbling under the relative shelter of one of the trees, falling together into the bed of pine needles on the ground. It was prickly at first, but Draco gasped a word and there was something soft beneath them. Harry didn’t really care what it was; Draco was kissing down his chest, clearly intent on one thing.And who the hell would say no to that? Harry groaned as Draco’s mouth surrounded him, warm and hot. He threaded his fingers into blond hair, his own head dropping back at the sensations radiating out from his cock.“Merlin,” Harry barely managed as his arousal spiralled up, completely out of control until he exploded in Draco’s mouth, stuttering for a second before he could make meaningful sounds again. A few seconds later his tensed muscles relaxed and he slumped back, gasping for air.Draco was kissing up his torso, humming with satisfaction.“Sorry,” Harry said when Draco was finally facing him again. “I didn’t really have time to warn you there.”“It’s been a while,” Draco agreed, smirking. “Not that I’m complaining.”“Still,” Harry started, but Draco kissed him.“It’s fine,” Draco said when he broke the kiss, and Harry belatedly realised there was an erection pressing into his hip, rocking gently as Draco spoke to him.“I’d say more than fine,” Harry said, grinning, marshalling his energy. He rolled Draco over, pressing him down with a hard kiss. “In fact, I’d like to return the favour.”Draco groaned and nodded, Harry’s mouth pressing hot kisses down his neck. “Salazar, yes.”Harry paused, head coming up to look into Draco’s eyes. “And I reckon I can get you there faster.”Draco’s eyebrows rose, and Harry would bet he was going to give some kind of smart arse response. Well, he would have, if Harry hadn’t lowered his head right then, tugging at Draco’s trousers and unceremoniously dropping his mouth over the end of the cock he found there. He didn’t wait, or try for anything with a particular flourish; this was going to be frantic and hard. He fully intended to get Draco to come as fast as possible, and he lost no time exploiting every little thing he knew about what Draco liked.Nobody had been timing it, of course, but Harry thought it was a pretty close thing, hands running up Draco’s chest as he bucked, swallowing with satisfaction at the groans being wrenched from Draco as he filled Harry’s throat.“Merlin, Harry,” Draco gasped when he finally sagged. “Get up here.”They kissed once Harry had crawled up to collapse next to Draco, his arm slung low over Draco’s stomach. “So how much d’you reckon I won by?”Draco snorted.Harry grinned, too tired to say anything. He dragged some clothes over them, mindful that they were technically visible, if anyone flew over the clearing. Not that they’d ever seen anyone, but still. For a while, they dozed together in the shade of the tree. Harry was entirely content; the stress of earlier was gone, and he just enjoyed lying with Draco, not needing to say anything or rouse himself until the breeze changed direction, blowing colder until he was shivering.“At least we don’t have to worry about Ron barging in here,” Draco said as they sat up.Harry rolled his eyes as he searched for his clothes. “Yeah, there’s an idea I need in my brain,” he said. “Thanks for that.”Draco grinned. “It’s more isolated, is all I mean,” he said. “You’re the one that turned down McGonagall when she offered us a private room.”“Yeah, well if I’d taken her up on that, Ron and Hermione probably wouldn’t be talking to either of us,” Harry pointed out. “The fact that we’ll all have to share the dorms was probably a big motivator, for Hermione at least. And the conversations I had at the start wouldn’t have happ-”Harry was cut off when Draco kissed him. He made a disgruntled noise, but his irritation didn’t last long and he relaxed into the kiss instead. They lost several moments until a gust of wind made Draco shiver and break the kiss.“I was just teasing,” Draco said, pulling his jumper over his head. “You made the right call. It’s definitely better with us all in together.”Harry nodded. “It’s going better than I thought,” he admitted.“I’m still not sure I believe it,” Draco said, and although he attempted to smile Harry could hear the truth in his words.“Believe it,” Harry said, pulling Draco into a hug again. “I know it’s still not perfect. It’ll take some time.”“How are things with you and Ron?” Draco asked.“I think the drinks yesterday helped,” Harry said. He winced. “Although Neville’s potion leaves a bit to be desired.”“If McGonagall finds out about that,” Draco started, and it was Harry’s turn to silence him with a kiss.He could feel Draco grinning into it so he threaded one hand through Draco’s hair, tugging to distract him.“Why Harry,” Draco said, gasping, “this is new.”Harry rolled his eyes, and suddenly they were both laughing. His face was pressed into Draco’s neck, and he could feel hot breath sneaking down his collar too. It was comforting, Harry thought, and still sent a thrill through him. They stood for a while together as the wind whipped around them until it grew too cold.“We should probably head back to school,” Draco said.“I still want to go to Honeydukes,” Harry reminded him. “I brought my Mokeskin on purpose.”“Planning a big haul, then,” Draco asked, Summoning their brooms.Harry glanced at him. “You’ve seen what Hermione’s like already,” he said. “I don’t like my chances of getting down to Hogsmeade without at least a disapproving look in the first few weeks of term.”“Yeah,” Draco said. They kicked off, flying slowly down to the town side by side. “I get the impression she’s only going to get more intense.”“Yep,” Harry agreed. “And with her in every one of our classes, there’s no escaping her.”Draco grinned but didn’t respond until they’d landed in Hogsmeade. “Do you think she really cares if we pass?”Harry glanced at him before picking up a bag of Every Flavour Beans. He thought Draco might have meant ‘if I pass’, but didn’t want to ask.“I think she cares if everyone passes,” he said carefully. “But particularly us. Me, Ron and you.”Draco nodded, his eyes on a display of chocolate bars. “All of us?” he asked eventually.“All of us,” Harry said firmly. He picked up four of the biggest chocolate bars they had and handed one to Draco. “You’d better chose what you want, I think they’re closing soon and there’s only so many cream buns you can eat. You might want some variation.”Draco took the chocolate bar, but his face showed mixed emotions as he stared at it. “Harry,” he began, but stopped.“Look,” Harry said, wishing this was not the place they would end up having this conversation. “Let’s buy our stuff and talk outside, okay?”Draco nodded. Harry took the chocolate bar and paid for what he’d picked up – quite a decent collection, in the end – and tucked it into his Mokeskin pouch before they both left the shop. The witch locked the door behind them, and they made their way back to their brooms.“Let’s walk a bit, okay?” Harry said. It would be easier to have this conversation without flying at the same time.“Okay,” Draco said.Harry thought for a bit, trying to figure out how to say what he wanted to say. In the end, he threaded his fingers through Draco’s and started with, “I know what it’s like to have no money. And then when I started at Hogwarts…my parents left me a bunch of gold, but none of that mattered to the people who were actually my friends.” He grinned at the memory. “Ron’s Mum had to show me how to get onto the platform at King’s Cross, I didn’t know anything. She was kind, and then Ron and I started talking…actually I bought a pile of stuff from the tea-lady, I’d never seen most of the stuff they had.”“Really?” Draco asked.“My first chocolate frog jumped out the window,” Harry admitted. “Muggle chocolate frogs don’t jump.”“That’s weird,” Draco murmured.“And the Every Flavour Beans,” Harry shuddered. “Muggle ones do not include dirt, or toenails. Urgh.”Draco was shaking his head, but Harry couldn’t see his face. He needs another haircut. “So you bribed Ron with sweets, then.”“No,” Harry said indignantly, squeezing Draco’s hand. He sighed. He was pretty sure what he was saying didn’t really make sense. “Look, the point I’m trying to make – and I’m doing a rubbish job of it, I know – the point is, I want to share what I have. And I don’t care if we both have the same amount of money, I’ll still be buying you a block of chocolate sometimes, or a broom if you don’t have one, or whatever. That’s not about having money, that’s about caring for someone.”Draco nodded, eyes still on the ground. “I’ve never thought of money like that,” he said. “We’ve always just…had it. Enough to buy whatever I wanted.” He shrugged. “It’s weird not to have any.”“Well, we,” Harry emphasised the pronoun, “have enough. If you need anything, just tell me. Or I can just put a bunch in your vault, if you want.”Draco snorted at that, and Harry stopped. “What?” he said. Was that the wrong thing to do? He’d thought maybe Draco wouldn’t want to have to ask, that it might be easier if he could just access money when he needed it. Then they wouldn’t have to talk about it.“What?” Harry asked again, when Draco hadn’t replied.“I don’t have a vault,” Draco admitted. He finally looked up at Harry, and his eyes were red, the shame clear to see. “They took everything, Harry. Every single knut. There was no point keeping it open.”“Oh,” Harry whispered. He hadn’t even thought…wordlessly, he pulled Draco into a hug. “I’m sorry, I didn’t know. I didn’t think.”He could feel Draco shaking, and tightened his hold, discarding his broom to wrap both arms around him. They stood for a long time, wrapped together until Draco took a deep breath and eased away from Harry.“Sorry,” Draco muttered.“Don’t be,” Harry said. “I didn’t mean to upset you. I just…don’t want you to have to think about money. Worry about it, or ask for it and feel bad.” He hesitated, then caught Draco’s eye. “Look, I’m going to send for some Galleons, and I’ll show you where I keep them. Consider them ours, okay? Seriously. For Potions supplies or chocolate, or anything.”“Okay,” Draco said finally. “Thanks, Harry.”“No problem,” Harry replied. They turned to keep walking, hands still firmly joined between them.“So can I use it to bet against Gryffindor in Quidditch?” Draco said.Harry laughed, as much with surprise as relief. If Draco was making a joke, he must be feeling better.“Absolutely not,” he said, squeezing Draco’s hand. “House pride is house pride, after all.”They smiled at each other. What an afternoon, Harry thought to himself. It would be good to get back to the common room for a quiet evening.









Chapter 24: Intersection
    




Chapter Text
“Is that…I think that’s someone from our year,” Draco said suddenly, stopping.Harry peered across the lawn, his heart suddenly thumping as he saw the figures. Draco was right – the three were heading for the eighth-year building, Charmed trunks bobbing behind.“You’re right,” Harry said. So much for their quiet evening. “Well, we knew they were coming. And it might be easier with a few people now and the rest at the Start-of-Term Feast.”Draco nodded, swallowing hard, eyes locked on the figures walking down the hill. His fingers were tight on Harry’s and for a second, Harry wondered if he would bolt.“Do you want me to go in first?” Harry asked. They watched the newest eighth-years enter their building and Harry wondered if Ron and Hermione were in there too.“No,” Draco said. He hesitated, then turned to Harry. “But,” he looked down, curling his fingers, “maybe it might be easier if we don’t…” he swallowed, looking up into Harry’s eyes, pleading with him, “if we’re not so…”“If we don’t make it obvious we’re together,” Harry finished for him.“Yes,” Draco whispered, stricken. “I’m sorry, I know that’s an awful thing to do-”“No,” Harry said. “It’s not. I want to try and make this as easy for you as I can.” He smiled. “Can’t promise I won’t notice your arse though, if you’re going to insist on bending over in tight pants like you did earlier.”Draco grinned and they met in a soft kiss.“Okay,” Harry said. “Let’s get this first bit over, shall we?”“Okay,” Draco whispered. He took a last squeeze of Harry’s hand before they dropped them and started walking down to the common room.“Just take my lead, okay?” Harry said.“Okay,” Draco repeated, and Harry could see how tense he was. It was mirrored in him, actually. This would be the first test of other people, those whose reactions Harry couldn’t predict. His heart thumped hard as he wished briefly there had been a chance to talk to these new students, to see how they would react to Draco’s presence. It was no good, though; he and Draco were at the door now, and there was nothing else for it but to go inside.Harry glanced at Draco, took a deep breath and pushed the door open. Susan Bones, Justin Finch-Fletchley and Ernie Macmillan were standing in the common room, talking to each other in low voices. There were no trunks visible; Harry assumed they’d already flown them in the dormitories.He walked in, Draco following. The gap between them felt a million miles wide.“So, I think we should ask Hagrid,” Harry said to Draco, as though continuing a conversation. “I mean, I know he likes Bowtruckle eggs, and he ate those poppyseeds, but I have no idea if that’s enough, or what he should be eating. And I don’t want to have to keep finding Bowtruckles all term, you know?”Draco nodded, apparently unable to speak, his eyes flicking around from Harry to each of the new arrivals and back.“Oh, hi,” Harry said casually, when he’d finished what he was saying to Draco. “When did you all arrive?”All three were standing with frozen expressions, eyes locked on Draco. Susan was pale, Justin looked grim and Ernie as shocked as Harry had ever seen him.“Hi Harry,” Susan said finally. “We Apparated to Hogsmeade this morning. Wanted to avoid the train, actually.”“Wanted to avoid my mother,” Ernie corrected her, though his eyes were still on Draco. “Hi, Harry.”Harry noticed nobody had spoken to Draco, which wasn’t a surprise.“I’m going to turn in,” Draco said quietly, and Harry nodded. Nobody moved until Draco closed the dormitory door behind him, and then Justin stalked forward, stopping just short of mowing Harry down.“What in Merlin’s name is going on?” he whispered furiously. “McGonagall told us he was here, but you’re talking to him?”“I am,” Harry said calmly. “Did McGonagall say anything else?”Justin’s jaw worked, but he didn’t speak. Instead, Ernie said, “She reminded us about the letter. That everyone’s welcome.”Harry nodded. “Well, he and I have been here for weeks,” he said. “And I’ve gotten to know him.”“You’ve gotten to know him?” Justin repeated incredulously.“Yes,” Harry said with the same external calm. His heart was racing though, and he was as nervous as he’d been in a long time. His fingernails pressed into his palms as he spoke again. “And whatever you thought about him, he’s not the same per-”“I don’t care!” Justin whispered, his voice filled with rage. “He can’t stay here!”“Yes, he can,” Harry said, meeting Justin’s eyes. “And he will. You don’t have to like him, you don’t even have to talk to him.” Harry held Justin’s eyes for another second before adding levelly, “But if you hassle Draco,” he saw all three faces start with the given name instead of surname, “for even one minute, you will answer to me. And then to McGonagall, and from what I can see, she’s not looking to be very forgiving about that kind of thing this year.” Another pause. “Neither am I.”Justin snorted, but Harry could see he was paying attention.Ernie stepped forward, and Susan with him. “I’m here to get my N.E.W.T.s,” he said to Harry. “And I’ll be honest – I’m not too happy about…this. But if he leaves me alone, I’m not going looking for trouble. I’m here to study.” He looked at Harry, his own expression bleak. “But if he makes trouble, Harry, I will protect myself.”“Of course,” Harry replied. “Thank you.”“For what?” Ernie said, obviously surprised at the response.“For not making trouble,” Harry replied. It was his best case scenario, really; that the other eighth-years wouldn’t make trouble. At least then he and Draco would have this space without having to watch their back. It was just the rest of the school they might have to worry about.Ernie nodded and made his way into the boys’ dormitory. Susan gave Harry a glance, hesitating before she scurried into the girls’ dormitory.Harry turned back to Justin, who was still fuming. “Looks like Ernie might have a good plan,” he said. “Study, ignore Draco. Don’t make trouble.” He raised one eyebrow. “Protect yourself if you need to.”He could see Justin considering it, and his heart was thumping out of his chest until Justin finally gave a single curt nod. He crashed into the dormitory, leaving Harry standing in the common room, breathing hard.“Merlin,” Ron’s voice came from the corner, and Harry started. He watched as the Invisibility Cloak dropped off Ron and Hermione. Ron looked astounded, Hermione guilty as she folded the Cloak.“How long have you been there?” Harry asked.“Long enough to hear that conversation,” Ron said. “And before you came in, actually.”“Right,” Harry said. “We thought it might be a good idea to hear what they had to say,” Hermione said, her face unapologetic. “In case there was anything…being planned.”“Right,” Harry said. “Thanks.”“They weren’t took happy about Draco,” Ron said, his voice apologetic.“Actually, it was mainly Justin,” Hermione corrected him. “I think Susan was more frightened, and Ernie was worried it would interfere with his studies.”Harry nodded, thinking. That made sense. Ernie was always focussed on schoolwork, and Susan didn’t really know Draco at all. He didn’t know her especially well; though she’d been in Dumbledore’s Army, his attention had been quite scattered that year.“Well, hopefully they hold off long enough to see him for who he is now,” Harry mused.Hermione glanced at Ron, and Harry could see she was preparing to say something he might not like. “Harry,” she said carefully, “even if they notice that Draco’s changed, even if they’re okay with that…they might not forgive him. You know that, right?”“Yeah,” Harry replied. “I know.” He shrugged. “But I can try, right?”“Yes,” Hermione told him.There was a moment of silence that reminded Harry of the times they’d stood in some lonely spot in the middle of nowhere, agreeing to try some impossible task in the struggle against Voldemort. Not the best of memories, Harry thought to himself. With a sigh, they all headed for their dormitories. The beds occupied by Justin and Ernie were immediately obvious; they were the furthest from that with Draco lying on it, and both had been Transfigured into four poster beds with the curtains firmly shut.“Who’s the other bed for?” Ron asked quietly.“Terry Boot,” Harry said.Ron nodded. With a shrug, he waved his wand, swapping his bed with that closest to Draco’s.“Don’t know where he’ll be at,” Ron muttered self-consciously. He turned to the bathroom without looking at Harry, but the pink of his ears told Harry he was well aware his motivation would be clear.Harry watched his friend go, emotion welling in him. Ron had moved to help Draco. Whether it was to help Harry or not, Harry knew he appreciated it. If Ron was going to signal his support of them – or even just of Harry – he could live with that.Glancing back at the closed curtains of Ernie and Justin’s beds, Harry eased over close to Draco. He wasn’t really asleep; he had rolled over to face away from the others, and Harry could see the resignation on his face even as he lay still and silent. Without speaking Harry reached out, his body blocking the view from most of the room as his hand rested on Draco’s shoulder. He didn’t speak, but it felt wrong to just go to bed without doing something. He wanted to show Draco his support.Just as Harry made to turn away, Draco’s hand sneaked over his, pressing hard for a moment before drawing back. Harry stepped back, wanting desperately to climb into bed and wrap himself around Draco, holding him tight. It was impossible, and as he emptied his Mokeskin of the Honeydukes supplies, Harry sighed again. He knew this would be difficult, but the conversation tonight didn’t bode well, and he lay down to sleep with a rock of worry heavy in his stomach.+++The next morning when Harry awoke, the rest of the dormitory was empty apart from Draco, snoring lightly in his bed. He wondered Draco had slept poorly; perhaps that was why he was still out to it. With a groan, Harry rolled over, reaching for his glasses. His fingers found a piece of parchment instead, and he picked it up. We’ve all gone to see Hagrid, Ron’s messy handwriting told Harry. See you at lunch. Harry’s heart eased. From the sound of it, everyone had gone; he got up and checked the beds and bathroom, just in case, then Charmed the door locked. Without a pause he climbed into Draco’s bed, pulling him close as he’d wanted to the previous evening. He was warm and smelled good; Harry drank it in, not knowing when he’d get the chance again.“It’s just me,” Harry murmured, when Draco stirred. “Everyone else is gone and the door’s locked.”Draco relaxed and hummed, pressing back to Harry. “Good morning,” he said, voice deeper as it always was in the mornings. He rolled over, leaning in for a long kiss that lingered.“Good morning,” Harry replied finally, smiling lazily. “How did you sleep?”“Badly,” Draco replied, opening his eyes. “I have to tell you, I eavesdropped on your conversation in the common room last night.” He looked guilty. “I’m sorry, I couldn’t sit here not knowing.”“That makes it easier,” Harry replied. “At least I don’t have to tell you what happened.”“So I guess everyone’s avoiding me today?” Draco asked, rearranging himself so he and Harry could see each other more easily.“Not exactly,” Harry said. He Charmed the parchment over, delivering it into Draco’s hands.“Hagrid?” Draco asked.“I’d say Hermione’s behind it,” Harry said. “As she usually is.”“Right,” Draco said, though he frowned. “Behind what?”“I’m guessing she and Ron want to get a second opinion about you for the others,” Harry said baldly. He winced. “Sorry.”“No,” Draco said. “That’s fine.” He frowned. “Do you think Hagrid will…what do you think he’ll say?”“Seriously?” Harry asked. When Draco nodded, he considered. “That you’re different. That they should give you a chance, you know what he was like. Even with vicious Hippogriffs.”Draco rolled his eyes and nudged him hard.“Yeah, he always was a soft touch,” Draco murmured. He sighed. “I heard what Ron told you last night. They might just ignore me all year. Or worse. Just because they know I’m different doesn’t mean they’ll care.”Harry looked at him, considering what he should say. “We have had six very stressful years here,” he said. “I mean, there were good times, but we can’t say there’s been a quiet year so far. I know sometimes I just wanted everyone to leave me alone.” He shrugged. “Even if every other student in the school ignores you, I’d call that a win, sometimes.”“Yeah,” Draco said, though he was not at all convincing. Harry knew his argument wasn’t exactly watertight; the times when everyone ignored him had been desperately lonely.“You’ll have me,” Harry said, winding their hands together. “And don’t think Hermione’s going to abandon you now.” He grinned. “I’d bet you’re part of her schedule somehow. And Ron…” Harry hesitated, not sure how to put it into words.“He’ll put up with me because he’s your friend,” Draco said.“I think he’s gone a bit past that,” Harry said. “He moved his stuff, his bed is up here now.” He pointed. “It’ll take a long time before he’d admit it, but I think it’s more than tolerating.”“Right,” Draco said. He sighed. “Well, considering I’d been wondering how I would defend myself when everyone in the school hated me, that’s not too bad.”Harry grinned and kissed him. “Want to go up to the Room and practice defensive spells?” he said. “We could stop for breakfast first.”“Yes please,” Draco replied, leaning into the kiss. “I’m starving.” The single kiss turned into quite a bit more, and they only caught the end of breakfast. The hours they spent in the Room settled Draco, and he was far more relaxed when they reappeared for lunch.“That was great,” Draco said. “Thanks, Harry.”“No problem,” Harry said.“I think my Patronus is getting better,” Draco said. “It was easier to tell what it was today.”“Yes,” Harry agreed.“Must be more good memories,” Draco replied with a grin.Harry returned his smile. “What should we do after lunch?” Harry asked him as they made their way down to the Great Hall.Draco was still considering his answer when they turned through the door and he stopped dead. The entire eighth-year group was seated together at the close end of one of the tables. They were talking amongst themselves, and Harry could feel the uncertainty rolling off Draco.“Hi,” Hermione called, waving them over and pushing people along her side of the bench to make room. The conversation died down as they appeared, Justin and Ernie looking apprehensive.Harry and Draco sat down, tight smiles around to the group. Nobody spoke, and he could feel Justin, Ernie and Susan sneaking glances at he and Draco.“What?” Harry said finally. He looked around, catching the glance between Ron and Hermione when nobody answered.“Merlin, what happened at Hagrid’s?”Susan, her face flushing hard, leaned forward and asked awkwardly, “Hagrid said…I don’t think he meant to, but he made it sound like you and Draco were…seeing each other?”Harry blinked at her. “Right,” he said slowly, unsure how to proceed. It was unsurprising that Hagrid would say something; he couldn’t keep a secret to save himself. He could feel everyone’s eyes on him, and wished he had a moment to talk to Draco and see if he wanted to confirm or deny it.“So?” Susan asked.Harry glanced at Draco, wondering what to say.“Yes,” Draco answered for them. “Hagrid is correct.”Harry breathed out. There was no going back now, and he caught several surprised expressions as everyone wrapped their heads around the new information. It was mainly confusion, but Justin still looked angry and, Harry was disappointed to see, a little repulsed.“We thought it might be enough just having Draco here,” Harry said into the void. “To start with.”Nobody answered him – not that it was a question – and Harry mentally shrugged. It was out now, and he was hungry, so he reached for the turkey legs in front of him.“Anyone brave enough to eat Hagrid’s rock cakes?” Harry asked conversationally, passing the turkey to Draco.Susan winced. “He really takes the name literally, doesn’t he?”“Yeah,” Harry replied, grateful someone was taking his lead onto safer subjects. “Haven’t had the heart to tell him.”“I put mine in my pocket,” Susan admitted.“Dip them in tea,” Harry advised. “It’s the only way to get around it.”“I fed mine to the dog,” Ernie offered. “I don’t think he liked them either.”Harry grinned. “He probably just slobbers on them until they’re soft enough to eat.”“Gross,” Ron muttered.Hermione smacked him on the arm. “Harry! We’re trying to eat!”Harry grinned at her, and the conversation drifted away onto other food related stories. He felt Draco gradually relax beside him and he risked a glance and a smile. Draco looked tense, but he managed half a smile at Harry.The meal continued, Justin speaking only when spoken to, but the rest of the conversation rolled around both of them. Susan and Ernie were easy enough to talk to, and the topics stayed light and well away from the events of the past year. Only Ron and Hermione directly addressed Draco, but overall it wasn’t terrible.Harry’s concentration was split between eating, the conversation, and Draco. He was eating mainly on autopilot, and the conversation flowed around him; most of his awareness was on Draco. He hoped Draco could feel his support. Harry didn’t want to draw too much attention to Draco. It was amazing enough that he was sitting here with a conversation happening, people ignoring them. Harry didn’t want to jinx anything.When their plates were empty, the group sat, conversation petering out as they all sat glancing at each other, wondering what would happen next.“Well, we’d better get back to it,” Hermione said.“Back to what?” Susan asked.Ron rolled his eyes. “We’re reading our textbooks before classes start.”Ernie nodded approvingly, while Susan and Justin winced. “Already?” Susan asked.“Yes,” Hermione said briskly. “The rest of the school arrives tomorrow, after all.”“It’s going to be an intensive year,” Ernie said seriously. “And we only have one opportunity.”“Yeah,” Ron said with resignation.“At least we have our own common room,” Justin said. “So we don’t have to worry about the little kids getting in the way of our fun.”“No,” Hermione said, looking severe. “That common room will be a study zone.”“All the time?” Justin said in disbelief.“All. The. Time.” Hermione said sternly, and Harry suppressed a grin. It looked like she was setting herself up as the leader of their year, and from the look on Ernie and Susan’s face, they weren’t going to argue. Justin glanced around, but seemed to realise that nobody was going to dispute it.“Fine,” he muttered.“You can always go up to the Hufflepuff common room,” Hermione told him.“You can Floo right up there,” Harry said.“Really?” Justin said, brightening considerably.Harry glanced at Draco, and they shared a grin. He was thinking about his first time using the Floo, and from the look on Draco’s face, he was too.Impulsively, he pressed his leg against Draco’s under the table. “Don’t,” he said, deliberately loudly, and Draco looked at him in confusion. Harry winked, and hoped Draco would understand. The rest of the table glanced over and Harry raised his eyebrows, encouraging Draco.He sighed dramatically. “Fine,” Harry said, continuing to prompt him. He turned to everyone, speaking as though reluctant to share the information. “Draco wants to tell everyone something we learned about the Floo,” Harry said.Understanding came into Draco’s eyes, and a flash of emotion ran across face. Harry glanced around, relieved to see that curiosity seemed to be overriding their reluctance to listen to Draco.“Well, Harry learned the hard way,” Draco said, glancing at him. Harry rolled his eyes, but pressed his leg against Draco again, encouraging him. “If you Floo up to the castle,” Draco said, “make sure you take extra Floo Powder with you, or you’ll have to walk back.”Harry rolled his eyes. “Yeah, I got a whole lot of sympathy,” he grumbled, playing it up. “It’s a long way down from Gryffindor Tower.”He could see everybody grinning.“Good to know,” Ernie said, his tone serious.“Yeah, thanks for working that out, mate,” Ron said, grinning.“So we’re the only ones that can Floo?” Justin said.“Yeah,” Harry said. “Didn’t McGonagall tell you?”“Probably,” Justin said. He glanced at the others. “I might not have been listening the whole time.”Ernie was shifting uncomfortably and Susan’s round face had turned pink. Harry had an idea why they had not been paying attention; it had to do with the man sitting beside him, and the shock of knowing he would be here this year.“Well, now you know,” Hermione said. “At least you won’t have to figure it out the hard way.”“Thanks Draco,” Ron said, grinning at him.“No problem,” Draco replied.“Well, Hermione does have a point,” Ernie said. “We should take every opportunity to succeed this year.”“Merlin,” Ron muttered across the table to Harry. “Hermione might have met her match here.”Harry grinned at him.“Come on,” Harry said to Ron and Draco. “Might as well get something done this afternoon.”The group walked together down to the common room, and after a few minutes of digging out books and supplies, they settled down to it.









Chapter 25: Acclimatisation
    




Chapter Text
An hour later, the common room was quiet, apart from the occasional turning of a page. Ernie and Hermione were conferring in low voices over their Potions textbook at the new table that had appeared in the corner when Ernie lamented the lack of space to spread out.“It’s like the Room of Requirement!” Susan gasped.“Yeah,” Harry said, “we think the whole place is like that.”“Brilliant,” Justin breathed, looking around. “I could do with something to eat,” he said, looking around hopefully.Harry grinned, turning to Ron. “Go on,” he said. “Tell him about Gamp’s Law of Elemental Transfiguration.”“Shove off,” Ron said. Despite the rude gesture he made at Harry, he did turn to Justin and say, “It can’t do food.”“Oh,” Justin said, looking disappointed.“I bet you can Floo right into the kitchens,” Draco mused. From the look on his face, he hadn’t meant to say that aloud.Those that had never visited the kitchens looked astonished.“Into the…kitchens?” Susan said.“Yes,” Draco replied, glancing at Harry. “The House Elves are quite accommodating.”“Let’s try it,” Harry said. “Why don’t you go?” he said to Draco.“Don’t forget to take spare Floo Powder,” Ron added.Draco grinned at him, taking a handful for his pocket. He muttered the spell to set flames roaring in the grate, then threw the second handful of powder into it, turning the flames green.“The kitchens,” he said clearly, stepping into the fireplace. With a flare of green, he was gone.The common room was silent in astonishment.“Can you really go into the kitchens?” Justin asked.“Yeah,” Harry said. “My house elf works there.”“Your house elf?” Ernie repeated.“Well I freed him, but he still thinks he’s mine,” Harry said. He frowned. “Well not really, but,” he shrugged. “I think he’s just happy to be here.”“Happy to be here?” Ernie replied faintly.“Yeah,” Harry said. He shrugged. “You know, where he doesn’t get left alone. Or abused.”Hermione was looking at him approvingly, Harry noticed. He shrugged at her. The story about Kreacher was complicated.Ernie was just opening his mouth when Draco appeared back in the fireplace, spinning fast, arms full of something. It became apparent as he stepped out that it was a basket of some kind.“Here you go,” he said nonchalantly. He put the basket down on the table. “I didn’t know what you wanted so they gave me a bit of everything.”Ernie, Justin and Susan were staring at Draco and the basket. “Seriously?” Justin said, shocked into talking to Draco, it seemed.“Yes,” Draco said simply. “Help yourself.”Justin opened the basket, immediately taking a cream bun. “This is gonna be an excellent year,” he said through an enormous mouthful.“We’ll take you up and introduce you,” Ron said.“But,” Hermione jumped in, “you have to be nice to them.” She frowned severely.“I remember,” Susan said, swallowing her mouthful of what Harry thought was an apricot Danish. “You did that Elvish rights thing, didn’t you?”“S.P.E.W.,” Hermoine said, looking pleased. “Yes.”“They’ll give you whatever you want,” Ron was saying to Justin. He shrugged. “S’not hard to just ask nicely.”“If this is what you get, I will absolutely ask nicely,” Justin said, the cream bun gone, replaced by a custard tart. He glanced over, and Harry thought for a second he was going to thank Draco, but he didn’t. Instead, he said to Ron, “So, are you going to try out for Quidditch this year?”“No,” Ron said.“Oh, seriously?” Justin said. “What about you?” he directed his question to Harry.“No,” Harry said, “none of us are.”“Gotta study,” Ron said. He grinned. “Mum’ll kill me if I don’t get at least a couple of N.E.W.T.s.”“Ronald Weasley,” Hermione began, but she was cut off by Ron’s loud groan.“Looks like your Mum won’t be the only one,” Justin said, grinning.“Nah,” Ron said, though he didn’t sound too upset about it. “I’ll be able to fly sometimes, though.”“Yeah,” Justin said, sighing. “You brought your broom, then?”“A new Firebolt,” Ron said, unable to keep the grin from his face at Justin’s expression.“What was that, a coming of age present?” Justin said, unable to keep the envy from his voice.“Something like that,” Ron said.Justin groaned, and he and Ron fell into a conversation about the new Quidditch season.“Thank you,” Draco said later, as he and Harry walked hand in hand through the edge of the forest. It was far enough in to be private without risking getting in trouble; at least close to Hagrid’s hut they would be safe from anything too belligerent.“For what?” Harry said absently.“For letting me tell everyone about your first Floo,” Draco said. “And for letting me go down to the kitchens.”Harry shrugged. “Bribery,” he said. “Works every time.”Draco rolled his eyes, and Harry knew the joke had been accepted as such. He was glad they didn’t have to tiptoe around the subject of money anymore.“Well, thank you,” Draco said. “It’s been alright so far.” He looked down at where his hand and Harry’s were joined. “I mean, everyone’s not here yet, but at least…” he took a shaky breath. “Nobody’s too awful.”Harry turned without speaking, enfolding Draco in his arms. They stood for a long time, Harry letting his mind drift. He could see the light shifting as wind blew the tops of the trees, Draco warm in his arms, everything quiet around them. It was comforting for both of them, he thought. This wasn’t easy for him, but he had to remember that it was far more difficult for Draco. The least he could do was be there, offer him whatever he was able.“I guess we’d better head back,” Harry said finally. They’d only planned a short walk, the long study session making both restless before dinner.“I just want to see Hagrid first,” Draco said. He hesitated. “Maybe I’ll meet you up at the Great Hall?”“Okay,” Harry said. Draco obviously wanted to see Hagrid in private, and he wasn’t going to push that. They had precious few moments to themselves anyway.They parted ways, and Harry headed up towards the Great Hall. It was the last night before the Start-of-Term Feast, Harry thought. He stopped for a second in the doorway, looking around. The tables bore a scattering of students now; probably fifty or so in total had returned early, for a variety of reasons, he imagined. Probably not many that wanted to escape their mad Muggle aunt and uncle, he thought to himself. You never really know what someone’s home life is like. He could see plenty of animated conversations, and with most people in casual clothing, he wondered how many were sitting in mixed house groups. How would it work tomorrow? Would everyone go back to their own houses? After everything that had happened, would things go back to the way they were?“You right, Harry?” Ernie asked, coming up behind him.“Yeah,” Harry said, going in to sit with him beside Susan and Ron. “Just wondering how it will be tomorrow.” He waved one arm around. “Don’t know if you’ve noticed but people aren’t sitting in house groups.”“Yes,” Justin said. “My little sister is over there,” he pointed to the far table that had been Slytherin’s. “She’ll be fourth-year this year. I don’t recognise the people she’s sitting with.” He frowned. “Do you know what McGonagall’s going to do about that? Will there even be a Sorting Ceremony?”“There must be,” Ron said, looking shocked. “There’s always been Sorting at Hogwarts!”“Just because it’s always been that way doesn’t mean it should be that way,” Harry pointed out. “I don’t know what she’ll do,” he said. “She seems pretty keen on making things less…segregated.”“Like in our dorms?” Ernie asked.“Yeah,” Harry said.Ernie nodded, and they all fell silent, the excuse of the food allowing Harry to think about things for a bit. He was a little melancholy now, probably a combination of the last pre-school evening meal and the wondering about how McGonagall would change things.Hermione and Draco appeared a few moments later, along with Justin, who Harry had the distinct impression had been railroaded into walking up with them.“Good evening,” a voice said from behind Harry. They all turned to nod at the Headmistress. “Would you all please remain behind after your meal? I would like to speak to you before you retire for the evening.”“Yes, Professor,” Harry said, the others murmuring their assent.“What does she want?” Ron whispered.“No idea,” Harry asked.The conversation was quiet amongst them as they ate. It wasn’t long before most of the rest of the students cleared out, and to Harry’s surprise, McGonagall returned to sit at the end of the table nearest them. Harry looked at Hermione, who made an, ‘I don’t know either’ expression in response to his questioning face.“Thank you for remaining,” McGonagall greeted them. “I trust you’ve all had a chance to settle in?”Another murmur ran through them.“Did you have any questions?” she asked. “Yes, Mister Finch-Fletchley.”“Since we’re all of age,” he said, looking around, “and we’re so responsible and everything, what’s the deal with us doing magic outside of class?”Harry looked at her with interest. That was something he hadn’t considered.Professor McGonagall regarded him steadily over her glasses. Harry had the distinct impression she had not considered this question until now. “I think,” she said carefully, “we should begin as we expect to go on. Given that you are, in all respects, adult witches and wizards choosing to return to Hogwarts, I would like to presume you will make appropriate choices about your use of magic outside of class.”“So we can?” Justin asked.“You may use magic as you see fit,” she replied, “though I would expect you will not abuse this privilege.”“Of course not,” Justin replied with a wide grin.“If there are no other questions?” McGonagall asked. Nobody spoke, so she continued. “I’m pleased to see you’ve been able to look past the division of your Houses.” Draco shifted, and beside him Hermione shot over an encouraging glance. Justin looked unhappy again, Harry noticed. Oh well. At least he was still sitting here.“This year many House traditions will continue,” McGonagall said, “though there will be some changes. As much as House pride is important, I believe we need to ensure we are also working with those in other Houses and promoting cooperation and support across the old boundaries. This will be more difficult in some instances, and the school will be looking to you as examples.”Hermione and Ernie nodded.“One change will be here, in the Great Hall,” McGonagall continued. “The House tables will no longer be known as such. The first-year students will have a space reserved for their house groups as they settle into the school and get to know their classmates, but the rest of the school will be encouraged to sit wherever they please. Some celebratory meals will be separated by House, such as the All-Hallow’s-Eve Feast, and the End-of-term Feast, where the House and Quiddtich Cups will be announced – yes, House Quidditch will continue unassailed,” she reassured Ron and Justin, who sank back with relief. “Classes will also be more mixed, and students will be encouraged to socialise down here in evenings and on weekends,” she said. “Promotion of Inter-house relations will be a priority this year. As I said, we will be looking to you as examples.”“Are we going to be Prefects or something?” Justin asked. His tone made it clear exactly how distasteful he found that idea. Harry grinned to himself. He couldn’t see the Headmistress handing out a Prefect badge to Justin this year.“No, Mister Finch-Fletchley,” McGonagall told him. “I would not burden you with such responsibility.”He huffed at that, but continued to listen.“As the only eighth-year students, you are in a unique position,” McGonagall told them. “And while you are not obliged to socialise with younger students, we have asked you to join the school for the evening meals. That would be an excellent opportunity to model the Inter-house friendships you are already developing.”“What about the Prefects, then?” Hermione asked. She frowned. “I mean, we’ll be older than they are.”“Their responsibilities and rights will not be diminished,” the Headmistress replied, “though I do not foresee any disciplinary issues with your year. I’m sure you’ll all be studying hard in anticipation of your exams.”“Yes, Professor,” they all replied automatically.“Excellent,” she said, standing up. “Oh, and in case the thought had not occurred to you, please ensure you take enough Floo Powder for your return journey, should you chose to travel as such. The walk back will be tiresome, I am sure.”They held in their giggles until she’d left, but as soon as she swept around the corner, the whole group burst out laughing. Harry groaned, dropping his head to the table.“I’m never going to live that down, am I?” he said, looking around the group. Secretly he was happy to be the butt of such a joke if it brought them all together like this. They needed something that was theirs, and if this was to be it, so be it.“I don’t think you are,” Susan replied. “And we wouldn’t even have known if you hadn’t snitched,” she said to Draco. He looked at her apprehensively until she added, “Thanks for that.”“Anytime,” he replied.“So it sounds like we’ll need to keep our noses clean this year,” Justin said with a groan. “Nobody’s going out for Quidditch, we’re meant to be studying all the time…what’s the point?”“Down to Hogsmeade whenever we want, we can visit the pub, magic in the halls, our own common room, and the kitchens are only a Floo away!” Ron said immediately.“Yeah,” Justin said. “I guess.”“Better than working,” Ron said.“Come on, you’d be working in a joke shop,” Justin said.“What?” Ron said, blinking.“Well, I mean your sister’s there, isn’t she, and with-” he stopped abruptly, his face colouring, and the unsaid words hung in the air.Ron’s face had gone grey, his features as though carved from stone.“Merlin,” Justin swore to himself. “Sorry, Ron.”Draco wasn’t moving either, Harry saw, looking at the table as though he was being accused again.“It’s fine,” Ron said, the words as stiff as though he was forcing them out. “We all lost people.”Hermione nodded, taking his hand. “It’s hard for everybody,” she said, and Harry could hear the tears in her voice. “I think…we should all try and remember that. And when Padma and Daphne arrive, too.” She looked around, hesitating.  “Parvati’s not coming back.”Harry looked at her, not wanting to ask the question. He could feel the rest of the group equally as still, awaiting Hermione’s next words.“She’s alive,” she told Harry. “But McGonagall said she’s…chosen something else.”“Something else?” Harry asked.Hermione shrugged, and Harry nodded, swallowing. He looked around. “Well, I hope we can all work together this year,” he said. Everyone seemed to be looking at him, and Hermione gave him an encouraging little nod, so he continued, incredibly self-conscious at this impromptu speech he was suddenly giving.“It’s not going to be easy, especially with McGonagall putting this new thing on us, the Inter-house relations. But we can help each other, and I think we can all do well if we’re not distracted by other things.” He swallowed. “Everyone lost someone recently,” he said. “And everyone is different after what happened. So let’s just…try and get along. We don’t have to like all the people around us, but if we can show the younger kids you can work with someone from a different house or whatever,” he shrugged. “It’ll make things easier. For everyone. Even us.”“Easier said than done,” Justin said.“Yes,” Harry said evenly, looking at him, “it is.” He glanced around. “But we have no idea what anyone has gone through. Even before the war.” Another swallow, and he relaxed a bit, trying to make it all less formal. “I know someone whose parents were tortured into insanity. Someone whose Muggle relatives kept them living under the stairs like a house elf. Someone whose parents wouldn’t let him think for himself, even at school. Someone who made their parents forget they existed to keep them safe.”Harry was looking around without seeing, not wanting to focus on anyone’s face. “And you have no idea who those people are. And any one of you,” he nodded, careful to include everyone at the table, “could have it just as bad. Or worse. Especially with what happened since we were last here.”There was complete silence.“Dumbledore said it takes courage to stand up to your enemies, but even more to stand up to your friends,” Harry said. He saw Hermione glance over to the teacher’s table. “And this year might be the year we have to make that choice.” He shrugged, looking at Justin. “I’m not going to tell you what to do. Just…maybe to think about what I said.”The silence extended uncomfortably, until Harry said, “Anyway. I’m going to go sort my stuff out for tomorrow.”Draco immediately agreed, walking out of the Great Hall with Harry. As soon as they hit the darkness outside the castle, Harry stepped into a shadow, reaching for Draco, who pulled him into a tight hug. They stood swaying together for a long time, until the sound of footsteps eased them apart.“Was he serious?” Justin’s voice came drifting out of the patch of light at the doorway. “Merlin, it’s dark out here.”“Yeah,” Ernie replied. “I mean, do you know what happened while they were away?”“No,” Justin said. “I mean, he killed You-Know-Who, but that was a fluke.”Ernie snorted. “Not likely,” he said. “Didn’t you read the Quibbler?”“The Daily Prophet didn’t have anything about it,” Justin said. “It said You-Know-Who was probably weakened by all the other fighting.”“Of course it did,” Ernie replied. He hesitated, then said quietly, “I saw a lot of people killed at the Battle.” There was a rustle of fabric, and someone swore.“Stinging Jinx,” Ernie said. “It’s healed, but they said the scars are permanent. Good thing I didn’t want to be an Auror, they’d never let me in like this.”“I didn’t know,” Justin said sombrely. “Might be more danger and less excitement, if you know what I mean.”“That’s the point,” Ernie said, the fabric rustling again. “My sister left with the other younger kids, but I stayed and I was damned lucky to get out. And Harry’s right. I’m not the same, and if you can’t see Malfoy’s changed too, you’re dumber than a full blooded Troll.”“Oi!” Justin said indignantly.“Well, it’s true,” Ernie said. “And honestly, this year is important. We’re lucky McGonagall allowed us to come back at all, and I don’t want to waste it having to deal with all the rubbish about who’s better or which House is better.” He sighed. “It might be nice to just have a regular year again. Before we have to leave.”They started walking again, Justin’s voice carrying a little.“Maybe.”“Maybe,” Draco whispered, his face pressed to Harry’s shoulder as they stood in the shadow of the steps.“It’s a start,” Harry said.“At least Ernie listened to you,” Draco said.“I have no idea what I was saying,” Harry said. “It was all a jumble, it just seemed important.”“It was,” Draco said. “It is. Better than Dumbledore, even.”Harry rolled his eyes. “As if you ever listened to Dumbledore.”Draco looked directly at him and said, “’Come over to the right side, Draco, and we can hide you more completely than you can possibly imagine. Come over to the right side. You are not a killer, Draco…’”“Wow,” Harry said, surprised. “You were listening.”“By then I’d realised,” Draco said. “But I didn’t know what to do. But he still thought better of me than I thought of myself…”Harry nodded into his shoulder, holding him tighter for a second. He could feel Draco shaking at the memory.“Well, we’ll take it a day at a time,” he said. “All anyone can do, really.”“Was that you?” Draco said. “The people you said you knew.”“Yeah,” Harry said. “My first letter from Hogwarts was addressed to me, at ‘The Cupboard Under The Stairs’.”“Salazar,” Draco breathed.Harry sighed. He wanted Draco to know, but telling the story was always difficult. “You know I lived with my aunt and uncle growing up. They’re Muggles, and they weren’t very nice. And I hated them, hated that I had to live with them. And it wasn’t until the last day, when they were getting moved somewhere safe, that I realised why they hated me.”“Why?” Draco asked.“My aunt lost her sister,” Harry said simply. “When my mother died…it was her only sister. And I reminded her of that, every single day. And I reminded her of how dangerous that world was.” He shrugged. “She was frightened of me, when she knew I could do magic. And she was frightened for her family. I can understand that. I just wish she’d not been so mean about it.”“Yeah,” Draco whispered. “I know what you mean.”Without another word they linked hands and walked back down the hill. Harry opened the door, allowing Draco through first. They both let go of their joined hands at the same time; a single pang of sadness ran through Harry. He wished he and Draco didn’t have to worry so much about the reactions of the others, but he knew that in the long term, it would be an easier year if the rest of their year was comfortable with them.A quick nod to the people collected in the common room, and they closed the dorm door behind them. Ron was there, already changed for bed.“Alright?” he muttered to them both.“Yeah,” Harry said. “at least Quidditch’ll be running this year.”“Yeah,” Ron said. “Anyway, g’night.”“Night,” Harry said.He and Draco shared the bathroom, brushing teeth without comment. A quick hug – far too short, by Harry’s estimation, but he understood why – and they made their way to their beds. He settled down, closing his eyes before Ron’s voice broke the silence.“What’s with the snitch?” Ron asked from his bed.“What?” Harry asked, taking a second to process what Ron had said.“That,” Ron said, pointing to the snitch that had risen above Harry’s bed when he pulled back the blankets.“Oh,” Harry said, glancing at Draco. “It sings in faerie.”“It sings…in faerie?” Ron repeated, bewildered. “Why?”“Helps with nightmares,” Harry said. “Draco Charmed it for my birthday.”Ron blinked at him, then looked at Draco. “You Charmed that?”“Yeah,” Draco said.“Merlin, that’s amazing,” Ron said finally. “Have you told Hermione?”“No,” Draco said, confused.“Don’t,” Ron said immediately. “She’ll spend days trying to figure it out.”“Oh, I’ll tell her if she wan-” Draco started, but Ron cut him off.“No,” Ron said, “she won’t want to ask, she’ll want to figure it out on her own.”“Right,” Draco said slowly. “So I shouldn’t mention it?”“No,” Ron said firmly. Definitely not.”“Okay,” Draco said, his eyes flicking to Harry, who shrugged at him. They all looked at each other, then settled down in their beds. At some point the others must have come in, but Harry was asleep.









Chapter 26: Opposition
    




Chapter Text

“Diagon Alley should be quiet,” Neville said at breakfast. He’d met Ron, Harry and Draco on the walk up; none of the others were up, as far as they could see, though Hermione was waiting for them in the Great Hall.

“Yeah,” Ron agreed. “Kids’ll be catching the train today.”

Harry didn’t look at Draco, but passed him a piece of toast; he was sitting with an empty plate in front of him. Harry could remember how nervous he’d been before his first Quidditch match, and he imagined Draco’s stomach was doing a similar kind of sickening roil. Talking about the mass of students returning probably wouldn’t help, so he cast around for something else to talk about.

“What are you doing today?” Harry asked Hermione. She had her school bag with her, which was a lot smaller than it had been in previous years; he figured her new mastery of the Undetectable Extension Charm last year had been put to good use.

“I have appointments with Professors Wilkins, Babbling and Sinistra,” she said, “to discuss the questions I have about the coursework I’ve already completed.”

“Professor Wilkins?” Harry asked. He hadn’t heard that name before.

“The new History of Magic teacher,” Hermione told him. “I asked McGonagall to put me in touch as soon as she’d appointed someone.”

Harry nodded, deliberately not looking at either Ron or Draco; he could feel the ‘of course you did’ from both of them already, and he didn’t want Hermione to think they were laughing at her.

“What about you?” she asked, her air tone telling Harry in no uncertain terms she was well aware what they thought of her plans.

“I thought I’d fly for a while,” Draco said. He glanced at Harry. “Just want to get some cobwebs out, you know.”Harry nodded. He was pretty sure Draco was saying he wanted to fly alone, which was fine.

They talked about nothing in particular while they finished eating. There was no sign of the rest of their eighth-year classmates. When Draco headed for their dorm to collect his broom, Hermione climbed the stairs and Ron and Neville started for Hogwarts, Harry was at a loss. What would he do? He could find Ernie and Justin, he supposed, but it wasn’t a particularly appealing idea. They probably needed some time to work through everything anyway, and he didn’t want to push them. Not to mention the idea of having to defend Draco for an entire conversation already made him anxious.

Perhaps he could get his broom and fly in the other direction? Or find Hagrid maybe? Hermione’s voice reminded him that there was a lot of text still waiting to be read, preferably before classes tomorrow, but Harry ignored it. He was still trying to decide when he spotted Bill Weasley starting across the Entrance Hall.

Impulsively, Harry strode over to intercept him.

“Morning, Professor,” he said, unable to keep a grin from his face.

“Mister Potter,” Bill replied. His expression was deadpan but there was definitely amusement in his voice. “Was there something I could do for you?”

Harry shrugged. “Just thought I’d see how things are going,” he said. He wasn’t really sure why he’d approached Bill except that he’d not had a chance to talk to him since arriving. It seemed somehow wrong not to at least have a conversation before they saw each other in class. 

Bill looked at him levelly, then turned, inviting Harry to join him. They walked in silence up the stairs and along corridors to the Defence Against the Dark Arts classroom.

“Not sure I’ll have a lot to teach you this year,” Bill said as they sat down in his office.

“I think you will,” Harry said. “Not everything I did was exactly the recommended course of action.”

“No,” Bill agreed, steepling his fingers. “I don’t imagine it was.”

Harry shrugged again. “Besides, there’s a whole lot of theory I have to catch up on. And the last proper teacher we had…” he trailed off. Snape had been their teacher in sixth-year, the first of their N.E.W.T. studies, and Umbridge before her. Ironically Harry had learned more defence in that year with arguably their worst teacher, though it had little to do with her in the end.

“Yes,” Bill said, appearing to see Harry’s discomfort. “There will be some gaps to fill, I think.” He smiled, the scars pulling at his mouth.

“How’s Fleur?” Harry asked.

“She’s well,” he said. “I think she and Mum might take some getting used to each other, being in the same village.”

“Do you miss Shell Cottage?” Harry asked.

“Yes,” Bill said simply. “But it’s too much to ask Fleur to stay there on her own while I’m working.”

Harry nodded. He wasn’t sure how to ask, but Bill said quietly, “I Charmed the grave of that elf. It won’t get damaged or anything.”

“Thanks,” Harry said. The thoughtful gesture took him by surprise, and it took a second to realise Bill had spoken to him again. “Sorry, what?”

“How has it been coming back here?” Bill asked. His eyes were level on Harry’s, and Harry wondered how much Bill knew about what was happening in the eighth-year rooms.

“Good,” Harry said. “Complicated, but good.”

Bill nodded. “Things are, now,” he said. “What in particular?”

Harry looked at him, weighing up the conversation. Should he try and stay causal? Where did Bill stand on the ‘ex-Death Eater’ idea? “Mostly getting my head around the fact it’s over,” he said quietly. “Trying to put the past behind me and move on.”

“Is that why you’re friendly with Draco Malfoy?” Bill asked.

Harry paused for a beat, then said carefully, “Not specifically. I mean, I’m not friendly just to prove a point. He was the only other eighth-year here when I arrived, so I…noticed him. Noticed how different he was.”

“And you’re okay with that?” Bill asked.

“Yeah,” Harry said. “I am.”

Bill nodded, tapping his index fingers together, eyes still on Harry. “You know it’s going to be difficult,” Bill said finally.

“Yes,” Harry said. “I know.” His heart was pounding as he asked carefully, “I don’t mean to pry, Professor, but where do you stand on McGonagall’s point of supporting everyone?”

“Well, she hired me,” Bill said. “So I guess I have to be pro-McGonagall, don’t I?”

“Not necessarily,” Harry said.

“Well I am, anyway,” Bill replied. “There’s been enough of all that.” He paused. “And it is weird having you call me Professor, Harry. So call me Bill.”

A wave of relief flowed through Harry. “Yeah,” he said. “I agree. I can’t keep hating people anymore.” He hesitated, then added carefully, “But I do understand why people can’t always forgive and forget. Some bad stuff happened.”“Yes, it did,” Bill said. He looked at Harry. “You might have to be prepared to share more than you want to. You and Malfoy both.”

“I know,” Harry said. “We already have, actually.”

“I heard,” Bill said. “But I mean, you might have to answer questions, or tell people about things that you wouldn’t necessarily tell them. Not everybody will understand, and you’ll have to try and explain.”

Harry nodded. He’d already been doing that. They had, together.

“Well, I’d recommend you don’t tell my Mum for a while,” Bill said, leaning back. “About you and Draco. She’s having a hard enough time with Ron and Hermione at the moment.”

“I know,” Harry said. “Hermione’s pretty upset about it.”

“Mum’ll get over it,” Bill said. “She just wants Ron to be happy. It’s not really about Hermione at all.”

“Okay,” Harry said, not really getting it. How was it not about Hermione? It didn’t matter, though.

“Well, I think you’ll be fine this year,” Bill said. “I have to go and see Hagrid, actually, if you want to come down there with me?”

“Sure,” Harry said.

They talked a little about Bill and Fleur’s kids while they walked. “So did you plan on adopting kids?” Harry asked, then winced at himself. “Sorry, that’s pretty personal.”

“It’s fine,” Bill said. “I didn’t, not really. Not until,” he waved one hand at his face. “No-one can really tell me whether I’d pass on any of this to my children. And there were a lot of kids who needed a family, after everything that happened. Kids from wizarding families.” He shrugged. “So it made sense.”

Harry nodded. “Your mum must be happy, having them close,” he said.

“Yeah,” Bill replied. “I think we’ll send them all here, in the end, but for a few years there’ll be a bunch hanging around the Burrow.”

Harry grinned. He imagined Molly Weasley would be in her element with grandchildren running around.

Hagrid was home, and Harry decided to take Fang for a walk, leaving the two teachers to talk. He and Fang wandered along at the edge of the forest, no particular destination in mind. Harry couldn’t believe they were here already, the Hogwarts Express leaving soon from London to bring a whole school’s worth of students back to Hogwarts. Some of the old worries came up again – about how he’d manage the workload, about how he’d manage being ‘The Boy Who…”, and now, about how he’d help Draco. It was only a few weeks ago he’d arrived, then stomped out of the Headmistress’ office, furious to know that Draco Malfoy was coming back to Hogwarts. How quickly things could change, he thought to himself.

He walked for an hour or so, finally returning when his stomach told him it might be lunchtime. He’d looked out at the sky over the lake, wondering where Draco might be flying, wondering how he was, but he couldn’t see anything. Fang was happy when Harry left him with a rough pat on the head, and Harry was soon back up in the Great Hall. Susan, Ernie and Justin were there this time, and Harry was surprised to see a stony expression on all three faces.

“Hi,” he said tentatively. “Um, do you mind if I sit here?”

“Sure,” Susan said.

“What’s up?” Harry asked, taking a sandwich. “You all look pretty annoyed.” He hesitated. “It’s not…”

“No,” Ernie said. He glanced at the others. “Another eighth-year student arrived, and she’s been…”

“Difficult,” Susan offered.

Harry cast his mind back to the list McGonagall had recited. “Padma?” he asked. “Or Daphne Greengrass?” Of the two he imagined it would probably not be Padma, but still…

“Daphne,” Susan said, confirming Harry’s suspicion. She nodded over to the far table, that which had always been Slytherin’s. It had a disproportionately small number of students sat along it, Harry realised, and a tall blonde girl sitting in the middle of the small group.

“Is that her?” Harry asked. “She doesn’t look to happy to be here.”

“She’s not a fan of McGonagall’s integration plan,” Susan said. “When she arrived in the dormitory she Transfigured her bed into a four poster,” Ernie and Justin looked a little guilty, “and changed all the hangings to show the Slytherin colours.”

Harry raised his eyebrows. “She’s not happy sharing with the rest of us?”

“No,” Ernie confirmed. “She told the rest of us we should have a schedule so she wouldn’t have to be in the common room with us.”

“I bet Hermione was happy with that,” Harry said with a grin. The demand was so ridiculous he wasn’t even upset by it; there was no way it would happen, especially with Hermione so focused on their schoolwork this year.

“Hermione made it quite clear she was in charge,” Ernie said. “Which is fine with the rest of us, by the way.”

Justin looked less sure than Ernie, but he wasn’t arguing.

“You don’t want to cross her either,” Harry said to Ernie, grinning.

“Nope,” Ernie said, “and I want to do the best I can this year. With Hermione in charge that’s far more likely to happen.”

Harry grinned, marvelling at how quickly Hermione had won them over. “So what did Daphne say?” he asked, as much for the gossip as the information. He started in on his Irish stew as he listened.

“She went to McGonagall and asked for separate accommodation,” Susan said. “At least, she said she was going to. But her things were still in the dormitory when I left so I don’t think she was allowed to.”

“Bet she wasn’t,” Justin added.

“When she came in here, she made anyone who’s not a Slytherin go and sit on a different table,” Susan whispered. “Only Slytherins can sit there, she said.”

“Well, McGonagall will have something to say about that,” Harry said with confidence. He frowned. “I hope Slughorn stands up to her.”

They all agreed. Harry kept one eye on Daphne during their meal. She looked furious, he thought, and kept looking around the room at the groups of students as though they were all imposing on her personal space.

When Harry was almost finished, Daphne stood up and approached their group, her face set grimly.

“Hi,” Harry said, standing as she came close enough to speak to. “I’m-”

“Do you really think there’s anyone here who doesn’t know who you are?” she interrupted him.

Harry raised one eyebrow. “It’s polite to introduce yourself when you meet someone for the first time,” he murmured.

Daphne sneered. “Don’t think I’m going to be joining the fan club,” she said, addressing the rest of them as much as Harry. “I am only here to pass my N.E.W.T.s, and I can do that without all the touchy-feely rubbish that sorry excuse for a Headmis-”

“Stop,” Harry said, his voice low and strong. “If you say one more word against our Headmistress, you’ll have a lot of people to deal with. People who like and respect her.”

Daphne blinked at him, and Harry took the opportunity to speak.

“You don’t have to socialise with anyone else,” Harry said, “and you don’t have to like what the new Headmistress is doing. But if you can ignore us without being rude or nasty, things will be far nicer for everyone.”

“You think that just because you’re The Boy Who Lived,” she began again, but Ernie stood up, closely followed by Susan and a slightly more reluctant Justin.

“No,” Ernie said. “But if it’s a problem that Harry’s asking you, then I will. And so will Susan, and Justin and Ron and Hermione. We all just want to pass this year the best we can, and if that’s what you want, then go and do it. But don’t make trouble.”

She looked at each of them in turn before turning on her heel and stalking out the door.

“Well that went well,” Harry muttered. He turned to look at the rest of them. “Thanks.”

“You’re right,” Susan said. “None of us want trouble.”

“And if we can all get along well enough,” Ernie said, and Harry knew he was talking about Draco, “she can too.”

“Thanks,” Harry repeated.

Justin rolled his eyes. “We don’t need that drama,” he said. “She can Floo to the Slytherin common room every night if she wants to.”

Susan nodded, then leaned in and whispered, “Let’s not tell her about the Floo powder.”

Justin’s eyes lit up, but Harry sighed. “Let’s not make trouble ourselves,” he said.

“Yeah,” Susan said obstinately. “But I’m not going to tell her.”

They all shrugged at each other, then started slowly walking down to their common room. “What’s the plan for the afternoon?”

“I was hoping you’d let me have a go of your Firebolt,” Ernie said. “Before school starts.”

“Sure,” Harry said. “Has anyone seen Ron?”

“No,” they all said. “He’s not back yet,” Justin added.

“Well let’s take his broom too,” Harry said. “I’m sure he wouldn’t mind.” He turned to Justin and invited him too. Susan declined, saying she was going to head down to Hogsmeade to top up her supply from Honeydukes.

The afternoon passed quickly, Ron coming to join them when he returned from London. They played two-a-side for a while, one Firebolt and one Shooting Star on each team, until Harry spotted Draco returning.

“I’m done,” he told the others. “Keep my broom for a while if you want.”

He left Ron, Ernie and Justin taking turns on the brooms, walking back up to the common room, wishing he’d thought to bring some food down.

Draco was just out of the shower by the time Harry arrived. “Good flight?” he asked.

“Yes,” Draco said, brushing wet hair out of his face. He dressed quickly, then faced Harry. The shadow of apprehension Harry had seen on him earlier was far more pronounced; Harry could see his shoulders hunch a little under the scrutiny.

“Hug?” Harry asked, and Draco stepped forward without a word. His arms locked around Harry, the embrace fierce.

“Worried about tonight?” Harry whispered, and Draco’s nod was so small he could barely feel it against his shoulder.

“I’ll be there,” Harry said. “And Ron and Hermione,” he hesitated before adding, “and Ernie and Justin and Susan. And Neville. And Hagrid.”

“Yeah,” Draco said. “Sounds like a lot of people when you say it like that.”

“It is,” Harry said. “Just about our whole year level.”

Draco pulled back, giving Harry an exasperated look. “There are only ten people in our year level,” he reminded Harry. “Including you and me.”

“True,” Harry countered, “and you’ve won most of them over already.” He grinned at Draco. “Aren’t you charming?”

Draco rolled his eyes, but leaned in to kiss Harry. “Thank you,” he said. “So we’re just waiting for Terry Boot, Padma Patil and Daphne Greengrass, is that right?”

Harry nodded. “Actually, Daphne arrived today,” he said. “This morning.”

Draco nodded, clearly thinking. “How…is she?” he said tentatively.

“Difficult,” Harry said. “She made anyone who wasn’t a Slytherin move off their table at lunch. And she’s not happy about the Inter-house cooperation stuff. Said some pretty mean stuff about McGonagall – or tried to.” He grimaced. “I cut her off. Pointed out that she didn’t have to like us, but making trouble wouldn’t end well for anyone.”

Draco raised one eyebrow.

“Ernie and Justin and Susan backed me,” he added defensively.

“Good,” Draco said. “Do you…do you think she knows I’m here?”

“I don’t know,” Harry said honestly. “I think she was so upset at how things are here that she didn’t really take much notice of who the other people are except that they’re not Slytherins.”

Draco nodded, then sighed. “I hadn’t anticipated that,” he admitted. “Though it does make sense. Some of the Slytherin families were quite insular.”

Harry nodded. “Well, she’ll be the only one, then,” he said. He cast around for something to make Draco smile. “Susan suggested we don’t tell her about the Floo powder,” he said. Draco blinked, then huffed a laugh. It was small, but to Harry it counted. 

“I told her I wasn’t sure it was a good idea,” he admitted, “starting that kind of thing.” He hesitated. “But if she doesn’t ask,” he shrugged.

“Thank you,” Draco said.

“Of course,” Harry replied. He kissed Draco, then eased away. “I’m going to borrow Ron’s new Cannons book before we have to get ready for the Feast,” he said. He wrinkled his nose. “I’m a bit nervous too,” he said. “Haven’t seen a lot of people since the end of last year.”

Draco nodded. “Of course,” he said. “I’ll join you in a minute.”

Harry picked up Ron’s book and found himself a seat in the common room. When a door opened, he assumed it was Draco, but someone stood beside him without speaking long enough for him to glance up.

It was Daphne.

“Yes?” Harry asked. He wasn’t going to be rude, but if she wanted to be difficult, he was hardly going to go out of his way to help her, either.

She stood for another few seconds, and Harry wondered if she was going to say anything at all. “I have heard,” she said, practically spitting the words at him, “that you and Malfoy are…friendly.”

Harry closed his book, giving her his full attention. “We are,” he said, adding, “although to be really clear, we’re seeing each other. Romantically.”

“He was supposed to marry my sister,” Daphne declared.

“Really?” Harry said in astonishment. “Did he agree to that?”

“It was arranged,” Daphne said, with the air of talking to someone who wouldn’t understand such things.

“Right,” Harry said. “Well I’m not sure that’s going to happen now.”

Her eyes narrowed, and Harry had the distinct impression he had confirmed something she hoped was a rumour. “I guess he’s less of a Slytherin than we thought,” she said finally.

“Maybe,” Harry said, not wanting to have an argument.

She stared at him. “What’s that supposed to mean?”

“Nothing,” Harry said. “I have no idea what you thought of Draco before now, so I can’t really comment.”

“This isn’t over,” Daphne said, and stalked into the girls’ dormitory, slamming the door behind her.

“What was that about?” Draco said, coming out of the boys’ dormitory.

“I have no idea,” Harry said. “But she’d heard about you and I, and I confirmed it. Not sure she was too happy about it.”

Draco nodded. “A Slytherin dating outside the House was practically unheard of,” he said, dropping into the seat beside Harry. 

“She said you were meant to marry her sister?” Harry said. “Did you know about that?”

Draco shrugged. “There are only so many pure-blood families left,” he said, “and the really enthusiastic members tend to want to keep bloodlines pure. Arranged marriages aren’t uncommon.”

Harry nodded. He thought that kind of this was too old fashioned to happen anymore. “Okay,” he said. “It might take a bit of getting used to, this,” he squeezed Draco’s hand. “For Daphne, I mean.”

Draco nodded. “I get the impression there will be a lot of things she’ll have to get used to,” Draco said. “All of us, actually.”

“There will,” Harry replied. He opened his book, and he and Draco spent the next hour or so engrossed in their respective texts, Felix settling happily on Draco’s head.

Finally, Ron, Ernie and Justin burst in, voices loud and exhilarated after their flying.

“Thanks for letting us use your broom,” Ernie said.

“Yeah,” Justin replied. They looked over but froze, eyes locked on Draco’s head.

“Oh that’s Felix,” Harry said when he saw what they’d noticed. “He’s a Snidget.”

“Right,” Justin said.

“Anyway, we’re going to hit the showers,” Ron told Harry and Draco. “We have to be up at the castle in an hour.”

A ripple of disquiet flowed through Harry’s stomach. “Thanks,” he said.

“Well,” he said to Draco. “Back into Gryffindor robes, then.”

“Yes,” Draco said, smoothing the cover of his book. “Well, not Gryffindor, but…yes. Robes.”

“It’ll be fine,” Harry said. The look Draco gave him said he didn’t believe the words, which matched Harry. He wanted to believe it, but he knew it wasn’t true.

“Come on,” Draco said. “Can’t avoid it forever.”










Chapter 27: Commencement
    




Chapter Text
“Are you ready?” Draco asked, looking at Harry. It was strange, seeing him in his Slytherin robes again, Harry thought. His own robes were a strange mix of familiar and uncomfortable; it was a long time since he’d chosen to wear a tie, or robes at all for that matter.“No,” Harry said with a smile. “Let’s go.”By mutual consent the eighth-years had agreed to go up to the castle together, though Daphne was conspicuously absent, and Terry and Padma would be on the train. It was another jarring moment when Harry saw the group waiting in the common room. Three of the four houses were represented, but no matter what the colouring, the faces above were the same mix of excited and apprehensive.“Feels like the start of a Quidditch match,” Ron muttered loud enough for everyone to hear.“Or an exam,” Hermione added, joining the group with Susan. She looked around. “Is that everyone?”“Yes,” Ernie said. “Shall we go?”They all pulled out their wands, lighting the ends without a word, and grinned at each other.The group was fairly quiet as they made their way up the hill, and Hermione stopped them just outside the puddle of light spilling from the main entrance doorway.“I just want to say,” she began, and Ron rolled his eyes. Harry was impressed at how seamlessly she dug her elbow into his ribs as she continued, “I just want to say,” she repeated with a smile, ignoring Ron’s gasp of pain, “that I am looking forward to this year. I think it’s been good for us to have these few days together to get to know each other, and I look forward to us all supporting each other.”“Hear, hear,” Ernie replied. There was a general murmur of agreement, and they turned to walk into the Entrance Hall together. The rest of the early arriving students were milling around, and the throng of black robes gave Harry a thrill. This was Hogwarts, back as he knew it; the excitement rippling around the room, the unknown of a new year, waiting for the Feast to mark the start of things.It would be the last time he did this. His final year here.He took a deep breath and glanced over at Draco, who was looking ill.“What?” he asked, sidling closer.“What if McGonagall makes us sit in our Houses?” Draco asked.Harry didn’t answer – the idea had not even occurred to him, but if they did have to, Draco would be sitting alone save for Daphne and the few Slytherins who’d returned early. Hardly a supportive group. Harry had no idea what to say, so he gazed back helplessly at Draco. Before he could come up with an answer, McGonagall asked for their attention and the chatter died down. Harry turned to face her, his excitement replaced with nervousness now that Draco’s question had been posed.“Good evening,” their Headmistress greeted them. “This is an unusual evening, with so many of you here before the train, but it is also an exciting one – the reopening of our school, free at last of the Dark magic that has cast its shadow over us for so long.”Applause broke out, and Harry took the moment to look at Draco. He looked like he might pass out, his face set.“There will be changes this year,” McGonagall went on, “which I will detail when the rest of the school arrives in a few minutes. Until then, I will ask you to take your seats at your House tables. Welcome back to Hogwarts.”She spread her arms and the doors behind her opened, allowing students to enter the Hall.Harry didn’t pause; he grabbed Hermione in one arm and Draco in the other, pulling them over to the wall. Ron was talking to Justin and didn’t seem to notice their absence.“Right,” he said to their startled faces. “If we’re going to have to split up, this is what’s going to happen.” He pointed at Draco. “You’re going to sit at the end of your table, back to the wall.” He kept his eyes on Draco’s. “Hermione, you and I are going to sit facing the Slytherin table, keeping an eye out for anyone who thinks they can take matters into their own hands.”They both nodded. Hermione’s confused expression had turned grim when she realised what Harry was talking about.“Don’t eat anything,” she told Draco. “We’ll go up to the kitchens later.”“I couldn’t eat anyway,” he said, sounding faint.“We’ve got your back,” Harry said firmly.“Only an idiot would try something in the middle of the Feast, in front of everyone,” Hermione told him. “Harry and I’ll keep an eye on you.” She paused. “Just…if something does happen, don’t retaliate. Defend yourself,” she added when he looked appalled, “but don’t retaliate. Let us deal with it.”“Perhaps,” a voice came from behind them, “you could even leave the discipline to the teachers.” They all turned to see McGonagall behind them, the rest of the Hall empty. She looked at each of them, then settled her gaze on Draco.“You will be fine, Mister Malfoy,” she said to him. He didn’t reply, so she took out her wand and pointed it at him. No words escaped her, but a bright light flew from her wand, surrounding him momentarily before disappearing. “A protection spell,” she told him. “It will repel weak to moderate hexes, charms and jinxes. That should keep you safe, should you require it.”“Thank you, Professor,” Harry said. Draco and Hermione echoed him.“If you would all be so kind as to join the rest of the students?” Professor McGonagall said, and her voice was exasperated but kind.“Thank you,” Harry said again as they passed, and she met his eyes with a nod.“Okay?” Harry said to Draco. They’d entered the Great Hall, and all three looked to the Slytherin table. Daphne sat talking intently to the small group of Slytherins collected near the front of the room. Harry saw several ghosts floating around, though Peeves was noticeably absent. He nodded to Nick, who nodded back, grabbing at his head to stop it wobbling.Harry watched Draco take a deep breath and steel himself before walking over to the Slytherin table without speaking. He sat on his own, back to the wall as Harry had suggested, a good ten feet between himself and Daphne. Harry and Hermione took seats next to each other opposite Draco at the Gryffindor table; they both had their wands concealed up their sleeves, and Harry kept his eyes locked on Draco. It broke his heart a little to see Draco curl into himself again as he sat on his own, not a hint of the arrogance of their previous years evident in his posture.“He’ll be fine,” Hermione murmured as Ron came to join them.“I hope so,” Harry said.“It’ll take a little while,” Hermione encouraged him. “But the sixth- and seventh-years will get to know him in class, and people will be watching him. Like you did.”“Not entirely,” Harry said, nodding at some Ravenclaws. They were muttering at their own table, but the dark glances they were throwing at Draco made their thoughts on his presence quite clear.“Don’t go borrowing trouble,” Ron suggested. “That’s what my Mum would say.”“Yeah,” Harry said. “I guess she’s right.”They fell silent as the second- through seventh-years arrived from the train, pouring into the room and separating towards their tables in a cacophony of voices, shrieks and laughter. It was strange, after so long eating in the fairly quiet Hall to see it so full, and with students so very happy to be there. Harry watched as the tables filled, though a small section of the Ravenclaw table remained unfilled, allowing them a clear view to Draco.“Was that you?” Harry asked Hermione as students made to sit in the space then changed their minds.“Nonverbal Revulsion Charm,” she replied. “It’ll keep Draco in sight.”Harry nodded, his throat thickening for a moment at Hermione’s thoughtfulness. “Thanks,” he muttered.She flashed him a smile but kept watching Draco. Harry was glad when the students who sat beside them didn’t say anything; they were tiny, so they were either too involved in their own conversations or too intimidated to talk to them. Harry didn’t really care either way. Right now he was focussed on Draco.The Slytherin table was noticeably less full than the rest, and Harry was pleased only because it meant nobody sat with Draco. He didn’t have to make small talk or endure questions, and the table filled around Daphne instead. Harry was curious to know what she was talking about, but his main focus was Draco, so he let the thought slide.Finally, when most of the seats were filled – small sections at the front remained clear, for the new first-years, Harry assumed – McGonagall stood up. She was using the same lectern Dumbledore had used, Harry realised with a pang. He glanced back at Draco.“Good evening,” she said with a wide smile. “A warm welcome back to Hogwarts to you all.” She paused to smile at each student table before continuing. “In a moment the Sorting Ceremony will begin, but before that I would like to take a moment to speak to you all. There have been many changes at Hogwarts from last year to this – and indeed, for the last few years things here have been…variable,” she said delicately. “This year the changes to our school are aimed at unifying us. Bringing us together,” she said, looking around the room. “I know we have been encouraged to see ourselves as different recently, as superior or inferior based on the lottery of birth, but know this,” and her voice suddenly turned to steel, “every student here is equal. Every student is welcome, and worthy of the same magical education that you all have been offered. Moreover,” she said, “all members of staff are to be treated equally. This year we have a number of new faces, who I will introduce in due course, and each is to be afforded the respect due to a teacher at Hogwarts. I will say this to you now: anyone who does not feel they can live by this rule is welcome to leave. But bullying will not be tolerated.”The whole Hall was silent. Harry was watching Draco, who was watching McGonagall; he saw Draco’s head nod slightly, and just caught the end of a look from McGonagall to him.“She’s got his back too,” Hermione whispered.Harry just nodded.“Well, we’ve left our newest students waiting long enough,” McGonagall said briskly. “Let us Sort them so the Feast might begin!”The Sorting was as Harry remembered, though it was a few years since he’d actually attended a ceremony; surely he had never been so small and nervous, though. The Hat sang a song that sounded vaguely familiar, and Harry nudged Hermione, knowing she would know.“It’s the same song from when we were in fifth-year, Harry!” Hermione whispered. Harry remembered; the Hat had been trying to warn them about the threat from the newly risen Voldemort. Now though, it seemed to be urging them in the same direction as McGonagall – working together to keep Hogwarts strong and unified.The new first-years seemed evenly spread between the four Houses, and each student jumped up with relief when the Sorting Hat called their name.“Let us eat first,” McGonagall said, “before announcements are made with the puddings.”There was a general cheer at the news, and serving dishes appeared along the table. Harry and Hermione were still watching Draco; Ron seemed to be taking on the burden of eating for the three of them. Draco still looked so isolated, Harry thought with despair. Was this what the year would be like? Them sitting across the Hall watching Draco not eat, miserable? Intellectually he knew they would be able to sit together at most meals, but even the idea of a handful of more formal evenings sitting like this was enough to make his stomach drop.Harry couldn’t eat anything, and it seemed like an age before the main courses vanished, to be replaced by puddings. After allowing a few minutes for people to serve themselves, McGonagall stood up, raising one hand for quiet.“As you enjoy your pudding, please lend me your ears as there are a number of notices this year,” she said. “Firstly, we have several new staff.” Harry glanced along, only now focussing on the members of the staff table.“Mr. Bill Weasley will be taking Defence Against The Dark Arts,” McGonagall announced. There was a cheer as he rose, waving one hand at Gryffindor table.“Miss. Wyatt Wilkins has taken up the post of History of Magic teacher after Professor Binns finally…moved on,” McGonagall said delicately. “She assures me she has extensive plans to revamp the curriculum.”“Finally,” Ron said. Hermione shot him a look, and Harry grinned briefly.“Mr. Horace Slughorn will be returning as Potions Master,” she continued. Slughorn looked decidedly different, Harry thought. His broad, self-satisfied smile was gone, and he nodded gravely at each table in turn before sitting down again.“And a former student, Mister Neville Longbottom, will be working with Professor Sprout in the greenhouses.” Neville took some coaxing to stand up, his face as red as a beetroot as he nodded nervously at the assembled students. “You may address him however he sees fit.”She looked at him expectantly. He muttered something, then at her insistence, stood up and said loudly, “Neville’s fine.”Laughter rippled around the room as Professor Sprout patted him on the back.“And finally, we have a new caretaker,” McGonagall announced.“No more Filch?” Ron said, eyebrows rising.“After considerable discussion, the position of caretaker will be filled by a house-elf,” McGonagall announced. She paused, obviously anticipating the murmur of surprise that ran through the crowd.“Kreacher, will you come here please?” she said.The crack was familiar to some, though most jumped as the house-elf appeared on the step beside McGonagall. “Good evening, Professor,” Kreacher greeted her in his croaky voice. “How can Kreacher help?”“This is Kreacher,” McGonagall told everyone. “He is exceptionally competent and will have the castle running extremely smoothly.” She turned to the elf and nodded. He bowed in return before disappearing again with a crack. “A reminder of the courtesy that is to be extended to all members of staff, including Kreacher,” she said sternly. “I am aware some of you have house-elves at home – indeed, the meal you are enjoying right now was prepared by our house-elves. Whatever your attitudes at home, Hogwarts house-elves are considered members of staff and are to be treated as such.”A ripple of conversation ran around the room, and Harry was interested to see how many nodded at the directive.“Moving on,” she said. “As I mentioned earlier to our returning students, there are many changes this year. To our first-year students, this will be the norm; others might find it difficult to adapt, but adapt you will.”“You will notice a building next to Hagrid’s hut at the bottom of the hill,” McGonagall said. “This is the residence of the eighth-year students. They are N.E.W.T. students returning to complete their studies. I have spoken to each of them, and given the extraordinary circumstances that bring them here, they have been afforded extra liberties. Should you find yourself unable to finish your final year of school for a similar reason, rest assured you will be offered the same.” A titter of nervous laughter ran around the room at the Headmistress’ allusion to what had happened the previous year. “In the meantime, trust they have permission for their actions. Staff will, of course, ensure this is true should any of them…forget.”The laughter this time was more relaxed, and Harry met Draco’s eyes for the first time. An encouraging smile was met with a slight one, and Harry relaxed a little.“While you are seated in your Houses right now,” McGonagall continued, “this year we are encouraging students to develop their friendships outside their own Houses. There will be special meals – mainly formal events – where you will be required to sit with your Houses; at other meals please feel free to sit at whichever table you chose. I understand,” she said, raising her voice over the astonished chatter, then waiting for it to die down, “I understand that this will be strange for a lot of you, but rest assured we have been doing so in the weeks before this and there have been no serious injuries of which I am aware.” Her voice softened a little, “Take your lead from the students who have been here over the break, and I can assure you the benefits will come to us all.”“The Great Hall will be open to all students to socialise or study in the evenings, should you wish to do so outside of your common rooms, which will remain restricted to each individual House.”A lot of people looked relieved at this, and Harry thought McGonagall had done the right thing, allowing people the sanctuary of their own House. It would be a big change, especially for the older students for whom their House had been their family, essentially.“Should you have suggestions for making this space more inviting in the evenings, please speak to your Head of House. Might I also remind students that the Forbidden Forest is well named; many dangerous creatures call it home, and you would be foolish to wander through it without permission from myself or Hagrid, the Care of Magical Creatures teacher.”Hagrid stood up at this, nodding and waving.“Finally, and I apologise for the lengthy announcements tonight, other school events will continue as usual. Check your common room notice boards for Quidditch tryouts and other events. Students in fourth-year and below will have their timetables at breakfast tomorrow. O.W.L. and N.E.W.T. students will confer with the Heads of House before their timetables are confirmed this evening or tomorrow morning.”“Should you have any more questions, please ask. This year will be momentous for our school, and I hope you are proud to be a part of this new era in Magical Education.”The applause was polite, trailing off as people turned to their neighbours or leaned across the table to speak to friends.Harry’s eyes were still on Draco. He hadn’t eaten, and looked nervous again. Harry wanted to go and sit with him, but dared not right now. He wondered how long it would be until they could go.As he watched, Daphne came along, sitting right next to Draco. He slid along the seat to give her more room and she frowned, leaning over to talk to him intently. He shook his head no, and she spoke again, even more intent as she tried to convince him of something. Draco was shaking his head, looking down at his perfectly clean bowl as he refused whatever she was saying.“Don’t,” Hermione murmured as Harry moved to stand up. She was watching too. “Let him deal with her.”Harry gritted his teeth and sat down again, watching as Draco finally got through to Daphne. She huffed off and he sighed. Harry’s heart broke a little at the resigned expression on his face.“Right,” he said, “I’m done.”He stood up, meeting Draco’s eyes and raising one eyebrow before turning to walk out. He waited for nobody, though he hoped enough people would follow him. As he made it through the Entrance Hall and out into the night air, he slowed. Hermione and Ron were beside him, and they shared the kind of look that meant nobody had to say anything. Ron glanced behind him, then took Hermione’s hand and started down the steps.Draco appeared by Harry’s side, and without speaking, they moved into the shadows and into each other’s arms.“We seem to be making this a habit,” Harry murmured into Draco’s hair.“Sorry,” Draco whispered.“No,” Harry said, “Don’t be sorry.” He swallowed. “This might sound kind of weird, but I’m really proud of you.”“It was awful,” Draco whispered.“I know,” Harry said. “I wanted to be there.”“What you did before,” Draco said, his voice tight, “thank you.”“I told you,” Harry said, “we’re doing this together. I think Hermione was even more invested than me. She cast a nonverbal Repulsion Charm on Ravenclaw seats so we could still see you.”“Wow,” Draco murmured.“I know,” Harry said. “We’re never going to beat her this year.”Draco froze for a second, then started shaking. Harry pushed back, alarmed, until he could see that Draco was laughing.“It wasn’t that funny,” Harry said, though he was relieved.“I know,” Draco said, “but I thought that too.”“Fight it out for second place?” Harry said.“I think Ernie might have us both there,” Draco replied. “At least he will if he works half as hard as he’s planning on.”“True,” Harry said. “So does that mean our competition is just between us then?”“I think so,” Draco said. They eased back into their hug, holding on for ages until something drew Harry’s attention. It was Hermione’s Patronus, swirling in the air before settling to sit beside them.“Professor Weasley’s in our common room to set our timetables,” it said in her voice.Harry blinked at it, then glanced at Draco as it twisted and vanished. “He must be the new Head of Gryffindor,” Harry murmured.“Do you think he’ll do everyone’s?” Draco asked.“Have you not seen him yet?” Harry asked.“No,” Draco admitted. “I haven’t actually gone looking for him, though.”“Well, I spoke to him today,” Harry said, hoping to ease Draco’s obvious nerves. “He seemed…okay.”“Okay?” Draco said. “What does that mean?”Harry thought. “Like Neville, maybe?” he said. “As though he just wants to get on with things. I think if you’re okay with him, he’ll be okay with you.”Draco nodded slowly, his anxiety not entirely disappearing, but easing somewhat.“Should we go down?” Harry said.“Yeah,” Draco replied. He didn’t object when Harry slipped their hands together. “Do you think that’ll ever get old?”“What, seeing a Patronus used as a messenger?” Harry said.Draco nodded.“No,” Harry said. “From what I gather it’s pretty advanced magic. N.E.W.T. level, and most people don’t get theirs to be corporeal, let alone figuring out how to make it talk.”Draco nodded. “Well if anyone was going to figure it out,” he said.“Yeah,” Harry said. “Did you know she got a Protean Charm to work in fifth-year?”“A Protean Charm?” Draco repeated. “Where you get something to mirror something else?”“Yeah,” Harry said. “Ridiculous, isn’t it?”“Kind of,” Draco said. He shook his head. “She’ll be Minister for Magic one day.”“I hope not,” Harry said. When Draco looked at him in surprise, he added with a grin, “Can you imagine how insufferable she’d be?”Draco laughed at that, and it warmed Harry’s heart.“You don’t have to tell her I said that,” Harry said.Draco pulled him into a hug in the shadow of their building. “Your secrets are safe with me,” he murmured. They hugged for a little longer, then broke apart and walked slowly inside.









Chapter 28: Conflict
    




Chapter Text

“Hi, Professor,” Harry greeted Bill. He’d set up a study table like a desk, and was currently sitting with Ron.

“Hi,” Bill said. He nodded at Draco, who returned the action. “I’ll be with you two in a minute.”

Harry nodded as Bill turned back to his brother. It didn’t take long; from what Harry could tell, it was pretty much ‘you passed these O.W.L.s,’ and assuming everyone was doing the same subjects, it was as simple as tapping the parchment to enrol them in each class.

He took a minute to duck down to the kitchens via the Floo, returning with a plate of eclairs for he and Draco to share. Pastries were fast becoming their comfort food, he realised as they both fell on the plate with appetites.

“Okay, Harry,” Bill said, as Ron stood up, holding his timetable in one hand. Harry nodded, finishing his mouthful before taking Ron’s seat opposite Bill.

“Okay, so what were you taking in sixth-year?” Bill asked.

“Potions, Transfiguration, Defence Against the Dark Arts, Charms, Herbology,” Harry recited.

Bill nodded. “A pretty standard set,” he noted. He glanced at Harry. “You’ll need top marks in all of these if you want to train as an Auror,” he added.

Harry shrugged. “I don’t know what I want to do,” he said, deliberately not meeting Bill’s eyes.

“Okay,” Bill said with surprise. “Well, if you pass these you should have a pretty good range of options. Obviously the better your marks, the more choice you have.” He pulled a blank timetable close and tapped it. Harry’s name appeared at the top, and the squares filled in with his classes. It was alarmingly full; even his periods without classes were listed as study periods.

“I know,” Harry said. “Thanks.”

“If you have any questions, let me know,” Bill said. He gave a wry grin. “Apparently I’m Head of House now.”

“Have you chosen a Quidditch captain yet?” Harry asked, tucking his timetable in his robes.

“Minerva had some ideas about that,” Bill said, “and we agreed Demelza Robins would be a good choice.”

Harry nodded. “She’s a chaser, right?” he said. “Good evasive skills.”

“Yes,” Bill nodded. “Pity you won’t be trying out.”

“Hermione would have my head,” Harry said, “and more importantly, my broomstick.”

“She’s very focussed,” Bill agreed.

“You don’t have to tell me,” Harry said, grinning. He glanced over to where Draco and Ron were talking about something to do with Ron’s timetable. “Are you seeing everyone, or just the Gryffindors?”

“Everyone,” Bill replied. He raised his voice a little. “I’m ready for you Malfoy.”

Draco looked up. He traded places with Harry, who watched apprehensively as he and Bill started talking in low voices.

“He’ll be fine,” Ron said. “This timetable, though,” he waved one hand at it rolling his eyes.

“What are you talking about?” Harry said. “You’re only taking four subjects!” He pulled out his own, identical to Ron’s but for the addition of Potions class.

“Yeah, but Bill’s told me I have to come and see him for tutoring,” Ron grumbled, his ears going pink. “As if I won’t be getting enough of that from Hermione every second of the day.”

Harry looked at him. “I bet you five Galleons your Mum made him promise,” he said.

Ron looked at him. “What?”

“Come on, your Mum is worried about you, and she knows Bill’s going to be here. I bet you she made Bill promise to keep an eye on you. See how you’re going. It probably doesn’t have anything to do with your grades,” Harry said. “Although it could be good to have one-on-one tutoring.”

Ron looked at him thoughtfully. “Yeah,” he said. “That makes sense, actually.”

Harry shrugged. Before they could keep talking, Draco came over to join them, and Bill said, “Well, that’s everyone.”

“Have Padma and Terry come in?” Harry asked, looking around.

“Yeah,” Ron said. “They came down before you. Bill saw them and they went into the dorms.”

“Right,” Harry said. Harry felt bad he hadn’t even noticed either of them at the Feast; he’d been too focussed on Draco and Daphne.

“I’ll see you all tomorrow,” Bill said. He took a handful of Floo powder, calling, “My office!” before disappearing in a puff of green smoke.

“You have your timetables?” Hermione asked from behind them.

“Yes,” Harry and Draco replied at the same time. They handed them over without her having to ask.

“They’ll all be the same, except for the extra classes,” Hermione said briskly. “It’s good that we have our study periods together…Ron, what’s this?”

Ron sighed and buried his face in his hands. “Bill’s making him have tutoring while we have Potions,” Harry explained.

Hermione looked startled. “Oh,” she said. “Right then. Well, we all have this block together, which is good. Maybe we can use the Room of Requirement to practice practical skills.”

“Or sleep,” Ron muttered.

“No,” Hermione said severely. “This year is important…”

“I know, I know,” Ron said, cutting her off. “I was just joking, Hermione.”

She huffed off, sitting down to copy her timetable into her diary. As soon as the diary opened it started chirping bright motivational phrases.

“Do it today, or tomorrow you’ll pay!” it said cheerily.

“Oh for Merlin’s sake,” Ron muttered. He snatched up his timetable and stalked into the boys’ dormitory.

“I think we’ll head for bed,” Harry said tactfully. “See you for breakfast?”

“Yes,” Hermione said distractedly.

Harry and Draco picked up their timetables and followed Ron. Terry was there, his bed the last remaining one. Harry noticed immediately that both Ernie and Justin had removed the four poster additions to their beds; perhaps the story about Daphne doing the same made them realise how petty it made them appear.

“Hi Terry,” Harry said to him. “How’s things?”

“Fine,” Terry replied. “Good to be back. My Mum’s been banging on about me returning, but I told her I’m of age now, and I wanted to be here.”

“Yeah,” Harry said. “I think there’re a few people in the same boat.”

Draco hadn’t spoken, but remained a couple of steps behind Harry; Harry wondered if he’d have to say something, but Terry looked at him for a few seconds before marching over and offering his hand.

“Terry Boot,” he said. “You’re Malfoy, right?”

“Yes,” Draco said, shaking hands automatically.

“Right, well I figure this year’s going to be hard enough without all that Inter-house rubbish,” he said briskly. “I’m not a huge fan of Slytherins in general, but I reckon we can get past it.”

“Yes,” Draco said, clearly still astonished.

“Well, I’m going to bed. Big day tomorrow,” Terry said.

Draco and Harry looked at each other in silent amazement for a few minutes before separating to get ready for bed. They’d both slid into bed and Harry was just about to reach for his glasses when Draco caught his eye.

“Thank you,” he mouthed.

“Good night,” Harry replied, and took off his glasses.

+++

The next day was the usual busy-ness in the morning – checking they had everything for their classes, a quick breakfast as they were running late for their first lesson, the halls a jumble of people lost, late or otherwise not where they were meant to be.

“Merlin, everyone’s so small,” Ron muttered as they fought their way across the Entrance Hall.

“Are you still in a bad mood?” Harry asked him. “Can I remind you that you’ve started the week with a double free period?”

“Can I remind you I’ve started the week with a double study session?” Ron shot back. “With my brother.”

“Yeah well at least you have some frees in the morning,” Harry replied. “Almost all of ours are in the afternoon.”

“So you can’t do your homework last minute?” Hermione asked archly.

“Exactly,” Harry said, grinning at her then winking at Draco. “How can we copy your essays before class if our frees are in the afternoon?”

She drew herself up before realising Harry was teasing her. “Pay attention,” she said to Ron, “I’ll see you at lunch.”

“Right,” Ron said. “Wish me luck.”

“See you later,” Harry said. He looked at Draco. “Double Potions, then?”

“That would have been the worst way to start the week, before now,” Draco said. “It will be strange to be in there now.”

“We did have Slughorn in sixth-year,” Harry said.

“I wasn’t exactly paying attention that year,” Draco said, colouring.

“Fair enough,” Harry replied. They made their way to the Potions classroom along with most of the eighth-years and a dozen or so others.  He and Draco, Hermione and Ernie snagged a table together.

“A big class this year,” Professor Slughorn said. He looked far less jovial than Harry remembered, though he did nod to Harry as he entered. “Potions is not an easy course at N.E.W.T. level, and those of you who have had…interruptions to your education may need to brush up on your foundation skills. Today we’ll be preparing a potion you might remember from your fourth-year. Ease our way back into it, so to speak.”

He waved his wand, the chalkboard immediately showing the words, ‘Wit Sharpening Potion,’ and a list of ingredients and instructions.

“You may begin,” Slughorn said. “Anyone who finishes early might begin the homework, which will be due next lesson.”

“Five minutes in and there’s already homework,” Harry groaned quietly.

Draco grinned at him. “Let’s get started,” he said. Ernie and Hermione had already started pulling out ingredients, and Harry and Draco settled to the same task.

A low hum resonated through the room as people worked, but there was a lot of glancing up at him and Draco. Harry tried to ignore it, but it was hard; every time he raised his eyes someone was looking at him.

Finally, when the student at the next table almost cut his finger when staring, Harry put his pestle and mortar down.

“Can I help you with something?” he asked pointedly.

His voice wasn’t loud, but the whole classroom fell silent.

“No,” the student said. He was a Ravenclaw, and Harry didn’t recognise his face.

“Well, then,” Harry said, stepping around his table. The student shrank back and Harry had to stop himself rolling his eyes. Instead, he extended his hand. “Harry Potter.”

“Pasqual Stubbs,” he said faintly, shaking Harry’s hand.

“This is Draco Malfoy, a friend of mine,” Harry said, indicating Draco. “He’s a Slytherin but he’s not fanatical about it, so we’re getting along fine.”

The poor joke made Pasqual smile, and Harry heard a titter flow around the classroom. Out of the corner of his eye, he saw Hermione roll her eyes.

“Good, well now that we’ve got that over, shall we get back to making this potion?” Harry said. He glanced around the room, realising their little conversation was drawing attention from everyone, even Slughorn.

“Good,” Harry said when nobody replied. He returned to his own table and continued grinding his scarab beetles. Slowly, a low level of conversation returned to the room as people continued with their work – and probably discussed Harry and Pasqual’s conversation. Not that he cared; he just wanted to get on with things.

The potion didn’t take them the whole lesson, which was a relief as the homework – ‘explain the effect of leaving out each ingredient on the efficacy of this potion’ – was long and complex. Harry had started it before the lesson ended, but he was nowhere near finishing. At least his potion was the right colour, and nobody knocked his vial off the teacher’s desk; what a novel experience, he thought wryly.

“At least we have a free period now,” Draco said.

“A study period,” Hermione corrected him. “You should keep working on your essay.”

She and Ernie continued on towards History of Magic as Harry and Draco headed back to their common room. They took a few moments – or longer – lingering together under the main outside stairs on the way. It was a quiet spot once the next lesson had started, and Harry tried to take note of it. He wouldn’t object to making this a weekly occurrence.

“I didn’t see Daphne this morning,” Harry commented as they continued down to their common room. “Was she in Potions?”

“Yes,” Draco said. “Sitting right at the back with some younger Slytherins.”

“Of course,” Harry said. There was no malice in his voice; it was exactly as he thought it might be. They linked hands without realising, until Harry had to let go to open the door of their building. “We probably should keep going on that essay, you know.”

“I know,” Draco replied, then his step stuttered and he glanced back at Harry before continuing into the room. It was not empty.

“Hi Daphne,” Harry said, deliberately polite.

She looked up from her work, and there was a long second when Harry wondered what she would do. Her gaze flitted back and forth between Harry and Draco before a sneer grew across her face. She packed up her books, slamming them together before taking a handful of Floo powder.

“You need to-” Draco started, but Daphne ignored him, tossing the powder into the fireplace and calling, “Slytherin common room!”

Harry and Draco watched as she spun and disappeared.

“You heard me try to warn her, right?” Draco said immediately.

“Yep,” Harry said. “At the risk of sounding awful, at least she’s gone for a bit.”

“Yes,” Draco said.

“What did she say last night?” Harry asked as they set up their books. “She looked pretty intense.”

“Wanted me to help her get the other Slytherins to keep to themselves,” Draco said. “She’s still pretty set on the old ways.”

Harry nodded. “I can see that.”

“I hope she settles down,” Draco said. “Could be difficult if she’s like this all year.”

Harry nodded. “We could sit at the Slytherin table today,” he suggested. “I mean, check out what the others think. Maybe sway some others. Convince them to mingle.”

Draco nodded thoughtfully. “Maybe,” he said. “Let’s start on this essay first?”

“Okay,” Harry said.

They got more done than he thought they might, especially when Padma, Terry, Susan and Justin joined them.

“So Ernie and Hermione are the only ones taking History?” Susan said when they all agreed to pack it in and head up to lunch.

“Yeah,” Padma said. She’d more or less ignored Draco and Harry, which was fine with Harry, really.

“Who else is taking Astronomy?” Justin asked. “Not looking forward to midnight classes again.”

“I am,” Susan said. Terry and Padma said they were too, and Justin looked relieved not to be the only one.

“At least it won’t be just me,” Justin said. As they all entered the Great Hall, Harry said casually, “let’s sit over there today.”

He nodded to Daphne, surrounded by a small group of Slytherins at their table.

“Really?” Terry asked doubtfully.

“Yes,” Harry said. “I think Daphne is a bit reluctant to socialise with everyone and McGonagall did ask us to lead by example.”

“We could rotate,” Susan suggested.

“We don’t all have to sit together,” Justin pointed out.

“No,” Harry said, “but it would be good to at least start out like that.”

“What are we waiting for?” Hermione asked, she and Ernie coming up behind them.

“Nothing,” Harry said. “Come on.” He glanced at Ron, who nodded and led the way with him. The rest of the eighth-years followed, and Harry was glad of their support. He could see most of the student were seated in their Houses; there were a few sitting at other tables, mainly people who Harry recognised from before the beginning of term. It was beginning, he thought with relief; at least some people were willing to give it a try.

They approached the Slytherins, and Ron seated himself beside Daphne, squeezing into a gap not really big enough for him. The rest of the eighth-years joined them, slotting into spaces amongst the group chatting about their classes and passing plates of food. As they realised who was joining them, the chatter died away.

“Hiya,” Ron said to Daphne. “How was Potions?”

She looked furiously at him, then around at the rest of the group. “This is the Slytherin House table,” she said coldly. “You’re not welcome here.”

Susan and Terry looked startled and their hands paused; to Harry’s great relief, the others continued to eat as though she hadn’t spoken. The rest of the Slytherins had a range of expressions from surprised to frightened to outraged; Harry met and smiled at as many would meet his eyes.

Their whole table was silent, waiting for a response.

“Actually, the Headmistress was pretty clearly encouraging everyone to mingle,” Harry said. “And we thought we might get things started.” He smiled at the younger Slytherins. “Hiya, I’m Harry, this is Ernie, Hermione, Terry, Susan-”

Before he could finish, Daphne cut across him. “It doesn’t matter who you are. You’re not Slytherins, you’re not welcome.”

“Why?” Harry asked.

“What?” she asked.

“Why aren’t we welcome?” He pointed at Draco. “He’s a Slytherin. Draco,” he told the younger students. “Despite what you might hear, he’s not a Death Eater. He is a pure blood, in case that worries you.”

“Your family’s one of the Sacred Twenty-Eight?” a voice asked timidly.

“Yeah,” Ron said, answering for him. “So’s mine, actually, but I’m a Gryffindor so that tells you what the Sorting Hat doesn’t care about.” He frowned at Ernie. “Your family is too, right?”

Ernie nodded. “Hufflepuff,” he said through a mouthful of black pudding.

Daphne looked furious, but Harry saw several younger faces look more interested than frightened. Several were whispering amongst themselves as they looked at the older students.

“And this is Hermione,” Harry continued. “She’s Muggle-born, she got ten O.W.L.s and she’s taking nine N.E.W.T. subjects. And she’s not Slytherin, either.”

Hermione shot him a look that was half embarrassed and half exasperated. Most of the younger students looked impressed; Harry figured some didn’t care and some didn’t know what that meant. He was trying to make a point.

“Anyway,” he said, “if anyone wants to sit somewhere else, feel free. And if we’re sitting somewhere else, come join us.”

“No,” Daphne said, her voice growing shrill. “You can’t sit here!”

“We can,” Harry said, “and we will, sometimes.” He looked around at the younger students, the smallest in particular. “House pride is great, but there are good people in every House, and you won’t know who they are until you talk to them.”

Daphne looked furious. The rest of the table was silent waiting for her response, but she didn’t say anything. Instead, she picked up her plate, moving to the end of the table on her own.

“Pass me those pasties, mate?” Ron said, breaking the silence. The small Slytherin did, and though a lot of eyes ventured over to Daphne, the conversations started around them again and nobody stood to join her. Harry considered that a win, and he was proud of the rest of the eighth-years. They either ignored the Slytherins or started conversations with them, and by the time lunch ended things were far less tense. Harry doubted any of them would go out of their way to say hi, but at least they’d relaxed a little.

“That went well,” Hermione said as they walked out of the Hall.

“Yeah,” Harry said. “Not for Daphne, though,” he said. “She’s pretty set on keeping things the way they were.”

“It will take time,” Hermione told him. “And really, it might take more than a year for her. There’s a lot of years behind this, it won’t be erased in a day.”

“True,” Harry said. He sighed, then glanced at his watch. “Merlin, we’d better get up to Transfiguration.”

The entire eighth-year cohort was taking Transfiguration; the class was full, with both seventh- and sixth- year students from all four Houses taking up the rest of the desks.

Daphne and McGonagall walked in at the same time, neither looking particularly pleased. There was only one seat remaining, beside a timid looking Ravenclaw student, and she hesitated long enough for McGonagall to snap at her.

“Take a seat, Miss Greengrass.”

Harry took a deep breath, turning his attention to McGonagall. This would be a tough class, but he was determined to do well so he’d have to concentrate.










Chapter 29: Introductions (and Hope)
    




Chapter Text
By the end of the day, Harry was exhausted. Double Potions and Double Transfiguration in one day was brutal, even with a free period in between. It didn’t help that he felt like he was working at meals times too, making the effort to talk to students he didn’t know, sitting at unfamiliar tables, welcoming the Slytherins brave enough to come and sit near him. The celebrity thing was a bit annoying, but most of the students just wanted to ask questions about the school, or their classes, or some story they’d heard about Harry’s time at Hogwart’s.A couple of students wanted to know if Harry was going to try out for Quidditch. His denial was disappointing, but it did start a big spirited conversation about Quidditch in general so he could back out and concentrate on his dinner. A few people spoke to Draco, and he answered them quietly. Harry noticed a lot of apprehensive looks, and even a few that were outright hostile, and he hoped Draco didn’t see it.As they had the previous day, Harry and Draco walked out together and came together immediately in the darkness.“I like this habit,” Harry said, relaxing into Draco’s embrace. It felt like the first time for the whole day he’d really let himself relax.“Me too,” Draco murmured. His hand was swiping slowly up and down Harry’s back; it felt heavenly. They stood for ages, until the day had receded far enough for the stress to melt out of him. Draco really did have a great effect on him, Harry thought. Eventually they both eased back, smiling quietly before they turned to walk down the hill to their accommodation.The common room was surprisingly quiet; most of their year was there, set out with their textbooks. Only Daphne was absent, and that wasn’t a surprise at all.“Getting into it early,” Harry said with a grin.“Astronomy at eleven o’clock tonight,” Justin said resignedly. “Might as well get this done if we have to be up anyway.”Terry and Padma nodded. “At least it’s not midnight this year,” Padma pointed out.“Yeah,” Justin agreed. He groaned. “Definitely need more food, though.”“We just left dinner!” Hermione said.“Oh, that reminds me,” Harry said. He looked around and grinned. “Anyone want to come up to the kitchens and meet the house-elves?”“Yes!” Justin said immediately.“Be nice,” Hermione said. She hadn’t moved even as most of the others jumped up; Harry grinned as everyone reached for the Floo powder.“Remember to take an extra handful,” Harry said.“Oh, so you’ll tell everyone else,” a voice came from behind him. “So they don’t have to walk back down here.”The room froze, everyone turning to see Daphne behind them.“I tried to tell you,” Draco said. “But you didn’t listen.”She narrowed her eyes. “Yeah, right.”Draco returned her gaze. It seemed like everyone else was staying out of this as they waited for Draco to reply. He looked at her for a long second; Harry could feel himself holding his breath. Finally, Draco spoke.“We’re going to visit the kitchens,” he said calmly. “Did you want to come?”She looked at him blankly. “What?” she said.“We’re going to visit the kitchens,” Draco repeated himself. “If you ask nicely, the house-elves will-”“No,” Daphne said. “No, I’m not going to visit the kitchens.” She flounced into the girls’ dormitory and slammed the door.Nobody moved for a second.“Alright, does everyone have two handfuls?” Harry asked. A general murmur of ascent and he nodded. “Let’s go, then.”Draco led the way, Harry going last; he glanced at Hermione as he went. “Do you want anything?” he asked her.“No thank you,” she said absently.He grinned before stepping into the fireplace. The rest of the group was standing in the kitchen, various levels of astonishment on their face and a collection of house-elves beaming up at them.“Hi,” Harry said. He spotted Kreacher. “Hey, Kreacher.”“Master Potter,” Kreacher croaked. “You have brought your friends to visit us.”“Yeah,” Harry said. “You know Ron and Draco,” they nodded at Kreacher, “and this is the rest of the eighth-year students.”“Most of them,” Ron added.“Anyway, Justin wanted to come and meet you,” Harry said. He nodded at Justin.“Um, yeah,” Justin said. “Hi, Kreacher.”“Mister Justin,” Kreacher replied. “Can I get you something to eat?”“Yeah, that’d be great. Um, thanks,” he said. Several house-elves scurried off, returning a few moments later with an enormous platter of pastries.“Wow!” Justin breathed. “That’s…wow, thanks!”The others looked impressed, each stepping forward to introduce themselves to Kreacher, who greeted them all in his croaky voice. Everyone took their fill of pastries and returned to the eighth-year common room, leaving Harry the last wizard there.“Thanks, Kreacher,” Harry said. He’d declined anything to eat but sat on one of the small stools. “So you’re the new caretaker?”“Yes,” Kreacher said. “Mistress McGonagall knew Kreacher used to run the house at Grimmauld Place and she thought Kreacher might like a challenge.”“And you’re happy to do it?” Harry asked.“Kreacher is looking forward to it,” he said. He leaned forward, saying quietly, “If Master Harry doesn’t mind Kreacher saying so, the last caretaker was somewhat lax in his cleaning regimen.”Harry nodded seriously. “I’m sure you’ll have it up to scratch soon,” he said. “I’m glad you’re happy.”He said his farewell and took the Floo back to the common room. A few people had gone while he’d been lagging, and he took the seat beside Ron on the sofa.“How was it with Bill this morning?” he asked.“Don’t ask,” Ron groaned. “The school work wasn’t too bad, he wanted to know what I knew about the N.E.W.T. curriculum already, but then he went on and on about Mum.”“Ouch,” Harry winced.“Yeah,” Ron said. “I can’t believe I want to actually have school work to do so we don’t have to talk about Mum anymore.”Harry grinned at him. “Well, it’ll happen,” he said. “Tomorrow, probably.”“Speaking of which,” Ron said, heaving himself up, “I’m off to bed.”“Me too,” Harry said. Ron headed over and spoke quietly to Hermione before dropping a kiss on her mouth.The dormitory was quiet, and Harry quietly got ready, sliding into bed and off to sleep almost immediately.+++The rest of the week passed quickly; Harry couldn’t believe how fast they fell into the routine of school once again. Classes were hard, homework was plentiful and there were precious few moments spare, but he loved it. Loved the structure, the lack of life-threatening stress, the camaraderie that had developed between the eighth-year students. They weren’t all super close, and he definitely noticed that not everyone spoke to Draco much (or at all), but with one exception, they’d all obviously decided to put old feelings aside for this year at least. There were good-natured disagreements, but it was more often about Quidditch or the best way to avoid Peeves than anything more serious.Except for Daphne.She was still determined not to spend a second more than necessary with anyone outside her own House. Given that many of the younger Slytherin students were prepared to at least have conversations with people that sat at their tables, it left her with precious few people to talk to. Harry was relieved she seemed to have resigned herself to the Slytherin table hosting other students regularly, and she’d stopped trying to make them leave.He suspected she and McGonagall had been late that first Transfiguration lesson because she’d gone to complain about the eighth-years coming to sit at that table, but there was no way to prove it, and in the end, it didn’t really matter. She sat at one end with the few like-minded students, and the rest of the Slytherins sat at the other end. Harry made a point of joining them at least once a day, usually with Draco and Ron in tow, and Hermione if she wasn’t working through lunch. Some of the Slytherins were obviously nervous about his presence, but he just carried on his usual conversations with whomever would talk to him, even if that was the other eighth-years. It was about acclimatising them to having other people there, and showing the rest that they could come over and talk without getting Hexed.One lunchtime Harry was sitting with the Slytherins talking about Quidditch – a mutually agreed safe subject – and a couple of younger Gryffindors came to join them. He looked over, raising an eyebrow as they made themselves comfortable.“We heard you talking about the Cannons,” one said seriously, “and honestly, we can’t believe you think they’ll beat Appleby this season.”“You’re kidding,” one of the Slytherins, a girl with hair red enough to be a Weasley, said. “You’re an Appleby supporter?”“Of course,” the Gryffindor said, his friend nodding as he poured pumpkin juice. They started a deep discussion about the merits of various combinations of Beaters, and Harry grinned to himself. Quidditch was the perfect topic, he thought. Glancing up the table, he could see Daphne looking furious. He looked away, not wanting to antagonise her, but she stalked up to them anyway.“I hope you don’t think you’ll be playing Quidditch for Slytherin if you’re prepared to talk to him,” she snapped at the red-headed Slytherin and pointing at the Gryffindor she was talking to.“I do actually,” the girl said immediately. “I’m an excellent Seeker.”Her confidence was amazing, Harry thought. He nodded to her in acknowledgement. “Better than Draco?” he asked seriously.“Not yet,” she shot back, “but I’m only a third-year.”Harry couldn’t help it; that kind of attitude was so perfectly Slytherin that he laughed out loud. “Brilliant,” he said, grinning at her.Daphne snorted.“If she really is that good,” Harry said to her, “Your captain’ll have to be a fool not to pick her.” He looked at Daphne. “Are you playing this year?”“No,” she bit out. “I don’t play Quidditch.”“Well then what’s the problem?” Harry asked. “You want the best team, don’t you?”“The best Slytherin team,” she corrected him. “Loyal to our House!”“We are,” the red-head said. “We’re loyal Slytherins! Besides,” she added, “it doesn’t say anything about having to be nasty to be loyal to Slytherin.”Daphne’s mouth dropped open. “We are the best House!” she said. “The pureblood House!”“I’m Muggle-born,” the girl shrugged. “And he’s not,” she pointed at Ron. “So how does that work?”Daphne shot daggers at her before turning to leave.“Are you really Muggle-born?” Harry asked her, impressed with how she’d stood up to Daphne.“Half-and-half,” she shrugged, “but they always said it was just as bad.”Harry nodded. He knew some people were pretty fanatical when it came to it.“I’m Gloria Swansong,” she said.“Levi Holmes,” the Gryffindor boy said. “And this is Paul Abbott.”“Hannah’s brother?” Harry asked without thinking.“Yes,” he said quietly. “She…didn’t make it through the Battle.”“I’m sorry,” Harry said, wincing at his own faux pas. He glanced at his watch. “I’d better go,” he said. “Double Defence this afternoon.”“Awesome,” Levi said. “Professor Weasley’s brilliant.”Ron grinned. “Not if he’s your brother,” he said, and left.“Seriously?” Paul asked Harry.“Seriously,” Harry said, winking at him.“Good luck for tryouts,” he told Gloria. “I’d offer you tips but I don’t think the Gryffindors would be too pleased.”“Do you think…would Draco fly with me if I asked?” she said tentatively. “I know you’re friends.”Harry shrugged. “I’ll ask him to find you at dinner,” he said.“Thanks!” Gloria said brightly.Things were going pretty well, overall, Harry thought to himself. Things were certainly easier than he’d thought they could be. He and Draco were still going smoothly, finding a few moments after dinner to themselves, and sometimes a little longer if the weather was good or they had a slightly smaller mountain of homework. They’d pick the day they both had a double free after lunch and pack a picnic, flying up to their spot together. When the weather was bad, they’d go up to the Room of Requirement instead. The afternoon always started with some fairly serious snogging – and usually more – before they inevitably fell to something competitive. Practicing their defensive spells, transfiguring things, chasing a Snitch if one of them had brought one. Hermione was never pleased with them when they returned, but Harry simply raised one eyebrow, not even having to speak to point out that she and Ron were known to disappear some evenings for a suspiciously long time.









Chapter 30: Intimacy
    




Chapter Text
Draco and Gloria ended up flying together a few times, and Harry was pleased to see someone willing to befriend Draco so readily, even if it was a little self-serving. She didn’t blink an eye when it was clear Harry and Draco were seeing each other, either. There were a few student couples, but from what Harry could see, they tended to be heterosexual and within the same House. He actually figured more people would have a problem with he and Draco being an Inter-house couple. Either way, enough people knew and didn’t seem to care, which made him feel more relaxed, anyway.Most of the reaction they garnered was of the whispers and subtle stares, and Harry was well used to dealing with that. He couldn’t tell if it was directed at him, at Draco, or at the pair of them together, but it didn’t really matter. Nobody was bold enough to come up and say anything, and he was hardly going to approach people who were too cowardly to speak their minds. When they sat with students at mealtimes people spoke to them readily enough – with the exception of Daphne and her cohort, but the rest of the eighth-years had more or less given up on her by the time All-Hallow’s-Eve loomed anyway.“I think I was most worried about meal times,” Draco mused one day. They were lying in one of the beanbags in the Room of Requirement. Harry was absentmindedly stroking Draco’s hair, enjoying being close. The air in here was still and quiet; they’d told the Room they wanted to be alone. The weeks of school were starting to wear on them both, and neither even attempted to practice before the beanbags appeared and they toppled in there together.“What about meal times?” Harry asked.Draco was silent for a few moments before saying, “I didn’t want to sit by myself. I thought it might make me a target. And if everyone has to be there, you can’t escape.”Harry nodded. “I know what you mean. If you’ve been avoiding people, they know they’ll be able to find you at meal times.” He felt Draco nod against his chest and they lapsed into silence for a few moments.“Sometimes I forget how difficult school must have been for you,” Draco admitted. “I was pretty wrapped up in myself for the first few years. Fairly convinced how important I was.”“Brainwashed,” Harry said.“Perhaps,” Draco allowed. “But you were, well, you know the name. And my father was hardly empathetic to your enmity with…Him.” Draco still rarely said the name, if ever. Harry wondered briefly if he’d even been allowed to say it in his house, or if it was enough to say, ‘Him’, with significance. There surely wouldn’t have been anyone else considered as important.“Yes,” Harry said. He hesitated, but since Draco had brought it up… “Do you know what’s happening? With your father?”Draco stiffened, and Harry wondered for a moment if he might not answer. It would be okay if he didn’t, Harry told himself. There were still things he hadn’t broached with Draco. Close as they’d become, as much as Harry treasured their relationship, the things in his past could be…complicated. Big.And Draco was the same.Harry waited patiently, enjoying the quiet as they breathed together. When Draco spoke it was a surprise.“He died last week,” Draco said quietly.Harry’s hand stuttered as he processed the news. “What?” he said. He turned to look down at Draco, but all he could see was the top of his head. “What?”“McGonagall told me,” Draco said. “The Ministry sent an owl.”“That’s why you disappeared that afternoon,” Harry said. A flare of hurt that Draco hadn’t told him was quickly overtaken by sympathy. “I’m sorry, Draco.”Draco hummed, but didn’t say anything.“How are you?” Harry asked, feeling a little helpless. The question sounded ridiculously trite, but he wanted to know.“I don’t know,” Draco admitted. “In my mind, he was gone anyway. This is just…official.”“Yeah,” Harry said. “I’m sorry, though.”“Thanks,” Draco said. “I kind of feel like I should have mourned him more, you know? McGonagall told me she wanted to talk about that last Transfiguration essay, but when she told me the news, I just…didn’t feel anything. I went to bed, pretended to be ill.” He shrugged. “I just slept. Then I woke up the next day, and it was like it hadn’t really happened.”Harry nodded. “I wish you had told me,” he said quietly. “I mean, I’m not cross, or anything, just…I wish you’d told me.”“You couldn’t have done anything,” Draco replied. He turned his head up to look at Harry. “And I didn’t see you until the next day…and it was over by then. I just wanted to get on with things.”Harry nodded again, trying to reconcile that. “Okay,” he said, though he didn’t entirely mean it.Draco was looking at him though, and Harry knew he could see the half-truth. “I’m sorry,” he said. “I wasn’t meaning to shut you out.”“I know,” Harry said.They lay in silence again for a long while before Harry said, “I want to ask about your mother, but I know you and she were closer. So I’d like to hear if you want to tell me, but if it’s too painful you don’t have to.”Draco didn’t speak immediately. Finally, he said, “I haven’t heard anything. So I don’t know.” He took a deep breath. “I do know they planned to let the Dementors…” he couldn’t finish the sentence, but Harry knew. There was only one thing the Dementors did, and it wasn’t good. “I don’t know if…yet…” Draco trailed off again.Harry nodded. “Do you…want to know?”Draco shrugged, but his, “No,” was forced, and Harry held him tighter, knowing the conversation had turned a corner into ‘too difficult.’A few moments later, he added, “McGonagall asked if things were okay. With the other students.”“What did you tell her?” Harry said.“The truth,” Draco said. “There’s rumours, whispers. The others,” Harry knew he meant the eighth-years to whom they spoke, “hear things. But nothing’s actually happened.”Harry nodded. That sounded about right to him. “What did she say?” he said.“To let her know if we hear anything,” he said.Harry nodded. “And is that okay?” he asked carefully.“Yeah,” Draco replied. “I don’t want to make a big deal of it, you know?”“Yeah,” Harry replied, “I absolutely do.”Draco turned suddenly, surprising Harry with a kiss.When it broke, Harry blinked, his glasses smudged and askew. “What was that for?” he said.“Thank you,” Draco said. “For understanding.”Harry’s heart expanded. Draco’s eyes were soft on his, and the trust and affection were overwhelming. Harry opened his mouth to say, 'You’re welcome,' but to his dismay, his brain supplied, “I love you.”Draco froze. “What?” he said blankly.Harry opened his mouth, feeling panic rise in him. What should he say? The words were true, but he’d been suppressing them for a while and feeling them in his own mouth was alarming, to say the least. Looking at Draco, he could see shock and disbelief.Disbelief?“Of course I do,” Harry said. The right response had come to him as soon as he recognised that disbelief in Draco. Did he really think Harry might not feel that way?“Really?” Draco said.“Really,” Harry said. He wanted to make light of his question, but it was a serious one so he asked quietly, “I get the impression not too many people have told you they love you.”Draco shook his head, eyes still locked to Harry’s. His cheeks had flushed at the admission.“Me either,” Harry whispered. He took Draco’s hand in his. “So it’s as weird to say it as it must be to hear it.” He smiled. “I didn’t actually plant to tell you right now,” he admitted. “And I don’t expect you to say anything that’s not true, or that you’re not comfortable with.”Draco nodded. He frowned. “I think my mother might be the only person I’ve ever heard that from,” he said quietly. “And not very often.”Harry nodded. Draco lay down again, and in the end they fell asleep lying together in the beanbags.The last things Harry thought were polar opposites, but mingled together in his mind.
I really do love him.

If anyone bullies him I’ll Splinch them myself.










Chapter 31: Confrontation
    




Chapter Text
It wasn’t until almost All-Hallow’s-Eve Harry actually heard it.Walking from the Transfiguration classroom one day, there was some muttering behind Harry. He was sure the phrase ‘Death Eater’ was mentioned, but Draco didn’t stop, so he didn’t either.“Do you think Hermione’ll have that book still?” Harry asked. “The one about Metamorphmagi? This essay’s going to be a whole lot easier if we can-”Before he could continue, Harry heard the same voice as before, and this time, Draco stopped.“We don’t want Death Eaters in this school,” the voice said, stronger again. A snigger of agreement sounded, and Harry made to grab Draco’s arm, but he had already turned around, face set as he met his accuser.It was a student he didn’t know; from his robes he was a Gryffindor, but Harry rarely spent time in the common room this year.“What’s your name?” Harry asked him evenly, sliding closer to Draco.“Andrew Spinnet,” he said without taking his eyes from Draco. “Fourth-year.”Harry nodded. He could see the resemblance, now that he knew; Alicia and Andrew had the same scowl.“There are no Death Eaters,” Draco said quietly. “Not anymore.”“You’d know,” Andrew said rudely.“Now I don’t know if you mean because I killed Voldemort,” Harry said, not caring about the ripple of shock that ran through the crowd at the name, “or because Draco’s my boyfriend, but either way, I’m damned certain there aren’t any Death Eaters anywhere anymore.”Andrew sneered, but Draco didn’t respond to him, and when the silence stretched on, he blurted, “My sister died here! Died fighting for this school, and where were you? Fighting on the other side!”Harry felt a stab of grief at the news. He hadn’t realised she died; there were so many. Glancing over, he looked at Draco, who appeared calm. Draco blinked, making sure Andrew was finished before saying calmly, “No, I wasn’t. I wasn’t fighting.”“Yeah, right,” came the reply.“He wasn’t,” Harry said, stepping closer to Draco.Andrew turned to him, and Harry raised his eyebrow as recognition came over him. “Yeah, well…everyone knows he was part of it before the Battle!” he said, changing tacks. He pointed to Draco. “Show us your arm! Everyone knows your father-”“Draco is not his father,” Harry interrupted, one hand squeezing Draco’s arm, hoping he’d restrain himself. He could feel the tense muscles underneath, but Draco didn’t speak. “And if you’d ever met Voldemort,” the usual flinch rippled through the crowd at his use of the word, “let alone Lucius Malfoy, you’d know how useless it would be to try and say no to anything either of them asked.”Harry looked at Andrew, still trying to hold onto his anger as he processed Harry’s words.“He didn’t have to do it,” Andrew said defiantly.Harry snorted, deliberately derisive. “Voldemort wasn’t big on following the law, you know,” Harry said, his tone almost conversational. “He would have Imperioused you without even thinking about it.” Harry paused. “Not that he had to.” He looked at the boy, hating that he was doing it but knowing that if he faced this one down, the story of it would get around the whole school. This was the moment he had to squash the murmurings for good. “He was evil, and worse than that, he was a brilliant wizard, and merciless, and he had a whole lot of people just like him on his side.” He stepped in closer.“How old are you?”The boy was taken aback, and Harry waited as he stuttered, “I just turned fif-fifteen.”“Fifteen,” Harry repeated. “Not of age, then. Not for a long time.”He turned to Draco, hoping he’d be forgiven for dragging him into this. “How old were you when Voldemort took over your house?”“Fourteen,” Draco whispered.“And how old were you when Voldemort gave you your first mission?”Draco swallowed, his eyes on Harry. For a second, Harry wondered if he wasn’t going to answer, but he finally said, “Fourteen.”“Fourteen,” Harry said. He turned to Andrew. “He was fourteen when the most evil and powerful wizard in the world said, ‘Hey, can you do this impossible thing for me?’”“What?” Andrew asked, forgetting his righteous anger. “What did he ask?”Harry paused. “Amongst other things,” Harry said carefully, squeezing Draco’s arm again, “he asked Draco to kill someone.”The gasp rippled around the room again. “Who?” Andrew whispered.“It doesn’t matter,” Harry said. He didn’t know if Draco realised this. “But I was there, when Draco came to do it. I was there when he couldn’t do it,” he could feel Draco’s eyes on him, but he held Andrew’s gaze, “and I was there when the person he came to kill forgave him for his actions.”The space was entirely silent.“Why?” Andrew asked.To Harry’s astonishment, he felt Draco shift.“Because he was a better man than I was,” Draco said. His voice was quiet and shaking. “He was a better man than Voldemort – and he knew I had no choice when Voldemort came to live in my house, no choice when they did this to me,” he raised his sleeve, the angry patch of scar tissue displayed for all to see. Andrew paled at the sight.Draco went on, “but he gave me a choice, and I…I took it.” His voice shook. “He offered to help me, to go against Voldemort for me.” He swallowed hard. “Even after I went there to kill him.”The space was silent again, and Harry wondered if Draco could go on.“And you can see how much I wanted to keep the Mark,” Draco said finally, his voice stronger as he waved his damaged arm at Andrew. “See how happy I was they held me down to put it on me.” He looked at Andrew, saying quietly, “What would you do, if someone threatened your mother, Andrew? What would you agree to do to stop them torturing her?” He looked at him, then whispered, “I would have done anything to save her. I agreed to kill someone.”The hall was completely silent.There was a sound, though…something high and musical, something that eased the pain in Harry’s heart at hearing Draco’s story.Harry blinked. The sound was familiar – where had he heard that before? It was haunting but defiant, something that had echoed around the Chamber of Secrets…“Fawkes?” Harry gasped as a flash of gold and scarlet swooped through the corridor. It landed on Draco’s shoulder, and Fawkes bent his head to Harry in a kind of understated nod.“What…” someone muttered.Andrew stepped back, eyes wide, and Harry saw the same expression around the crowd of students. “Is that a phoenix?” he whispered.“That’s Dumbledore’s phoenix,” Harry said, his throat thickening as he realised it. He looked at Draco, the realisation of why Fawkes might have appeared slowly coming to him. He bit his lip, not wanting to say it here, but knowing.Harry turned to Andrew, looking at him calmly. “I’m pretty sure you could go now,” he said. “And I don’t think you need to talk to us again.”Andrew swallowed hard, glanced at the phoenix again, then backed away, nodding.Harry raised his voice to the rest of the crowd. The murmuring had died down and he was fairly sure most people had heard what he said, but he wanted to be sure. “Draco is as welcome here as anyone,” Harry said, his voice broaching no argument. “The Headmistress made that pretty clear, I think, but if anyone wants to argue about it again,” he glanced at Draco, “you’re welcome to challenge me. I haven’t duelled in a while, but I think I remember how it’s done.”The silence was total, only the soft clicking of Fawkes’ beak sounding in the hall, and Harry wondered how many people here had seen his last duel, a single spell cast in the first light of day, right here in this castle.“Good,” Harry said, looking around at pale and shocked faces. “Now I rather think it’s time for lunch, don’t you?”After a pause, the crowd dispersed, hushed whispers the only noise until Harry and Draco were the only two standing in the hall.“What the hell was that?” Draco asked, peering at Fawkes. The phoenix tilted its head to him, singing softly.“I think,” Harry said, “this is Fawkes.” The bird nodded at him, its eyes calm as they looked at Harry.“Did you say it was Dumbledore’s?” Draco whispered.Harry nodded. “Nobody’s seen him since the funeral,” he said. “I thought he might have died.”“But why has he come back now?” Draco asked.“They’re loyal,” Harry murmured. “Fawkes came to help me once, and Dumbledore said I must have shown great loyalty to him for Fawkes to appear.”“But I didn’t say anything about Dumbledore,” Draco said.“Yes you did,” Harry replied, gently stroking the feathers on Fawkes’ neck. “You didn’t have to name him for Fawkes to know.” He felt tears threatening.Draco raised his left hand to brush Fawkes’ feathers, and the phoenix let out a quiet cry. He tilted his head, pressing it to Draco’s upheld wrist. It took a moment before the tears came, but they did come, thick and pearly, running down Draco’s arm, soaking into the scar tissue covering his forearm. From what Harry could see, nothing huge happened; the scar faded a little until it was less angry, but Draco’s whole body shiver was enough to tell him that something was happening. They stood there for a few moments, each petting the phoenix, until it lifted its head and sang a single long mournful note.“Thanks, Fawkes,” Harry said quietly. “It was good to see you.”“Thank you,” Draco added. They watched the phoenix fly up towards the roof, and just as Harry thought he was going to bump into the stone there was a flash of fire and the bird was gone.“Wow,” Draco said. He blinked, then looked down, fingertips running over his scar. The colour had faded even more, and though it was still ropy and gnarled the redness was gone. Draco’s forearm was as pale as the rest of him.“What happened?” Harry asked. “It’s still there.”“It doesn’t hurt,” Draco whispered. “It doesn’t feel like anything.”“Nothing?” Harry asked.“No,” Draco replied, watching as Harry’s fingers tentatively touched the skin. “Wow, that’s incredible.”“A gift,” Harry murmured.“Was that true?” Draco said. “What you said before. Were you really there?”“Up at Dumbledore’s tower?” Harry said, glancing around to be sure they really were alone. “Yeah…that’s why you Disarmed him.” He swallowed. “He cast a spell to protect me instead of defending himself.”Draco stared at him. “So you saw it all,” he said, mouth twisted.“Yes,” Harry said. “I saw you not kill him. I saw him try to help you.” He stepped closer. “I saw you not kill him.”“I couldn’t save him,” Draco whispered. He was shaking, his fingers letting the sleeve drop, covering his scar.“He was already dying,” Harry said. He frowned. “Haven’t you heard the story?”“What story?” Draco said.Harry blinked at him. “Snape killed Dumbledore,” he said, the statement still pulling at his heart.“I know,” Draco replied, his voice agonised.“But…have you read the Daily Prophet at all?” Harry asked. From what Neville said, the whole story had been splashed around, and probably a bunch of conjecture, but they certainly would have reported what Harry said at the end, right before that last duel ended everything.“No,” Draco said. “Why would I?”Harry stared at him, trying to condense it into as few words as possible. “Look, it’s a long story, and I’ll tell you it all, but…Snape was working for Dumbledore. They’d worked out that if Snape killed Dumbledore the power of the Elder Wand would be broken. Dumbledore was already dying.”Draco looked at him in disbelief. “Snape was working for Dumbledore?” he whispered. “Harry…I don’t understand.”Harry sighed. It was going to be a long afternoon, and moreover, Hermione would kill them for skivving off their classes, but this was more important.“Let’s get some food, and I’ll tell you everything,” he said.Draco nodded. They joined hands, and after a brief stop at the kitchens, made it to the Room of Requirement.“Okay,” Harry said. “Here’s what happened.”He took a deep breath. There were a few things he left out – details that weren’t relevant to Draco’s story, things that still felt private – but by the time he’d spoken for an hour, Draco knew almost everything about Snape and Voldemort, Harry’s mother and how her death had kept him alive in more ways than one.Draco was staring into space. “So he actually had a reason for not liking you,” he murmured. “I always wondered.”“Me too,” Harry said wryly. “It made it easy to believe he was on Voldemort’s side.”“Yes,” Draco replied. He was still staring into space, but suddenly looked back at Harry. “I think I need…I need to think. On my own…would that…”“Sure,” Harry said. “I should probably go see Bill.” He winced. “Don’t think he’ll be too happy we skipped Defence Against the Dark Arts.”“No,” Draco replied quietly.“I’ll get the homework,” Harry told him. “See you at dinner?”“See you at dinner,” Draco agreed.Harry checked his watch as he left, realising he could make it to Potions pretty much on time before going to see Bill. Slughorn wasn’t too happy when he walked in a couple of minutes late, but fortunately they were working on a practice exam so Harry didn’t have to worry about hurrying through to make a potion.“Where were you?” Hermione hissed at Harry. “And where’s Draco?”“Long story,” Harry muttered, taking out his quill. “Tell you later.”“Hey Harry,” Ernie said from the other side, “is it true a phoenix came to you and Draco before lunch?”Harry sighed. “Yes,” he said, “and if you don’t ask me again in this class, I’ll tell you later, okay?”Ernie nodded, and Harry turned to his practice exam. He really did need to concentrate if he was going to pass his N.E.W.T.s, let alone with decent marks.
Question 1. Outline the potential difficulties that might arise when brewing Polyjuice Potion.
Harry grinned. At least that was something he knew already.When Ernie cornered him after class, Harry gave him the shortest possible explanation for the phoenix as he stuffed Draco’s copy of the practice paper in his bag. He thought Ernie probably had more questions but he made apologies and escaped instead to find Bill. While the gossip mill had worked against him generally in the past, this time he was relieved that Bill had already heard about the phoenix.“I just needed to stay with Draco,” Harry said. “I’m sorry, Professor.”Bill rolled his eyes at Harry, flashing the half smile for which he was known. “I will never get used to that, Harry,” he said quietly. He waved his wand and handed him a roll of parchment. “Here’s two copies of the notes from today. I’d tell you to practice producing a Patronus, but I’m not sure that’s necessary.”Relief flowed through Harry. Of all the things for him to miss, the first lesson on Patronuses was the best possible outcome.“Thanks, Professor.”“I should be thanking you,” Bill said. “Couldn’t believe how many N.E.W.T. students can produce a corporeal Patronus on their first try.”“I have no idea what you’re talking about,” Harry said with a grin. “Thanks again.”“See you tomorrow,” Bill said, and Harry left, hoping to find Draco before the evening meal.He frowned in the hallway, uncertain where to start. Draco had said, ‘see you at dinner,’ but they had half an hour and Harry was too anxious to wait. He decided to send his book bag down to the building, Charming it to fly itself down and land on his bed. Looking around, Harry made a plan. He headed down to the kitchens; they’d missed lunch, after all, and Draco had barely eaten a thing.“Yes, Master Harry,” a small elf squeaked when he asked. “It was a long time ago though, before we started preparing dinner.”The kitchen was bustling, and Harry realised they were almost ready to send the food upstairs.“Thanks,” he said. “Sorry, this is probably a really bad time.”“Never such a thing, Master Harry,” the elf beamed.Harry grinned at her, unable to stop in the face of such simple happiness. He assumed Draco wouldn’t have returned to the Room; it was hardly private anymore, unless he’d specifically asked it to be so. Where would he go if he wanted to…“Of course,” Harry breathed. Without another thought, he ran outside, Summoning his broom as soon as he was outside. It arrived and he jumped on, racing out towards the Quidditch pitch. If he wanted to get out to somewhere where nobody would hassle him, flying was the perfect solution. And Harry knew Draco in this respect; he’d lose track of time, staying out until it was dark.Harry worried about him.As he approached the Quidditch pitch, Harry rose higher, scanning the space for Draco. It was a clear afternoon but the light was just starting to fade. His eyes were still good, and he spotted the small figure darting in and out of the stands, the pattern familiar as one of the many training drills they’d practiced together.Harry dove, aiming to be visible. He didn’t want to startle Draco, just let him know he was here. He could see when Draco noticed him, sitting up on the broom and pulling back his speed, grimacing and breathing hard.“Alright?” Harry shouted.“Yeah,” Draco replied. He looked exhausted, Harry thought, and he’d been out without his equipment. “Shouldn’t you be in class?”“Class is over,” Harry said. “Almost time for dinner.”Draco was quiet for moment as they swooped around the pitch, slowly losing altitude as they flew together. “You came looking for me,” he said. “I said I’d meet you at dinner.”They landed finally, walking slowly across the pitch.“I was worried,” Harry admitted. “If it was me I’d lose track of time.”Draco nodded. “Thank you,” he replied. They walked together up towards the common room, and as they got closer, Draco asked, “Do they…what…did anything else happen?”“No,” Harry said. “Practice paper in Potions, and we missed the start of Patronuses in Defence Against the Dark Arts.”“Really?” Draco asked. “Well that’s good news.”“Yes,” Harry said.“How are you?” he asked tentatively.Draco shrugged, looking at the ground. “It was a lot to take in,” he said quietly.“I’m sorry,” Harry said. “I didn’t mean to drop all that on you.”“No,” Draco replied. He frowned. “It changes things. How I feel about things. About what happened in…with Dumbledore.”Harry nodded. “Well, if you want to talk about it,” he said, “I’m here.”“Thank you,” Draco said, stepping in for a hug.









Chapter 32: Culmination
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
“I can’t believe it’s All-Hallow’s-Eve already,” Hermione said. She was sitting amongst her usual flurry of books and papers, the last one still studying. Everyone else had gone to get ready for the celebration. “I’m not quite up to date with the study schedule I planned at the beginning of the year.”She looked stressed, even by her standards. Harry knew (partly from Ron, who grumbled that she was never available any more, partly from the Astronomy students, who found her awake when they came in from their late night lessons) that she was pushing herself hard to keep up. with her ambitious schedule. While he wanted to ask if she’d considering slowing down, he knew there was no point. At least this was their last year; she could take a break after exams, if she needed to.That’s what she’d tell him, so he didn’t even try.Instead, Harry grinned at her. “I’d try and convince you how amazing you are, Hermione, but there’s not much point.”Hermione rolled her eyes at him, but he could tell she was pleased. Draco shifted next to Harry, buttoning the last button on his formal tunic. He looked good, Harry thought, affection flowing through him as it did so often now. Draco hadn’t said, ‘I love you,’ but Harry was coming to realise he didn’t need to hear the words, not really. He could see Draco’s care and affection every day and that was more important than words.Right now, he was smiling at Harry, his high-necked tunic finally done. He raised an eyebrow, then said, “Hermione, don’t forget McGonagall told us this is mandatory.”Harry could see her grinding her teeth, one hand stroking the front of the Arithmancy book she had been reading. “I know,” she said eventually. “I’m coming.”“We can wait for you,” Harry said. He glanced at his watch. “You’ve got ten minutes.”She frowned at him, then shut the book with a snap and stood up. “Fine,” she said, and stalked back into her dorm to change.“She’s not happy with us,” Draco murmured. He was standing quite close to Harry, their sleeves brushing as they both watched Hermione go.“No,” Harry replied, “but better that than McGonagall having to come down here and drag her up there.” He reached down to take Draco’s hand, their fingers lacing with the ease of practice.“True,” Draco replied. He tugged at his collar. “I wish we didn’t have to wear formalwear tonight.”“At least McGonagall agreed not to make us sit at our House tables,” Harry pointed out. “I think the Inter-house relations thing has worked better than she thought it might.”“All thanks to us,” Ernie said, stepping out of his dorm. Most of the others followed, and Susan and Padma appeared from the girls’ dormitory too. “I’d say we’ve talked to almost every student in the school, between us.”“Yeah,” Draco said. “That idea of Susan’s to have a buffet was a stroke of genius.”“Thank you,” Susan said. She turned to Harry and said, “Hermione’s almost ready.”“Okay,” Harry replied. “Thanks.”They made small talk, wondering who the ‘special guests’ might be that McGonagall had hinted at the previous evening. It sounded like a lot of extra people, and Harry wondered how the Hall would accommodate them all. Everyone seemed to have an idea, from overseas students to the Minister for Magic to family members, but nobody really knew. It was a safe topic for them to all talk about. While the tension between Daphne and the rest of the year level was palpable and clear, the smaller awkwardnesses between the rest of them went unspoken. It was mostly other students avoiding Draco, although Harry knew his relationship with Justin and Padma wasn’t entirely easy. He was polite to everyone and tried to make sure he included people when suggesting a walk down to Hogsmeade or offering to pick up supplies while he was there. Whether or not they took him up on it was their problem.As long as there were no open hostilities, he was happy, and things appeared to be a long way from that.A few moments later Hermione appeared, and they all made their way up to the Great Hall together. Daphne was conspicuously absent, and Harry wondered if she would come at all, and what McGonagall would do about it – but that was all. It wasn't his concern. They entered the castle to be greeted by a wall of sound – talking and laughing and music, and their group scattered, absorbed into the crowd immediately. It was a riot of colour – despite the ‘formalwear’ dress code, many students had opted for dress robes, and where the party spilled out into the Entrance Hall it was like walking through a rainbow.“This looks good,” Harry said. He could see tonnes of people mingling; he wondered how many would have done so without McGonagall’s directive. Probably none. He nodded at quite a few people, including the Gryffindor Quidditch Captain, Demelza Robins. They’d had a few conversations about strategy and the like, and he could see her being a very good leader this year. Not that they had a hope of beating Ravenclaw, who's team of Chasers were phenomenal, but in a year or two, they would be contenders.It was strange to think he wouldn’t be here to see it.He and Draco made their way into the Great Hall, fighting against just about everyone who wanted to stop and say hi. They were semi-famous, as much for their regimen of sitting at various tables and talking at mealtimes as for what had happened earlier, and everyone seemed to want a second of their time. He was gratified to see how many included Draco in their greetings, and felt Draco’s hand sneak into his and squeeze.“Harry!” Ron said, appearing out of the crowd. He was wearing the robes the twins had bought him a few years earlier, and Hermione was clutching his hand, probably to be sure they weren’t separated. “Guess who’s here?”“Who?” Harry said.“Mum and Dad have come down!” he said happily. “They said with Fleur coming to see Bill she could use the help with the kids, and they wanted to see me and Bill, too.”Harry nodded, his brain freezing for a moment. What would Molly say about Draco being here? Even more alarming, what would she say about he and Draco dating? Everybody seemed to think it was better not to have told her, but right now Harry was thinking a little time for her to get used to the idea might have been good. He vividly remembered the Howler she sent Ron after they crashed the car in second year.“Where?” Harry asked. He glanced at Hermione, who also looked tense at the news, though she was trying to smile.“Over there,” Ron said. “She wants to see you.”Harry nodded, squeezing Draco’s hand. Everyone in the conversation knew the ‘you’ Ron referred to did not include Draco. He turned to Draco, leaning in to murmur, “Let’s get something to eat first.”Draco nodded. They made their way to the buffet, filling their plates and finding seats at one of the many small tables scattered around this end of the Great Hall. Draco didn’t eat much, and Harry wanted to ask him what he was nervous about, but this was hardly the place for it. Ron and Hermione were deep in conversation about something, ignoring their plates as they spoke.“Hey, Draco,” a voice said, and Gloria dropped into the seat beside him, her plate piled high. “Harry.”“Hi Gloria,” Harry said.Levi and Paul arrived too, pulling chairs over to make space. They nodded at both Harry and Draco before falling on their plates like starving men.“We’ll see you guys later,” Ron said suddenly, he and Hermione jumping up and disappearing into the crowd.Harry and Draco exchanged amused looks. He had a very good idea what they might be doing – but his mind did not need to linger on that. He turned to Gloria instead.“You guys have started hanging out,” Harry said.“Yeah, once you get past the terrible Quidditch opinions, they’re okay,” Gloria grinned.“Oi!” Levi said indignantly through a mouthful of potato salad.“And we manage to ignore the fact that she’s,” Paul looked around dramatically, “a Slytherin.”“Yeah, I know,” Harry said, grinning at Draco. “You kind of forget about it, don’t you?”Draco rolled his eyes dramatically. “They won’t be laughing when Slytherin wins the Quidditch Cup this year,” he said to Gloria.Harry matched Draco’s eye roll with one of his own. “Not likely, Malfoy,” he said with a grin. “Have you seen Ravenclaw’s Chasers?”They chatted as they ate, until Gloria, Levi and Paul decided to find a few other friends to continue their impassioned debate about the Quidditch World Cup team for the following year.Almost as soon as their seats emptied, Hermione and Ron dropped into them. Hermione looked stunned, and Ron was holding her hand.“What happened?” Harry asked. Whatever they were doing, it wasn’t what he’d first thought.“Mum found us,” Ron said. “She was…nice.”“Nice?” Draco repeated, looking to Harry for help. He shrugged. Surely nice was good?“Nice to Hermione,” Ron translated. Harry and Draco must not have looked like they understood, because he added, “Which is a surprise because she wasn’t all that nice at the end of the summer?”“Oh!” Harry said. “Right!” He glanced at Hermione. “Well, that’s good, isn’t it?”“Yes,” Hermione said faintly. She shook herself, eyes finally focussing on Harry and Draco. “It is.” She looked at Ron. “I think she could see that Ron’s happy here.”“Yeah,” Ron agreed, glancing at Harry.Harry grinned, nodding at his friend. It was good to hear Molly had come around, although one short conversation wasn’t everything…but it was a start. And that was all they could ask for at the moment.“She still wants to see you,” Ron reminded Harry.Harry nodded, glancing around. He rested one hand on Draco’s knee for a second before leaning forward and asking quietly, “What does she know about Draco and I?”Ron glanced at Hermione, who was following the conversation. “Well, it was hard to avoid her knowing Draco’s here,” Ron started. “It seems to be one of the things people are talking about. In a general way.” He looked at Draco apologetically. “Sorry,” he said. “People aren’t angry or anything, more…interested. And from what we could hear-”“We shamelessly eavesdropped,” Hermione interjected,“-the students are pretty okay with it,” Ron finished. He hesitated. “I heard a few kids arguing with their parents when they wanted to complain to McGonagall. I think all our mingling at mealtimes has paid off.”“Right,” Harry said, “so does that mean...what does that mean?”“It means,” Hermione said, “that people just want to move on with their lives. And that at least some of the students here are willing to give people a chance.” She sighed. “It gives you hope for wizardkind, doesn’t it?”“Umm, yeah,” Ron said, rolling his eyes when Hermione couldn’t see him.“Okay,” Draco said, a note of uncertainty still in his voice.Harry nodded. That sounded okay, all things considered. “And your Mum?” he asked Ron.“She’s…surprised,” Ron said. “I wouldn’t say happy…considering everything that happened, and she’s still making a pretty close connection between…some of Draco’s relatives and,” he took a deep breath, “my brother.”Harry nodded. “So she knows about Draco and I?” he asked.“I don’t think so,” Ron said. “I was talking about Draco being here.”“Oh, okay,” Harry said, thinking. He glanced at Draco, taking a deep breath. “I should go and see her,” he told Draco quietly.“Of course,” Draco said immediately.“We’ll stay here,” Ron said. “Gotta finish eating anyway.”“Thanks,” Harry mouthed after he’d stood up. He didn’t want to leave Draco here on his own. Easier though mealtimes had been, he was still very aware of Draco's reluctance to sit alone.“They were over that way,” Ron said, pointing. “Hey, Nick! Nick!”Nearly Headless Nick was floating past, but he turned at the sound of his name. “Yes, young Weasley?” he asked.“Can you show Harry where my Mum is?” Ron asked him. “You can see over the crowd better than us.”“Certainly,” Nick beamed. He turned to scan the room before saying, “This way, Harry.”“See you soon,” Harry said to Ron, delving into the crowd to follow the outline of Nick as he floated over people. It was slow going, but he finally made it to a clear spot. Several of the small tables had been pushed together, allowing a dozen or so people to sit together.“Hi,” Harry said to the tables at large. Both Mr and Mrs. Weasley were there, along with Bill and Fleur, several children who he assumed were theirs, and to his surprise, Ginny, George and Lee Jordan. “Hi everyone.”“Harry!”There were an assortment of responses. The children barely looked up from their pudding. Bill nodded, as did Mr Weasley, and Fleur stood up to hug him. George and Lee shook his hand, and Ginny came around the table to greet him.“Hi, Harry,” she said with a small smile.“How are you?” Harry asked. “How’s the shop going?”“Well,” she told him. “We’ve brought Lee in. We’re thinking about buying out Zonko’s.”“Yeah, Ron said something about that,” Harry told her. “That’s great news.”“Thanks,” she said.Mrs. Weasley had stood up by then, coming over to hug Harry. “Hi, Mrs. Weasley.”“Hello, Harry,” she said. There was still something not quite the same about her, but the smile she gave him was genuine, even if it was not as wide as it used to be. “It’s good to see you.”“Thank you for having me over the summer,” he said. “I don’t think I really thanked you properly before I came back to Hogwart’s.”“Of course,” she said to him. “You’re always welcome at the Burrow, Harry.”He nodded.“And how’s it going this year?” she asked. “Ron seems to be happier here than I thought he would be. Never really thought he liked school, to be honest.”Harry nodded. “Everyone’s come back for different reasons,” he said carefully. “I think building some new memories is part of it. Besides, he did want to get some N.E.W.T.s.”“Well, Hermione’ll help there,” Molly said, nodding to herself. “That girl’s a good influence on my Ron.”Harry suppressed a smile. “She’s a good influence on all of us, I think,” he said. “She’s determined we’ll all get top marks this year.”“Even…” Molly swallowed. “Even Draco Malfoy?”Harry stilled, but he made himself stay calm and hold her eyes. He watched her for a moment before he answered. She looked apprehensive, he thought to himself. “Yes,” he said simply. “Even Draco.”Molly nodded. “Ron said he’s not been causing trouble,” she said. “Which is something.”“Yes,” Harry replied. “He’s a lot different than he was.”Molly nodded, and Harry waited. He wasn’t sure what she wanted to say – or hear – but the nervous energy she was giving off made it clear this was a difficult conversation. If she needed him to be patient, he could be. For this.“Well, I’m glad things are smoother this year,” Molly said finally.“Me too, Mrs. Weasley,” Harry said. Whether she’d heard about he and Draco or not, it clearly wasn’t going to be a topic of conversation today, and that was fine by him. It was enough that she was prepared to accept Draco was even at the school. It sounded like that was more than some of the other parents.“Well, I’m going to go and find the others,” Harry said. He waved around the table, accepted another hug from Mrs. Weasley, and waded back into the crowd of people. It seemed even denser than before, which was something; maybe the crowd from the Entrance Hall had come in here, but it was far too dense to find anyone.Giving up, Harry fought his way to the Entrance Hall, hoping it would be easier to breath (and think) out there. Sure enough, there were far less people out here now. It seemed the dancing was inside and this was the ‘stand and chat’ space, which was fine by Harry. He scanned the room but couldn’t see anyone he was looking for. He was about to try outside when a voice stopped him.“Mister Potter.” The Scottish lilt was unmistakable.“Yes, Headmistress?” Harry said, turning. She was resplendent in formal robes trimmed with tartan, a thistle pinned to her lapel.“I believe I saw Mister Malfoy heading outside,” she said.“Thank you,” Harry replied.“I trust things are going well?” she asked, and to Harry’s astonishment her eyes softened slightly.“They are,” he said, knowing he was flushing at the question.“Good,” she said. “It seems our efforts at integration are working much better than I had hoped so early in the academic year.”“Yes,” Harry said. “I think people are just happy to get on with things.” He shrugged, not sure how to put it into words. “All the hatred over the last years…everyone’s had enough, I think.”“I believe you are right,” McGonagall said. She paused, then added, “I thought you would like to know Kreacher is working out rather well as the Caretaker. He and Peeves have even reached a kind of understanding.”“Wow, really?” Harry said.“Really,” she replied. “I believe his magic allows him a measure of influence known only to Peeves himself…but the number of mess-related pranks have diminished sharply since he took over.”“And he’s happy?” Harry asked.“Yes, I think so,” McGonagall replied. She paused. “Not many wizards would ask that, Harry.”He shrugged. “Yeah,” he allowed. “And Neville?” he asked, more to change the subject than anything else. “If you’ll excuse the pun, he seems to be blossoming.”For a fraction of a second Harry thought he saw her smile, but it might have been his imagination.“He does, doesn’t he?” she replied. “Between you and I, Professor Sprout is considering letting him take the first- and second- year classes soon, under supervision. She was concerned he might not have the confidence to do so, but as you put it so aptly, he is blossoming in the greenhouses.”This time she definitely smiled at him, and Harry returned it. “I think I’ll go and see if I can find Draco,” Harry said. “Thanks for letting me know about Kreacher, Headmistress.”“Certainly,” she replied.Harry stepped outside, breathing fresh, cool air with relief. It had been stuffier than he realised inside, and he took a couple of moments to enjoy the quiet space before thinking. Where would Draco wait for him, assuming he had come out here?A smile broke over his face, and without hesitation Harry ran down the stairs and stepped into the shadows, blinking until one resolved from human-shaped blackness into Draco.“Hello,” he said, stepping in for a hug without another word.Draco’s arms came around him fiercely, and they held each other for a dozen long breaths before Harry spoke. “Are you okay?” he asked, pressing a kiss into Draco’s skin right where his tunic ended. “You seemed stressed tonight.”“How was it with Ron’s mother?” Draco asked.“Not bad,” Harry said. “She didn’t mention you and I, so I didn’t either. I get the impression Ron and Hermione were fairly complementary about you.”“Oh,” Draco whispered. He’d buried his face into Harry’s neck as they hugged, the warmth of his breath slipping down under his collar. “That was nice of them.”“She was happy you weren’t making trouble,” Harry said, grinning.“Well, that’s good, isn’t it?” Draco said finally. His voice was muffled, the words pressing into Harry’s skin.“It is,” Harry said. “It’s a start.”Draco nodded, but didn’t speak. Harry could feel their breathing slowly synchronising. It felt so right standing here with Draco, at Hogwart’s, the two of them in their own small bubble of the world. The sounds of the party were faint, adding to the feeling that they were miles from anyone.
I want this forever.
Harry shivered at the idea. It was the first time it had settled in his mind so clearly. He’d caught himself thinking about their future at various points, but never with such certainty. Surely, if they could get through the last few months, the rest of their lives wouldn’t be too much of a stretch. If they could generally avoid people, Draco would be far more comfortable.
Take it slow. Don’t mention this.

Remember what happened when you told him you loved him.
Right. He had to keep this for himself for a while, at least. They needed to finish their N.E.W.T.s and figure out what would come next. If they were lucky they could find something they both enjoyed, in the country where they could fly as often as they wanted and wouldn’t be hassled. They could visit Hagrid and Neville, and Ron and Hermione, even the Weasleys if they came around. Their life together could be good. Quiet, but good. After all that had happened, quiet was all Harry really wanted now.He just wanted to get on with it.“Come on,” he said to Draco, easing back and taking Draco’s hand. “Let’s go.” THE END.




Notes:

I'm going to start with a thank you, so you can skip the slightly self-indulgent bit below if you like.A huge thank you to everyone who has followed this. To everyone who was patient during that embarassingly long hiatus, I am so very grateful to you. For everyone who wrote kind comments, tactful comments, encouraging comments - you are LIFE, I adore you and your respect for the real human sitting here writing this.Saratonin in particular, you are a wonderful support and friend. <3 Well, here we are.Over 100k.Astonishing.When I started this I wasn't sure I had such a long story in me for Harry and Draco; I knew what I wanted to explore, but with so many difficult ideas to reconcile, I knew it would be difficult. Some people obviously didn't agree with the direction things moved, and made their opinions clear. I've deleted those comments now, because while I understand if you don't like what I'm writing, I will never understand being rude, nasty, or belittling the work someone does.For a long time, this story sat in limbo.This year, I was determined to finish it, and despite it flowing well as I wrote, I am still amazed I'm about to publish the last chapter. Harry and Draco still have some things to decide, some things to do, some people to (hopefully) reconnect with - but that's what life's like, and I didn't want this one to be wrapped up too perfectly.Thank you again for coming with me on this journey. <3