Chapter 1: Trolls
    




Chapter Text
  From a young age, one Harry James Potter never knew what he wanted to be when he was older. He would ponder for days on end, but it was always a question that stumped him. Especially when he was told that he would never become anything special in life by his relatives. 
 However, that attitude gradually changed for Harry after he was introduced to the wizarding world. Everything was a beautiful mystery; so new and so bright when compared to the dull and the dim nature of his life in the muggle world. Harry may have despised his role as a glorified, evil-destroying child in the Wizarding World, but he could never truly deny his dreams of creating a new life in it. So- he did. Harry made a living out of observing the very beings that scared him and endured him to this new world, magical creatures. When asked where his   fascination with creatures originated from, Harry claimed it to be when he watched the hatching of Norbert.
 That, added in with his history with dangerous creatures and his saving-people-thing, and you get a Harry Potter bent on becoming a magical zoologist. And my- how the wizarding world was scandalized when Harry Freakin’ Potter stated that he would be going into Magical Zoology. With one Loony Luna Lovegood, they formed a partnership based around their similarly zany friendship. Regarding Luna, she had a strange knack for finding creatures in increasingly bewildering places. She would often ring up Harry, like she did this very day: ”Oh watcher Harry,” her dreamy voice would float through his cheap muggle phone, ”I seem to have come upon a river troll, right by the River Thames.” Harry, now hurriedly changing into his work uniform, could catch the sounds of large portions of stone colliding with a magical shield.
 ”Oh goodness Luna,” Harry would often exclaim in an exasperated voice, followed by the question of, ”Coordinates?” While Luna answered, Harry would definitely make sure that he had his wand on him (totally not because of that one time he had to bodily hurl himself at a rampaginng Murtlap in Wales).  She typically laughed out something like, ”The perfect place for a picnic Harry;  51.5009° N, 0.0348° E.” With that, Luna blew Harry a raspberry and hung up, leaving Harry to apparate.
 Getting to the given location, Harry ran down a trail towards Luna with a simple Point-Me spell. Once Harry spotted them, he instinctively came to a halt at the impressive sight of the twelve and a half foot tall River Troll. It’s hairy purple body glimmered in the sunlight, water still cascading down it’s back from where it came from. Observing the heavy ward that Luna had put over the fight to keep muggles away and to keep the creature in; Harry (being keyed into the ward) walked through it and pulled out a calming draught from his fanny pack. He spelled the draught into the creatures stomach. A move that was very practiced, a tad iffy, but made their job easier when dealing with very large creatyres. 

 The Elder Wand thrummed in his gloved hand as Harry sprinted over to Luna. Once behind her shield, they breathlessly observed the calmed creature. ”Okay,” Harry ran his hand through his hair as they watched the creature sit down. ”What happened to set it off?” He asked Luna while his eyes checked her over for any wounds.
 ”Well, due to all of the commotion from the muggles and her possible pregnancy,” Luna began, easily showing Harry a wound on her arm and allowed him to heal it. ”Our lovely lady was territorial and mighty mad when she sensed another magical being near her part of the river,” Luna concluded, patting Harry’s arm in a sign of thanks. Harry frowned slightly, ”Seems to be a trend with a majority of the creatures we have dealt with,” he sighed in frustration, watching the female troll stare up at the sky. ”I guess another creature in the reservation?” Harry looked to Luna for any other ideas, knowing that the troll needed to be relocated as soon as possible. 
 Luna nodded, her face beaming with joy at the thought of the reservation they made to temporarily/permanently place the creatures that they encountered. She lowered her shield, keeping her wand at the ready as they slowly approached the troll. The dark purple creature continued to gaze peacefully at the clouds, her large hands wrapped around her stomach in a relaxed position. Harry slowly levitated her into the air while Luna conjured up some rope to make sure that the creature didn't lash out at them. 
 With both of them focused on the behemoth of a mother, they startled at the sound of a loud growl. Luna quickly finished tying up their lady troll and quickly stuck the emergency portkey that would bring her to the reservation onto her furry skin.  Not having to hold the creature that they had been dealing with, Harry now turned his wand on the medium-sized troll now ascending from the river. Luna and Harry could both see that this creature was a juvenile male troll. Specifically from the distinctive lack of muscle that the female troll had on her body. ”Looks like mummy was also protecting her children, ” Harry muttered, putting his hand on Luna’s forearm in a habitual hold. ”Now it’s upon poor Jimmy to hold up the house, ” Luna joked, easily bringing both of them away from the angered troll with non-threatening strides back. Harry gave a small chuckle, ignoring how the Elder Wand positively vibrated with the sight of a possible battle. They both hoped that the six-foot-tall troll would be cowed by the smell of two powerful magical beings. But he was apparently made of stronger stuff, as the troll heaved up a large rock and hurled it at them. 
 ”Blimey!” Harry yelled as they both ducked and the rock hit the ward, falling to the ground a few meters behind them. Luna erected her signature shield, and they began to try to come up with a plan while they were showered with rocks and boulders. ”Bloody hell,” Harry fumed as he scratched at his brow and thought on how to take down the creature without significantly hurting it. ”Any other sort of beastie, and we could get this settled easily,” he huffed, getting a similar huff in agreement. Observing Luna’s condition, and how the creature was moving, Harry was struck with an idea. ”Okay,” he turned to Luna, garnering some of her attention, ”I’m going to go out there, levitate a rock, and bonk him on the head.” 
 Luna rolled her eyes and sighed in exasperation, ”There is a chance that you’ll be crushed by a rock,” she warned him. Harry shrugged while adjusting his dragon-hide jacket and gloves in a subconscious nervous tick, mentally preparing himself. ”All right,” he breathed out, and flashed Luna a charming smile. ”See you later, you Wrackspurt-infested twat,” Luna retorted with a similar grin. Harry braced himself, and casted a Notice-Me-Not spell on himself. Harry then easily levitated a medium sized rock and aimed it right at the male river trolls head. He found such a maneuver to be not that different from levitating a club. 
 From there, the troll was effectively knocked out. Allowing Luna to drop her shield, and to sidle up to where Harry was when he canceled his spell. Luna playfully punched Harry's arm. ”Melodramatic prat you are,” she laughed, making him chuckle. They walked over to the knocked out troll and gave him the same, gentle treatment that they did with his mother. After sticking the same portkey on the troll, Luna and Harry stood on the side of the river.
 They gazed down into it with contemplating expressions, ”I suppose a dip is in order,” Luna pondered aloud, before she casted a bubble-head charm on herself and dove into the river. Harry guffawed at the unexpected sequence, before he stripped off his jacket, casted the same spell, and dove right after her. With the ward controlling the river flow, the water was almost at a standstill. Which allowed Harry and Luna to descend down quite effectively.
 Towards the bottom of the river, they came upon a deep, underwater cave. A cave large enough to hold the two river trolls and, apparently, even more. Keeping the charms in place, despite the introduction of air, Luna and Harry surveyed the cave.  In the corner farthest from the entrance, they could see two three-feet tall trolls. One had hair that was a shade of lilac, and the other had a darker tint to their own hair. They clutched what could only be the troll equivalent of teddy bears, and stared at the two of them with wide black eyes. 
 Knowing that they couldn't understand a word that they would say, Harry and Luna simultaneously squatted down. The two pairs of species held a brief staredown before the trolls tentatively came over to them.  What could only be out of innocence and curiosity, the lilac troll toddler came over to Harry, while the other went to Luna. The two humans were both subjected to the fresh smell of water, fish, and their mummy’s own scent. When the lilac troll actually leaned against Harry's arm, he couldn’t contain his exclamations of the whole adorable situation. 
 ”They’re so precious,” he breathed out in an almost squee, looking over to Luna. He snorted quite loudly at the sight of the female baby troll attempting to feed Luna some of her boogers. Luna's pale lips were closed tightly, and her eyes shined with mirth as she gently guided the troll’s hands away from her lips. ”Let’s get them hooked up and ready to see mummy,”  Harry stated after a few minutes of letting the baby trolls settle down. Luna nodded in agreement with a smile as she conjured up a few large baby carriers. They hooked the two in, and Luna pulled out their custom-made (read expensive) portkey for the reservation. They both grabbed a part of the plush dragon toy and felt the familiar tugging sensation.
 Once the world stopped leaning to one side, they both soothed the crying babies and made their way to the enclosure that housed mummy troll and big brother troll.Seeing the two trolls resting on the grassy sides of the warded off lake, Harry and Luna cautiously slid through the wades. Making sure to keep their distance, yet stay close enough, they both unclipped the babies from the carriers and placed them on the ground. 
 As the larger trolls startled awake from the scent of their younger relatives, Harry and Luna began to backpedal away from the family reunion. Only for them to fall into a trap. Or at least, for Harry to fall into a trap. ”Holy Merlin!” Harry yelped as he fell into a deep hole. Luna’s dirty blonde hair crowded her face as she looked down at Harry in shock. ”Are you alright Harry?” She asked him in a quiet voice, her presence still unknown to the trolls after she casted a Notice-Me-Not spell. 
 Harry sat up in the pile of leaves that had fallen with him, his brows furrowing at the pain that came from his back and his head. ”Could be better,” he replied, lifting his hand to massage his throbbing head.A determined expression came to Luna’s fair features as she took a second to look back at the trolls. Seeing that they were relaxing by the side of the lake, Luna conjured up some climbing rope and a sturdy spike. She tied the rope around the spike, forced it into the ground, and tossed the rope down to Harry. 
 Yelping as the rope hit him in the head, Luna muttered out a sorry as she tugged on the rope. ”Coming down, ” she called softly as she descended into the eight-foot hole. ”Merlin, it smells like a shithole down here,” Harry bit out, rubbing his head.Luna made a grossed out expression, but didn't comment for Harry's sake. Once she was level with Harry, Luna grabbed his arm, and got him settled for appearing to St. Mungo’s. 
 ”Alrighty,” she blew out a breath before she transported away from the hole and to St. Mungo’s.









Chapter 2: Paging Healer Malfoy
    


Notes:
Hope you guys enjoy this chapter! :)It was pretty fun to make.




Chapter Text
Draco Malfoy loved and hated his job. He loved helping people and he loved proving people wrong. He was a spiteful person by nature, so turning people’s worlds upside down was very satisfying to him.
He just didn’t like the paperwork really, and the awkward conversations that came about in between treating patients. He found many surprising allies in his field of work, especially when he showed that he was actually decent at healing and brewing potions when there was a sudden shortage.But when Draco headed into a room that was given to a patient with an emergency portkey, he immediately wished that he wasn't a healer. He forcefully controlled his emotions at the doorway, subconsciously checking to see if all of his hair was tied back as to ground himself. Schooling his facial features to be as professional as they typically were and he knocked on the doorframe.
”Hello, Mr. Potter, Ms. Lovegood,” Draco greeted in a polite voice once they looked towards him with shocked expressions. “What seems to be the problem today?” He asked as he went to the sink, washed his hands, and pulled on a pair of gloves and picked up the clipboard on the counter. Luna gave him a smile and related every single detail of what occurred to bring Harry to the poop-covered, dazed, and injured state that he was in now. Draco was slightly impressed with the pair, but only jotted down the important details. His steely eyes scanned Harry’s dirty and tensed condition while Luna finished up the story. Draco could barely hide the grimace that came with his patient's stench.
”As procedure calls, I'll need to cast a cleansing charm and a diagnostic spell on you, Mr. Potter,” Draco explained in a calm voice, knowing that most did not trust him without knowing what he was doing. ”So you don't like my new colon-gne?” Harry asked Draco in a deadpan voice, his face serious. Draco snorted bemusedly, a smirk coming to his lips as he clutched his clipboard to his chest and shook his head. Luna suddenly groaned after a few moments, placing her head in her hands while Harry smirked.
”Colon-gne?” She muttered in a heartbroken voice, looking into Harry’s smug face with devastated eyes. Draco cleared his throat, ”As much as I would love to hear this quarrel go down, ” Draco gave both of them a pointed look, ”We must see what is wrong first.” Harry and Luna nodded, though Draco could see that Harry was much more relaxed than how he was before the puns came out. He unsheathed his wand from its holder that was hooked over his uniform. ”I’ll be casting the cleansing charm first,” he informed the other man, habitually watching for any sudden aggression.
Harry shuffled uncomfortably, but ultimately forced himself relaxed against the cushioned exam table. Flashing Draco a thumbs-up. Draco gave a huff and a small smile at the childish gesture, before swiftly going through the motions of the spell easily. Without the outrageous smell of scat in the room, Draco did the same thing for the standard diagnostic spell. Waiting for a list compiled with the diagnosis to pop out of the tip of his wand, Draco braced himself for the inevitable small talk that was to come.
Surprisingly, Luna was the one to initiate it instead of Harry. ”So Draco, how have things been since the trials?” Luna inquired in a polite tone, her hand resting on Harry’s arm in a calming gesture that didn't go unnoticed by Draco. Crossing his arms and leaning against the sink with a sigh, he said, ”Well enough I suppose,” he flashed a tired smile. ”My mother is still alive, and I've been able to get a job after my house arrest- so I'm happy,” he informed them modestly.
He didn't clamor over himself to thank Harry, especially since he had done that before and immediately after the trials had ended. Draco and his mother had been able to get off with little punishment, while Lucius had been sent to Azkaban to recieve The Kiss. Draco and Narcissa had been able to avoid such a sentence due to the fact that they had stated under veritaserum that they hadn’t taken part in any Death Eater ambushes, and had evidence that they had been forced to comply through force and fear. ”How is Narcissa?” Harry asked, startling Draco with his sincerity and overall non-threatening tone. Draco gave a small smile, ”She’s been well,” he told Harry, holding his inquiring gaze with fairly warm eyes. Feeling like he could part with the information, he added, ”She’s been seeing a mind healer to deal with the stress and trauma.”
Luna and Harry nodded in understanding, both having a good idea of what could have happened to her and Draco during the time in which the Death Eater’s operated out of Malfoy Manor.”And you?” Luna asked in a gentle voice, causing Draco to pierce his lips at such a delicate topic. Before he could reply, his wand shot out the paper detailing Harry’s condition. He habitually sheathed his wand and busied himself with looking over the diagnosis. Effectively avoiding answering the question.
He hummed in consideration, ”Nothing too bad, typical injuries for falling down less than a story, ” he informed the pair. ”You have managed to come out with a mild concussion and some bruising to your spine, ” he informed Harry with a calm tone. Harry’s brows furrowed as he brought a hand to the back of his head, ”Yeah, I think I remember hitting my head off of a rock or something, ” he admitted. He felt slightly stupid for not bringing it up sooner since he could faintly recall blacking out at some point and feeling abnormally dizzy after portkeying to the hospital.
Draco nodded while he jotted this information down, ”For your spine, I’ll be prescribing you a bruise salve, which should help with any aches, ” he informed Harry, before tapping his pen against his lips in thought. ”Did you black out or feel nauseous after falling down the hole, Mr. Potter?” Draco asked him seriously, internally smirking at how an uncomfortable grimace came to Harry’s face at Draco's new use of his last name. ”Yeah to both questions, ” he groaned out in embarrassment, knowing that he would hear it from Ron and Hermione. Motherhens, the both of them. Draco nodded to himself and went to write more notes, ”I’ll need to cast a more specific diagnostic spell targeting any neurological injuries as to determine what dosage you’d need for the Wiggenweld Potion.”
He easily explained to his patient. Harry gave a relaxed nod and watched as Draco unsheathed his wand once more. Harry observed the complicated wand-motions that Draco performed, and saw a piece of paper pop out of the tip of his wand. Swiftly catching it, Draco read the information expertly before nodding. “You’ll be needing a fairly strong dosage, though Healer Abbott will be able to take care of it,” Draco told them. He collected all of his notes and diagnosis and expertly folded them into a crane. He taped the top of the notes, and it flew off to Healer Abbott’s desk.
Draco turned towards the two and clapped his hands, ”Alright, may I escort you both to Ms. Abbott’s desk to pick up your prescriptions?” He offered politely. Harry and Luna shared a bemused look before nodding, and Harry hopped down from the table.  Luna curled her hand around Harry’s forearm as to steady him, and they walked steadily behind Draco. Draco expertly guided them around the bustling hospital, before coming to an open door. He knocked on the frame, catching Hannah Abbott’s attention from where she was browsing the rows of potions and salves.
She gave him a sly smile when she caught the view of Luna and Harry behind him. “Why hello Healer Malfoy,” she drawled out in a dull voice, “Coming to pick up some drugs?” She joked, making Draco roll his eyes at the inside joke. He walked up to the counter and momentarily leaned against it like a punk, ”Indeed I am Healer Abbott, ” he agreed, giving her a small rueful smile in return as he straightened out. Hannah happily handed over the two requested items before grabbing a paper butterfly and going back to work. Taking the standard paperwork that was required, Draco scribbled his signature and turned towards the two with the paper bags.
Luna took the bags of medicine with one hand, glanced at Harry, before boldly stating, ”I think we all need to book a brunch together sometime.” Draco quirked a brow down at her, his posture slightly tense as he fiddled with the lordship ring on his hand. Draco analyzing her and Harry’s overall non-threatening actions and politeness throughout the appointment. 

 ”I don't see why not, ” he gave as confirmation, ”I have this upcoming Friday off, ” Draco informed them, really not used to going out since he had become a healer. ”Brill, we can meet at this wonderful muggle café I frequent, ” Luna practically vibrated with joy, while Harry blinked at Luna in shock. ”Blimey, ” he muttered to himself in a resigned voice, allowing himself to be dragged by Luna through the hospital as Draco guided them to the nearest apparition site.
Harry grumpily tuned Luna out as she babbled to Draco about other creatures that they’ve encountered, successfully drawing the healer into talking comfortably with her. Harry was slightly irritated that Luna had made plans for them without asking him if he even wanted to catch up with Draco. He sighed it off, knowing that Luna always had a method to her madness. Harry subtly side-eyed Draco, observing his animated gestures and quite handsome features. ’It could be fun, ’ he grudgingly thought to himself, ’Getting to know this Draco.’
Draco’s timbre voice broke through Harry’s thoughts, ”Well, it's been a blast guys, but here we are, ” he chuckled, gesturing awkwardly to the apparition room, ”Let’s just hope I don't see the both of you guys here too soon, yeah?” He gave them both a charming smile before he hustled away, mentally kicking his ass for the cringy line.
Luna lead Harry into the room, but before she could actually apparate away, Harry gave her arm a pinch. She pinched him back with a huff, before giving him her attention. ”Brill Draco, let's go have a brunch, ” He mimicked her voice, making it annoyingly shrill and horribly girly. Luna had the audacity to cackle and wink at him, before she apparated them away with a pop.









Chapter 3: Annoying Hermione
    


Notes:
Wowie, another chapter!Sorry for the two year hiatus !! That was definitely not planned OAO Thing's have been super busy on my end, but hopefully I'll be able to post and update stories more now that I have more time and will power. :/if you're still reading this from when I first posted this story, THANK YOU!! I appreciate your interest in my writing, and hope any new readers enjoy my work as well. :))




Chapter Text
 When one learns that their loved one as fallen ill or been injured, most would agree that the first feelings that they experience would have to be concern and fear for the well-being of said relative, friend, or romantic interest. This is partially true for one Hermione Granger-Weasley. For context, Hermione can be a very calculated and bookish person. Throughout her childhood and most of her adulthood she has craved knowledge and has been determined to better herself and those around her-- I mean, not just anyone decides to study to become a transfiguration teacher right after graduating from Hogwarts. Back to the point, Hermione is often labeled as a motherhen for her good life decision skills and her habit for looking after others. She cares deeply about her friends, to the point that she often made it an established point that they can always come to her for any problem, no matter how big or small it may seem.Being so trusted by her friends and just about anyone else in her life, Hermione is often placed as the emergency floo number for when her friends get injured. Being friends with Harry Potter, she had expected to get called maybe twice a month before she knew that he planned on going into Magical Zoology. Now, several years after Harry, Ron, and herself have landed their dream jobs, she is often forced to ignore any floo calls that contain "Harry" and "Saint Mungos" in the same sentence. Especially given how many essays had been damaged in her early years as a Professor from when the burst of flames made her jostle her cup of heavily caffeinated tea all over the barely legible parchment papers.Seeing as she was in the middle of a class with bored looking fourth years, she was startled when her bestest friend in the whole Wizarding World, Harry Potter, came storming right into her classroom. The heavy wooden door slammed against the stone-wall with a resounding thud, making every single student startle and swivel in their seats to see who had entered the room. Turning her head from the chalkboard, her hand halted the horrible drawing that she had been creating for the complicated wand movement she had been prattling about. Hermione narrowed her eyes at the disoriented and annoyed look on Harry's face, though she felt her face traitorously soften at the obvious, "i-just-handled-a-beast-that-absolutely-fucked-me-over" look of his clothes. I mean, a skewed robe and obviously spell cleaned appearance would make anyone hesitate giving that person a scolding.Hermione huffed, putting the piece of chalk down, "All right everyone, please open your textbooks to page 580 and take notes and answer the questions on sections one and two while I handle Mr. Potter for a few moments," she ordered in a no-nonsense tone, deciding to have her students work on their homework while she dealt with Harry. Brushing her hands off, Hermione gestured for Harry to follow her to her privacy-warded desk. Once there, Hermione wasted no time in running a diagnostic spell on him.Harry grumbled as she lectured him on working, apparating, and walking around with a recent concussion, " 'Mione that's the least of my worries, I swear," he tried to explain, grimacing as she rolled her dark brown eyes and crossed her arms sternly. "So why, pray tell, did you disrupt my class if it wasn't to tell me that you were injured Harry James Potter?" Hermione asked him in an exasperated yet stern voice, even though she had been hiding the fact that she was secretly relieved that he had interrupted the last few minutes of her final lesson of the day.Harry, having been leaning against the desk in a gloomy manner, straightened up quite quickly under the well-perfected, no-nonsense look that Hermione had clearly gotten from Mrs. Weasley. He hummed and hawed for a few seconds before looking to the side moodily, "Luna invited Draco to brunch with us tomorrow, and knowing her she probably made it into a double date with her boytoy," Harry explained, chuckling warily when Hermione laughed outright at him.After a few giggles, Hermione quirked a saucy smile at Harry and bumped him with her shoulder, "I told you Luna likes to play matchmaker mate," she quipped at him, finally relaxing against the side of her table and tossing her bushy brown hair out of her tanned face. Harry rolled his eyes as he mirrored her relaxed posture, "I mean, she was normal at first 'Mione-- besides that prick Josh or whatever," he replied in a slightly whiny tone, grimacing at the memory of Luna trying to set him up with a muggle bodybuilder as a prank.Hermione chuckled bemusedly at the thought of that story before turning her attention to her class to dismiss them when she felt her wand vibrate with the timer she set for all of her classes. The older students packed their bags, glancing at the two with barely concealed interest as they shuffled out of the room. Turning back to Harry, Hermione patted Harry's shoulder in a slightly mocking manner, "If it really gets on your nerves you should have a clear conversation with her were you tell her to stop Har'," she advised him gently, knowing how difficult it still was for Harry to stick up for himself in situations where he didn't want to be the "bad guy" (even though that's practically impossible given who Harry is).Harry's shoulders slumped and he sighed, turning his gaze to the floor, "Yeah, I guess your right," he muttered in a hushed voice as he thought about the possible awkwardness that might come with the conversation. Hermione squeezed his shoulder, "Harry, we're all old enough to understand that it's normal to ask other people to respect boundaries," she assured him, "She'll understand if you really have a problem against anything that'll make you uncomfortable, it'll be fine."Harry felt the anxiety he'd been feeling in his chest and throat all week constrict at the thought of the possible confrontation, so he decided to take a seat on Hermione's sparsely decorated hard wood desk. Despite the side-eye she gave him, he definitely made sure not to knock over the two pictures she placed by some magical plant Ron had given her earlier that week. "I've kind of been unsure this entire week about reconnecting with Draco," Harry confided in Hermione, shyly looking up at her kind, heart-shaped face with nervous eyes that portrayed the real reason behind his unannounced visit. "Ah," Hermione hummed, bringing her chalk covered hand to rub against her chin, "He must be handsome and cheeky then, huh?" Hermione mused aloud offhandedly, easily disregarding Harry's undignified yelp at the too-true comment. Hermione turned her warm brown eyes to her flustered friend and smirked at him as he tried to tell her off for trying to read his character to rashly.  "Give it a rest Harry, it's not very surprising that you could have conflicting feelings for Draco," Hermione patted his shoulder and took one of his waving hands, calmly petting it like she was trying to sooth some irritated cat. Harry huffed, although he allowed the contact easily. "Why do you think that?" He asked simply after allowing himself to calm down for a few seconds. Hermione really tried to hold her flabbergasted snort in the best she could, but she still found herself on the end of emerald daggers even as she covered her nose with her free hand. "I'm sorry, it's just," she snorted again, "Sixth year ring a bell?" Harry scoffed, easily taking his hand from Hermione as he scotched off of her desk, "I mean, yeah, that was a little obsessive," he allowed in a grudging manner, defensively placing his hands on his hips. Reading his body language, Hermione leaded forward and pushed a loose lock of black hair behind Harry's ear."It's fine Harry," she soothed him, "You've just always been clueless with romance Harry-- it's just how you've always been, so you just have to take it one step at a time like most new things," she patted his shoulder, slightly reassuring the nervous little butterflies that had been floating around Harry's stomach since Luna had mentioned the brunch date. "I suppose," he agreed as he looked at the ground contemplatively, letting out a sigh that allowed him to physically relax under Hermione's sisterly presence.Sensing the relaxed and reassured change in Harry's mood, Hermione playfully jostled the contemplative man, making him look up at her questioningly, "Why don't you come have dinner with Ron and I so that we can help give you some dating advice or something," she offered, immediately laughing at the scrunched up nose that Harry directed her at the idea of wasting all of their limited hang-out time on talking about pick-up line and the like."No thanks, 'Mione, I'm probably going to go back to my and rest up after taking care of that lot of Pixies," He grinned at her lovingly as he enveloped her into one of his predictable little hugs that he usually gave as thanks for helping him deal with something. "Thanks for the super enticing offer though," he murmured into her bushy hair with a soft voice, making a heart-warmed smile stretch across Hermione's face. "It's no problem Harry," she replied just as warmly, "Just make sure you talk with Luna about anything you're worried about, and don't be afraid to ring either Ron or me up if it goes pear-shaped," she reminded him, knowing how forgetful Harry could get with all the hustle and bustle with magical creatures.Breaking the hug, Hermione patted Harry's shoulder in a warm gesture, "Now I have to grade paper's, and as much as I love helping you deal with adulting things, I'll have to see you later before you decide to help grade papers again," she joked, recalling the last time Harry had "helped" grade paper's with a fond smile. Harry gave a little smirk, his eyes glittering with a subtle mischievous gleam that wouldn't be squashed for years to come, "I guess I'll let you off easy, especially since I disrupted your class earlier."Exchanging another warm hug, Harry blew Hermione a raspberry and practically jumped into the floo while calling out the address to his flat, the coming chat with Luna still heavy on his mind. Standing in front of the fireplace with a fond smile, Hermione watched the green flames return to normal before heading to her office and getting a cup of tea.









Chapter 4: A Surprise Encounter
    


Summary:

Harry decides to hit up a pub and is ambushed by an old classmate.



Notes:
Hey guys !!So this chapter holds a bit more world building and starts to create a timeline. I never mentioned it, but at this point most of the characters are in their mid- to late-twenties, as I made it so that most of their college degrees/apprentices took up to 4-8 years depending on their profession. So the timeline and world is slightly canon divergent since I basically took all the characters from J.K.'s meaty hands and decided to play with them. :) So yeah, I hope you guys enjoy this chapter !

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
So, the talk with Hermione went great. Harry was told to get his head out of his arse, Hermione has an excuse to drink that night, and Luna will get a talking to about boundaries. Only if things ever went that simply for Harry.You see, after Harry had talked to Hermione, he decided to go relax and get a drink at a muggle pub by himself, concussion and all. He didn't get sloshed in the slightest, but he did happen to run into Blaise Zabini, funny enough. Harry had been sitting at the bar, a pint of ale in hand, watching a game of Rugby like the other attendants in that particular pub-- it was really the most normal thing he could have probably experienced in his entire life if he were to be honest. That was until Blaise walked over and took the seat next to the Boy-Who-Lived."Fancy seeing you here, Doctor Potter," Blaise greeted him in a sly voice, his posture relaxed and his lips pulled into a smile that embodied his cool, "bad boy" demeanor. Harry on the other hand nearly spat his mouthful of ale out in surprise and jumped in his seat from the unexpected visitor. Coughing down his drink, Harry hacked into his arm before he turned to face the dark man sitting in the neighboring beaten up bar stool, said man decked out in a full Armani suit for some reason. Harry furrowed his brow in confusion at the sight of the man, "Hello Zabini, I could easily say the same to you, um, besides the Doctor thing" he replied awkwardly, having no idea why the pure-blood would ever come to a pub as muggle as the one they were sitting in now.Zabini chuckled, waving off the fascinated barmaid who seemed to be looking at Harry in concern, possibly thinking that Zabini worked in the Irish Mafia with his get-up, and was trying to intimidate him or something. Harry gave her a thumbs-up, which only made the muggle woman even more confused. Turning his attention back to Zabini, who had watched the brief interaction with a raised eyebrow, Harry shrugged and took a sip of his drink."Really, why are you here Zabini and how did you find me?" Harry asked, knowing that he had placed some of his standard anti-tracking spells that would make it hard for nosy wizards and witches to bother him. Zabini shrugged, "Draco told me about yours and Lovegood's invitation to have brunch and it made me curious," he explained, simply answering one of the questions as to get a raise out of Harry. Seeing through his shenanigans easily, Harry rolled his eyes and turned to face the black man more fully. "I'm guessing you asked Luna for my whereabouts since you two made friends in Uni?" He concluded aloud, recalling how Blaise's profession as a Potion Apprentice made it so that Harry and her shared many classes together when they went to the same private Wizarding University in London. It had been one of the only nearby schools that had provided majors and minors in Potions, Magical Zoology, and other more science-y magical professions. It had all been quite a bleeding headache in Harry's opinion, given how little the application process was discussed in school. It was even more of a headache than normal since he and Luna were practically forced to get the magical equivalent to a muggle PhD as to independently study magical creatures. All three of them had been forced to act cordially since the classes were pretty small. But that was a few years ago, and Harry wasn't looking to cross reference any papers in a dimly lit pub.Harry flipped his hair out of his face, deciding to tie it up absentmindedly. Blaise scoffed at the clear disinterest, seeming to have been right in the middle of a sentence. Harry blinked at him, unaware that he had accidentally tuned out the baritone voice of his ex-classmate-- something he had subconsciously done whenever the man would go on a tirade in their mandatory Potion Making 101 class. "Guess somethings haven't changed since Uni," Blaise muttered, making Harry blush in slight embarrassment as they both recalled one particular instance where Harry had tuned him out during a debate. "Sorry, still ditsy as I was back then mate," Harry shrugged, taking another sip of his drink and giving his attention to the Italian man once more. Blaise rolled his eyes, seeming to decide on humoring the other man in re-explaining why he was there, knowing that if he loosed his cool and walked out that Pansy would be pissed that he didn't get all of the information. "Yes it seems," he agreed bemusedly, the man intimately knowing the extent of how much of a crack-head Harry could get from sharing a tightly-knit residence hall with thin ass walls. Blaise straightened up in his burgundy seat, accidentally making it squeak against his expensive suit. "As I was saying," he began once more in a bored voice, "I had phoned Luna up to ask what the deal was, especially since Draco had canceled our weekly Brunch with Pansy and Hannah Abbott to meet with you two," he explained, looking at Harry with a raised eyebrow. Given that information, Harry raised both of his eyebrows at Blaise in surprise. "Geez Zabini, I wouldn't have the slightest clue why he would do that, I mean," Harry blushed at this point, "Luna invited him when we had to emergency portkey to Mungo's and we were both practically smothered in River Troll shite and musk," he informed Blaise, making the black man scrunch his nose in outright disgust at the mention of River Troll anything.Blaise hmmed and hawed for a few minutes, really not seeing how the blond could even think about eating with the two after smelling them covered in such putrid stench (even with it being planned a few days after the occurrence). Harry drank the rest of his pint during this silence, not really wanting to think about the embarrassing event that resulted in his concussion. "Hold up," Blaise frowned, "I think I remember Luna telling me that you got some sort concussion, why the hell are you drinking alcohol so soon?" Blaise demanded of the man, having quite a bit of common sense to know that concussions and alcohol shouldn't go together. Seeing as he had already finished his allotted, single pint of ale, he shrugged at Blaise, "I only came to have one (1) pint of ale," he replied in an off-handed manner, distractedly tracing the top of the glass pint with a finger.Blaise made a few baffled sounds, not really understanding the idiotic--yet not surprising- logic, "Potter, you really are an idiot sometimes," he stated as he shook his head, partially at his own disbelief and the man sitting next to him. Blaise really shouldn't be surprised as he could vividly remember how Harry would go ham at muggle frat parties to the point that he broke a few tables by bodily jumping on them from the top of stair-cases and other high points. "I really don't trust you to get home safe--even if it was one pint," he exclaimed, sort of outraged when Harry turned incredulous emerald eyes on him as though he just said something completely outlandish. Blaise reached into his pocket and pulled out a muggle I-Phone with an ugly Versace phone case, "I'll phone Luna if you make a fuss," under the threat of Luna's (and subsequently Hermione's) wrath, Harry rolled his eyes and gave a huff. "Whatever, can we just get back to why you decided to ambush me, please," Harry demanded, really hating how long this conversation was dragging out. At this point he would have paid for his singular pint of ale and would have been walking back to his flat, which was literally down the road from the pub, and be getting ready for bed. On the other hand, Blaise really hated how much he's had to scoff during this encounter, seeing as he scoffed in annoyance once more when faced with Potter's infamous sass. "I just wanted to know if you blackmailed him or something," Blaise decided to tell Harry outright, really not wanting to continue bantering with the man anymore than he had to.Harry gave a startled blink, "Uh, nooo?" He drew out in an bewildered tone, "Luna asked him out of nowhere, I mean-- they're like cousins or whatever, is it really surprising that she would ask him out for brunch?" Harry questioned Blaise in turn, really wishing that he could have another pint given the stupidity of the implication. Before Blaise could really reply, Harry interrupted him, "Also, Draco and I aren't really on bad terms, and like his mom and I kept in touch until last year and she'd been trying to get me to have dinner with them in almost every letter," Harry informed Blaise in a really beamused voice, his voice shaky with a held back laugh at the thought of blackmailing Malfoy to do anything now that he was an adult. Blaise blinked at that and gaped at the scruffy looking man, knowing from Draco's old rants that when Madame Malfoy tried to get people over for dinner that that usually meant she was trying to set up a Courtship between the blond and the invitee. She must have noticed that it annoyed Draco if she had been going behind his back with trying to invite Potter."Interesting," Blaise commented, placing his hand over his mouth contemplatively as he looked at the man before him with a new perspective. Harry stared back at him with a confused expression, not really sure how that information seemed to change Blaise's entire demeanor. The unruly haired man shrugged his shoulders, turning his eyes away from the darker man with a sigh, never really having ever understood Slytherins and how they seemed to operate on a different level than him. "If this interrogation is all settled, I'd like to request that I be allowed to go home now," Harry remarked in a decidedly saucy tone, really annoyed with being held up this long for a weird shovel talk/grudgingly relate-able "What do you think you're doing with my friend?" interrogation.Blaise chuckled aloud to himself, rightfully tickled at the prospect that the two sassiest men that he knew were being subtly wheedled into fancying each other. He quite liked the idea, especially given how much whinging and moaning he had had to endure from Malfoy during their Hogwarts years about Potter and how he had upset the blond any given day. Gods, the amount of hair he would have pulled if he had decided to grow it out during those years. He might as well as help do the Gods' and Goddess' work with the two women and try to get the two together. Hell, Pansy would want to be in it as well.Making up his mind, Blaise placed a warm, calloused hand on Harry's shoulder, surprising the slighter man quite considerably since he had moved his attention onto the Rugby game that was playing overhead while Blaise had stared off into space. "Let me walk you home Potter," Blaise decided to offer/demand in a warm tone, making the man give him a mutinous and confused look at the idea of being babied by someone that was around the same age as him. "God, I might as well given how much of a thorn in my side you've been," Harry grumbled as they both stood, he turned to his battered chair and slipped on his absolutely torn apart denim jacket over his crisp, white work shirt. Blaise simply wiped his pants and straightened his suit jacket, making sure not to step on any of the mushed fries that littered the musty old carpet under his Armani dress shoes as he walked alongside Harry, who really didn't care about his old, beat up Doc Martins--especially since they've seen a lot worse.They walked out of the bar and were both pleasantly cooled down by the Autumnal night air. Harry, knowing where he needed to go, basically barreled down the sidewalk, almost leaving Blaise behind if it wasn't for the taller man's long stride. Blaise observed Harry's profile in barely concealed amusement as the black-haired man grumbled and muttered in annoyance at the fact that he was allowing the other man to tag along in his walk home. Said grumbling and muttering paired with his quite hostile gait made everyone walking towards them hurriedly switch to the other side of the street, a fact that made Blaise smile ruefully. "You look, absolutely, bonkers Potter," Blaise commented offhandedly as they came to a stop at a crosswalk, chuckling at the lanky man's lack of care for what other's thought of him. Harry rolled his eyes, leaning against the nearby lamp post, "I really don't care, you've been a bugger all night and I don't really feel like walking prim and proper like you," Harry replied in a quite snotty tone, "Mr.I-wear-Armani-into-a-pub, like, what the fuck mate," Harry grumbled, gaining quite a few amused stares from the spectating muggles around them.Blaise let out a laugh, putting his hands in his pockets as they waited for the little pedestrian symbol to come up after the extended green light, "Says the man wearing a jacket that looks like it went through a wood-chipper," Blaise retorted in a light voice, actually having fun taking the piss for once tonight. Harry turned his head sharply at Blaise with a frown, "Did Luna tell you that story or something?" He asked, getting a little pissed at the notion that Luna would send Blaise to bother him AND tell Blaise about that particular accident in Wales. Blaise let out a startled laugh, almost doubling over at the waist as some of the muggles overhearing their conversation let out surprised guffaws. "Bruv, I'd love to have stories like your friends," one of the men behind them told Blaise, making Harry blush and punch the Italian man in the arm just as the pedestrian decided to blink on the monitor in front of them. Deciding to get hit by a car to escape the man, Harry stomped his way down the street without waiting to see if any cars would turn last minute. Unfortunately, he didn't make much leeway as Blaise easily caught up with him again with a shit-eating grin plastered on his handsome face.After walking in silence for a few seconds, Blaise nudged the man, "Luna didn't say anything about that, I just made joke, obviously," he informed him, knowing that Harry would probably act pissy towards Luna if he didn't say anything. Harry gave Blaise a brief smile in acknowledgement, glad that he wouldn't have to confront Luna about the previously assumed betrayal of the story as well as the whole brunch tomorrow morning. "You're still annoying though," Harry told him while getting his atrociously decked out lanyard out from his jacket pocket, really not wanting Blaise to decide to be his friend after tonight. Blaise shrugged in reply, a smirk falling onto his lips as they began to slow down in front of a nice looking apartment complex, the thought of torturing Harry by being his friend very much resting in the forefront of his mind.Once on the concrete steps, Harry fumbled around with the cat-tail whip that was his lanyard as he attempted to find the key for the main entrance. Blaise watched in amusement from the side, leaning against the railing in a lazy but dignified manner. "That looks like something they'd beat that Christmas guy with," Blaise commented, making Harry chuckle while he continued to fiddle with it for a few more minutes, just not really being able to find the tiny key under all of his key chains. "Really mate, what the fuck is that?" Blaise asked more hysterically, quite confused on why someone would have so many keys and decorative figures that it would take them five minutes to find the keys to their flat. Harry found himself laughing harder at the tone that Blaise took, finding himself smiling after he found the key. Harry unlocked the door and turned to look at the loitering Italian man as to (kindly) tell him to buzz off, yet he found himself rolling his eyes when the man gave him a decidedly sultry look from his leaned position on the metal rail. "Are you going to invite me up to your flat or something, Potter?" Blaise purred, making Harry reply with an exaggerated vomiting sound, "I had been about to tell you to not make ambushing me in pubs a habit, but I really don't know how to respond to that Zabini," Harry retorted with a laugh, finding himself a little sad to end their bantering for the night. If he were to be honest, it's been quite too long since he's hung out and bantered with Fred and George. "Maybe start with thank you, and we can end the conversation with mutual good nights?" Blaise offered after taking a look at his Rolex watch and catching sight of the time.Harry nodded, shifting his weight slightly as he turned to fully face the other man, "Thank you for gracing me with your insufferable presence Zabini, I hope you have a good evening," Harry chirped in a voice he used to use on difficult customers when he worked in a tea shop, then he blew Zabini a kiss and walked into his apartment complex. Harry chuckled deeply at the sound of Blaise's laughter through the door, ignoring the nosy little stare that Janice the Lady on the First Floor gave him as she had probably only caught the tail-end of the conversation.Harry climbed the stairs leading up to his flat, taking them two at a time while ignoring the ungodly raucous that came from his lanyard. He opened his door easily by holding out the ward key he had placed somewhere on the key-chains. Once inside, Harry scrubbed his face with a heaving sigh, threw off his jacket, and accidentally knocked over a glass of water-maybe-vodka when he kicked off his untied work boots. Deciding to leave that for Morning Harry, Harry took a quick shower and promptly passed out on his bed from exhaustion.




Notes:

Lmao, I had way too much fun on this chapter (as you guys could probably tell) and had really wanted to post it as soon as I finished it, but decided to wait-ish like the little saint I am. As you all can tell my Harry is pretty bad at adulting, and he will probably remain that way for the entire story. :) I hope you guys liked this chapter as much as I liked writing it.










Chapter 5: Slightly Pear-Shaped Brunch
    


Summary:

Harry, Luna, Rolf Scamander, and Draco Malfoy all walk into a muggle cafe...



Notes:
Hello once again! *eyebrow waggle*This story is way too fun to update if I'm to be honest. I'll probably be really sad when I inevitably fall into a plot hole since I don't really plan my stories out at all. Kind of just living life on the edge of my seat while other authors know exactly how many pages their fics will be :)) lmao. Anyways, I hope you guys enjoy this chapter. : 0




Chapter Text
Draco had been really bored of his life as of late. I mean, as bored as the son of an ex-Death Eater, a St. Mungo’s healer, and the heir to a Pureblood household can get really. To put it more accurately, Draco felt like he was experiencing the same day and the same problems over and over again. He wakes up, reads the newspaper, is spat on at least once during his shift at the hospital, and heals brutal injuries that rival some of the nastiest torture devices that Medieval chaps and ladies devised. So, he was bored and wanted to do something to spice things up without it involving an hospital visit.  In conclusion, that is how he found himself sitting in an extremely comfortable booth in popular muggle cafe waiting for his cousin Luna Lovegood and his ex-rival Harry Potter to join him for Brunch.Draco was waiting patiently, his heavily caffeinated pumpkin spice mocha cappuccino keeping him awake enough to where he was sure that he wouldn’t slam his head into the table and pass out from how perpetually tired he was nowadays. He doodled absentmindedly on his napkin with his sacred Black Pen, a pen that he kept by his side at all times. Sketching a rather shaky face, Draco halted the creation of his masterpiece when he heard the airy tinkle of the bell from above the door. He looked up a little quickly, and smiled softly when he saw Luna walk in with a man that was decidedly not Harry. For starters, the man was ginger, and almost as tall as the gargantuan Ron Weasley himself— blimey, maybe it was a Weasley, he pondered to himself, mildly furrowing his eyebrows as he mentally counted how many Weasleys there were.Keeping himself from squinting too hard at the unfamiliar man, Draco waved towards Luna. She barely spared a glance towards him, so lost in her thoughts as she was prone to be. However, his wave did capture the eye of the man, who nudged Luna over to his table with an amused look on his rather long, oval shaped-face.Draco primly stood up by habit, extending his hand towards the man with a smile after hugging his cousin and introduced himself as they sat down on the light green seats. The man returned the smile and stated that his name was Rolf Scamander— definitely not a Weasley then. ”Its lovely to make your acquaintance, Rolf,” Draco told him in an honest voice, deciding to not mention anything about his father since he personally hated being lumped under his father’s name and could only assume that Rolf disliked it as well given his shy demeanor. “You as well, Draco,” Rolf agreed in his distinctly American accent, something that has piqued his interest almost immediately. Well, not as immediately as his conclusion that the two were clearly a couple and he and Harry were clearly not cause that stuck out to him quicker than an outbreak of Dragon Pox. Draco found himself curiously observing Luna's strong, yet gentle hold on the man's arm-- a hold not to different from the one he remembered seeing at a Hogwarts reunion party where Luna had put Zacharias Smith in a headlock for something. He could only hope that his suspicions that his cousin was scheming something weren't true, as Luna was one of the few extended family members that he enjoyed being around besides Teddy Lupin.Looking around in a slight daze, Luna wondered aloud, “Is Harry not here yet Draco?” Her lilting voice capturing the two men’s attention with its naturally off-beat rhythm. Draco shook his head in confusion, "I don't know why you'd think I would know, seeing as you too work together," Draco voiced his confusion bluntly, sitting up straighter as he took a sip of his coffee. Luna only sighed in reply, a response that made Draco quirk his eyebrow up at her and elicited a chuckle from Rolf. "Harry and I had a bit of a quarrel this morning, so I wasn't sure if he came earlier to call it off," Luna informed Draco in drifting tone, her free hand coming to tug at one of her atrociously large bubble-gum pink earrings in a sign of slight distress.  Draco shrugged, "Haven't seen him at all," here Draco leaned forward to look at Luna's down-cast gaze with a firm, yet worried face. "If he said anything you hurt your feelings Luna--" he began to threaten the absent man before Luna giggled and grabbed his pale, thin hands with her own spindly hands. "You don't have to hurt my business partner Draco, he just wanted to make sure I understood a few things is all," she assured her cousin easily, her smile a light little sun on her fair face. Though she quickly smirked mischeviously, "He's also a little wimp, so I'm sure I could handle him if he ever did anything, as if," she rolled her eyes, making Draco hesitantly nod in agreement as he gave her a fond lop-sided smile, his eyes flickering to Rolf to see if the man knew if the argument had really been harmless. Seeing that the ginger man seemed to be holding back a laugh, Draco settled back into his side of the booth and cradled the large, dog patterned tea cup in his hands once more.A waitress came over to the three, and took Luna and Rolf's orders-- a large Chai tea latte with extra sugar, and a fruity hibiscus tea with coconut milk respectively, as well as a large platter of orange and cranberry scones and danishes. Draco frowned at them after they ordered the scones, but told the waitress that he would like to have a full English Breakfast for himself. Not really bothering to ask them why they ordered enough pastries to feed an army, Draco turned his attention to Rolf after he heard the man clear his throat."So, Luna's told me that you work in St. Mungo's, how's that going?" He asked in a friendly manner, ruffling his hair with his free hand as he seemed to startle when looked at by Draco's sharp grey eyes. Softening a stare that he knew unsettled many, Draco smiled tiredly as he replied, "Mmm, it's honest work that's to be said," he chuckled, taking a sip of his drink as Luna gave a chuckle. She leaned towards him, her loose dirty-blonde hair drifting over the table as she smiled at him conspiratorially, "You never did finish telling me that story about the wizard who got stuck in his charmed bag," she giggled, having just remembered the story after glancing at a witch who pulled a laptop out from a tiny clutch. Draco rolled his eyes at Luna's antics as he finished his gulp of coffee, "That story isn't as exciting as she makes it seem," Draco commented when he saw Rolf's curious expression, "It was a quite simple fix really, Luna," he dismissed her raised eyebrow with his own as he smirked."I would rather hear about some of yours and Potters work stories than talk about patients," he drawled, continuing to shake his head as she pouted at him and gave him a rather shoddy attempt at puppy dog eyes. Draco scoffed at her wide eyes, "Luna, I've seen you take down beast with your hands as easily as a Body-Binding Curse, your puppy dog eyes don't work on me," he told her incredulously, and shared a smile with Rolf as he decided on ignoring his stubborn cousin. "So Rolf, what's your line of work?" Draco questioned the red-head, smirking at Luna's annoyed huff as she was promptly ignored.Rolf quirked his own fond smile at Luna's antics, a slight blush speckling his tanned cheeks as he grew excited about discussing his career. Before he could really start babbling, the waitress gave them their drinks with a smile and informed them that their food would be out in a few moments. Completely disregarded his drink in favor of talking about his profession, Rolf said, "I work as an independent Magical Zoologist, however, I merely study them, unlike Luna and Harry," Draco tilted his head in confusion at the clear distinction, "What's the difference between what you three do?" He asked, rather intrigued by the Magical Zoology field as he never really looked into it besides when they had had to learn about Creatures in Hogwarts. Rolf smiled at Luna with pride, making the fair woman blush and glance away from the other two in a bashful manner, looking back at Draco, the lanky man explained, "Luna and Harry relocate and help heal injured creatures with the reservation that they established with Minister Shacklebolt, while I'm helping continue my dad's 'field research' into creatures," Rolf disclosed in a quiet voice, knowing that while both sets of information were somewhat public knowledge, he knew well enough to not discuss Wizarding things loudly in a muggle cafe.Draco, having been focused on other matters after the trial and with getting his degree to be a healer, leaned back in slight surprise at the news. "Huh, I didn't know that it was established with the ministry, I just thought the reservation was just one of the Potter estates, uh, kind of like one of those more informal animal reservations that muggles make," he stated in slightly unsure voice as he looked at Luna curiously, having no idea what credentials you'd need to start up a reservation in either world. Luna shrugged as her light blue eyes meet his over her cup of tea, having been in the middle of cooling the beverage. "I dunno, I just let Harry deal with all of that mess," she shrugged, her voice lilting once more as she responded in an absent-minded manner, likely have been tuning the two out after Rolf looked at her. 


Draco huffed, displacing a stray piece of hair that had moved in front of his face from him fondly shaking his head at Luna. Before he could comment on her worrying lack of knowledge on her partnership or before Rolf could continue waxing about the twos work, the sight of Potter riding a red bike with a basket in the front made Draco openly gap in shock. His unfiltered expression surprised the couple in front of him, and they both hurriedly looked over their shoulders at what could have made the blond so surprised, almost bumping heads in their rush to see out of the large window. Just as this series of events happened, the waitress had walked over with their platters of food, and found herself also looking outside the window after seeing how all three were drawn by something out there. Seeing the scruffy yet handsome man locking his bike up on a post near the front of the shop, she asked all three of them, "Is that a friend of yours?"All three of them turned to face the woman, Draco snapping his mouth shut while Luna replied that, yes, they knew that homeless looking man, and no, they weren't going to need another menu as they had already ordered him something he'd want to eat. Before the amused waitress could leave, Luna asked the woman if she could grab them an iced caramel cappuccino with whipped cream. "Yep, I'll bring that right out," she jotted it down, walking away bemusedly as the previously described "homeless looking man" walked past her to the table of three in an absent-minded manner.Draco really tried to make it look like he wasn't checking the man out as he watched him walk over. Although that was kind of hard to do since it was like trying to pull your attention away from an on-fire car wreck. The dark-haired man walking towards their table was wearing ripped, acid wash jeans with a bright pullover, a paint splattered and torn to shreds denim jacket over the pullover, and old beaten doc martins. Draco had been expecting Luna's tropical bird infested button up shirt and black floor length skirt, and though Rolf was a surprise addition, his rather "Lupin-esque" get up wasn't as much as an eye sore as Harry's outfit."Hi Harry," Luna and Rolf greeted the tan brunet as he pulled a chair up to the booth, seeming to prefer sitting at the end of the marbled table. That kind of bothered Draco, since last he checked he wasn't contagious with anything. Draco kept the scoff that wanted to come out trapped within his chest as he looked at Harry with a slightly guarded look, making the brunet pause in his greetings in an half-seated position. "Oops, sorry if that was rude," Harry apologized in a croaky voice, ruffling his loose hair awkwardly, "I had kind of assumed that you wouldn't want to be squished," he explained, making Draco roll his eyes as he straightened his subconsciously hunched shoulders. "It's fine Potter, you're free to sit wherever you want," he stated in an un-bothered but rather blatantly bothered voice, disregarding the man as he took a drink out of his subtly charmed warming spelled coffee.Still trapped in that half-sitting-half-standing position with wide eyes, Harry glanced at Luna confusedly before standing up and putting the chair back from the table he had stolen it from-- the family sitting at that table still quite unsettled after the weird exchange. Without making things any more awkward, Harry just plopped himself into the booth, his shoulder slightly bonking Draco's. Weirdly warmed by the reaction, Draco shifted as Harry straightened up and muttered a quick sorry, hiding his bemused smile in the curve of his mug. "Umm, anyways, how are you guy's doing?" Harry restarted his greeting, his tanned face almost beet red after his tossed his jacket on the floor, much to the waitress' dismay. "Sorry to interrupt, but here's your drink sir," she said, handing the man the iced beverage and looking down at the jacket on the floor, "Umm, would you like me to place that on our customer rack in the back?" She asked, quite unsure why the man disregarded his jacket like that even though their floors were spotless. Looking up from his drink with confusion, Harry followed her glance and waved his hand nonchalantly, "Nah, it's fine," he assured the waitress, who just quirked an eyebrow at him and nodded her head as she walked away, already moving on to the next table in a hurry.Harry's, and subsequently Draco's, attention was drawn towards Luna as she gave a few loud giggles, her pale face growing red as she tried to stifle them with her hand, Rolf just looked amused with the whole thing. "We're just chuffed, especially after that Harry," Luna snorted, always happy when her friend acted on the weird antics that he just didn't think too much on doing. "What was that by the way?" Draco inquired confusedly, not really understanding what Harry was thinking by acting so strangely. Harry blushed as he glanced over at Draco, accidentally jostling the man as he shrugged, "I didn't want to bother the people behind us by slapping them in the head with my jacket," he explained simply, seeming to have disregarded the elaborate looking jacket stand that held the other three's jackets. When Rolf pointed towards it, Harry's face grew even redder as he told them the real reason, "I didn't have time to scorgify it after a pigeon shat on me on my bike ride here," he informed them while grabbing a plate and some scones, Luna and Rolf having already taken the danishes for themselves.Draco quirked an eyebrow at the man, "So you throw it on the floor?" He asked him, really not sure what the logic was since the man seemed to have none of it in general. Harry rolled his eyes, waiting until he finished chewing his bite of scone before answering since yes, he did have manners. "Needs to be cleaned anyways," Harry told Draco simply, before turning his eyes on Rolf. "How are the tests going with that bird-thing by the way?" Harry asked the ginger, who had been observing the two with an amused smile that mirrored the look that Luna was giving them. Rolf blinked at the abrupt change of topic, brushing the front of his green sweater vest as he finished a raspberry pastry. "She's well," he replied, "We just need to run a few obstacle tests and then Yasha can be released back to India," he told them all before he explained a bit more clearly for Draco's case, "Yasha's an Occamy who got injured by some poacher's looking to turn her and her young into some handbags, my mom and my dad stepped in before anything big could of happened," Draco quirked his eyebrow up at the idea of an old Newt Scamander and Tina Goldstein-Scamander breaking up an illegal poaching ring or something. Rolf blushed at the interest/skepticism that he could read from Draco's face, "They were on their honeymoon, and dad was able to beg mom to keep them in the barn," he explained, as if that made anything any sort of clearer to Draco.Harry, having decimated his coffee in a few gulps and eaten the whole plate (5) scones, seemed to perk up next to Draco, his hands waving in the air as the purposefully hidden location of the family of "bird-things" was revealed to him. "Rolf, you need to let me go and see them," Harry told the other young man, making the ginger groan loud enough to gain almost the entire cafe's attention. "Harry, I swear, you know my mom doesn't want you stealing my dad off again," Rolf exclaimed in exasperation, shuddering at the thought of his dad and Harry running off to save creatures again. Luna patted her boyfriend's arm in a comforting manner as she scrolled through the pink Bedazzled muggle I-Phone that she had pulled from her janky cross-body bag. "You're going to give his mum a heart condition Harry," Luna warned the brunet in an light voice, not bringing her attention from the Instagram feed that she was looking at."What happened the last time Harry and Mr. Scamander met?" Draco asked curiously before the two man could get into an intense bickering match. He forcefully hid his jump and grimace when he was suddenly pinned under the intense green and brown eyes of the two Magical Zoologists, hiding his discomfort by ruffling his chin-length hair. Both being devilishly good at reading body language noticed this reaction and subtly softened their facial expressions, Rolf leaned forward in a conspiratorial manner after seeing how they held a lot of attention from near-by muggles who had been spectating the interesting Wixen. "While I can't say much in such a setting, be assured that the two are now banned and placed under instant arrest if found in two African countries," Rolf told the platinum blond man, making him turn impossibly wide eyes on the man sitting next to him. "What the fuck, Potter?" Draco asked, totally flabbergasted on how the man could constantly get into so much trouble and still live a normal life. Harry shrugged as he blushed, plucking at a napkin as to distract himself from the other man's sharp grey eyes. "It was just a fun night out with my favorite old geezer?" He stated in an unsure voice, not really knowing how to explain everything that had taken place during that week. Rolf and Luna laughed at the simplification, while Harry looked at Draco with a bashful expression as a response to the complete befuddlement that was plastered on the blond's face. "Huh," Draco replied, gulping the rest of his drink and finishing the breakfast sandwich that he had been holding in his hand.As the brunch stretched out, Draco found himself content to just sit in the corner of that booth and observe the bickering and bantering that took place between the three, sometimes putting in his own two cents when he felt compelled to tell them how idiotic they are and how, yes, infections are deadly and can kill you, please don't be a donce. More than once, Draco had to keep himself from glancing at the brunet next to him too much in case either of the three noticed. However, Draco just felt his attention naturally attracted this man who drastically contrasted the boy he grew up with. This adult Harry was some weird series of contradictions wrapped in a little bow: he's immature yet mature, silly yet serious, open yet closed-off. Draco found himself sitting next to the most puzzling enigma and finding himself growing grudgingly fond of the man. There was something about him that made Draco want to spend more time with him despite their earlier history and attempts at bodily injuring each other.So, Draco found himself agreeing to a second brunch. More so, he found himself giving Harry a little smile when the man brought up their jointed relative Teddy Lupin. Harry had been babbling about the boy and how his muggle elementary school was holding a breakfast for his relatives. "Do you want to join Andromeda, Ted, and I?" Harry had asked in an unsure and slightly hesitant voice that almost gave Draco whiplash from the tonal difference from the previous conversations. Before he had answered, Draco had spared a glance at Rolf and Luna, who had poorly hid their interest by looking at the ceiling/their tea cups. Not seeing the harm in it, Draco decided to hash it out right there as to make sure it fit in his schedule."I'll probably be a dead-man walking then since it'll be after an all-night shift," Draco hummed in thought, his Black Pen tapping against his chin as his other hand held his jam-packed planner against the marbled table. "Same mate, those teachers get tickled every time they get to make me come in early," Harry groaned, remembering one specific conference were they had accidentally booked him after he had had to magically and surgically heal an aggressive Griffin that had been dropped on them. That had been an interesting discussion, especially since he had forgotten to put a glamour over a hoof-shaped imprint on the middle of his forehead-- a mighty hit that had jostled his protection spells enough to leave the achy imprint.After a few seconds of squinting at his schedule and contemplating the idea, Draco had told Harry that he would go. Harry had jumped in excitement, surprising Draco with the energy that came from two of his iced coffees. "Teddy's going to be so excited," Harry almost squealed with almost literal stars in his eyes, drawing the attention of the newer costumers that had settled near them in the hour and a half that they'd been hanging out at the cafe. The other three at the table found themselves chuckling at the action, although Luna made sure to get Harry to calm down as to not disturb the other costumers too much.Settling into the booth and grabbing a scone from the almost depleted platter of pastries that they had ordered after they finished the first one. "Sorry, it's just," Harry paused to find the proper word, his side pressing firmly, yet comfortably against Draco's after his excited shuffling. "Teddy gets so cute when he's happy, and he deserves to have other people in his life besides his Nan, Gramps, aunties, and uncles," he explained warmly, his caring and loving sentiment for his godson making something warm squirm in Draco's chest and his pale cheeks tint pink at the other man's tone. "I hope he'll like me," Draco found himself mumbling nervously when Harry captured his eye with a soft and warm look on his face, making that warmth in his chest almost triple in its intensity.Draco kind of wanted to kick himself when he had glanced over at Luna and Rolf and found the two of them with shit-eating grins plastered on their faces. "Uh, I mean, I really don't have much luck with little kids in the hospital," he explained in a flustered manner, "They cry when they see me," he told them with an almost pout, his face a light pink as all three looked at him now, although Harry was just confused on what the deal was. "It's alright Draco, I was scared that he wouldn't like me at first as well," Harry reassured the blond in an earnest manner, patting his shoulder sympathetically as he misjudged what had embarrassed the blond in the first place. Draco blush increased an almost unnoticeable value under the gazes and caring manner of the man sitting next to him while he looked for a way to get himself out of the compromising situation. Steeling himself for a slight lie, Draco glanced at the clock above the doorway and widened his eyes at the time. While parts of the act were exaggerated, Draco felt true dread fill him as he realized that he was going to be late for his afternoon shift if he didn't leave the group now."Shite, I forgot I was scheduled to come in tonight," Draco told the three of them as he accidentally knocked Harry's lingering hand from where it had been gently laying on his forearm, almost bonking his head on the table as he grabbed his adjustable cross-body bag from where he had placed it on the floor. Draco hurriedly stood up, almost knocking Harry over with the movement and making the man almost spiral on the tiled floor. Draco gently patted/shoved the bewildered man out of the way as he grabbed his blue Tommy Hilfiger pullover and threw it over his white t-shirt. Draco bumped into Harry again as the brunet tried to get out of the hurricane of motion that Draco became under the pressure of getting to Saint Mungo's in time."Oops, sorry Harry, I next to leave you guys like right now," he apologized, digging into his bag and pulling out a twenty-dollar bill as to pay for his food and to leave the rest for a tip. "I'll see you all later, bye," he exclaimed, ruffling Luna's bouncy-locks and jogging out of the cafe to the nearest apparition site. Harry, Luna, and Rolf stared after the blond in fascination, "Well," Rolf chuckled, "That was interesting," he smiled, finding himself pleased with the introduction to Luna's cousin as well as the subtle "Get-Draco-and-Harry-together" plan that Luna had been bouncing ideas off of him for the past month. Given his appearance and demeanor, the two wouldn't have had a clue that he had been in on the set-up, or that he had been the one to suggest the idea of meeting in a cafe.They all took out their wallets and placed a tip, arguing a little over who would pay the bill when their waitress had come over to see if they were finished. They paid for their respective meals and stood up to give warm goodbyes to each other, all happy to meet up and hang out no matter how sneaky and nefarious Harry thought the other two were acting.









Chapter 6: Reservation Hours
    


Summary:

Harry takes in an unexpected creature at the reservation



Notes:
Hey guys!!!I decided to write this chapter instead of studying for tests and working on other research papers <3 gotta love procrastination :) lolI hope you guys enjoy this chapter.




Chapter Text
After a few weeks of being forced to rest from the River Troll incident that resulted in his mild concussion, Harry was quite eager to get back to helping magical creatures in need. Especially the wild, baby thestrals that they had taken in from a witch who had been illegally hoarding them like regular animals. They were cute little things, their little glittering eyes not yet obscure and misty and their wings tiny things that they kept folded onto their back. They came up to Harry's knee, and would chatter at him expectantly  for breakfast-- which was around midnight due to their nocturnal nature. So that's how Harry found himself holding several bottles of pureed meat mixed with pig's blood and hungry little skeleton, horse-birds pawing at his legs and nipping the denim around his ankles.Harry chuckled as he made his way to a corner of the nursery reserved for the messy eaters. Since the foals sort of knew the routine, they began to settle once they realized that they weren't being ignored like they had when the witch would forget to feed them. Harry cast a spell on a majority of the bottles to hold themselves in the air for each of the babies besides one, the one that he held being reserved for a foal that had quite a few health conditions. "C'mere Ness," Harry cooed at the young thestral that was laying in the communal bedroom made up of hay and doggy-pillows, the sick creature lifted it's way too large head to blink at Harry. His heart always broke when he saw the little girl, as she had been severely malnourished from the free-feeding system and from the lack of medical knowledge that the witch had practiced. Harry gently sat by the thestral and cradled her on his lap, her back supported by the nook of his arm as he lifted her head as to examine her while he feed her. Besides giving a few weak little chirps, Ness almost instantly latched onto the bottle as to get as much as she could, her instincts still forcing her to eat quick despite the different environment.Harry gave her some reassuring cooes, doing a sort of mediocre job of imitating a mother thestral as he gently forced the young foal to slow down. Shifting the thestral slightly in his arms, Harry turned his attention to the other five to make sure no fighting was taking place despite the spells that he had ingrained into the bottles as to prevent the "alpha" sibling from bullying the others. Finding them to still be suckling away peacefully, Harry turned his attention back to the weak foal in his hands and examined her more critically with his eyes since he couldn't get his wand out.Not seeing any external bleeding that might have come with her siblings trying to hurt her or, god forbid, eat her, Harry patiently waited for the foal to finish as to run a diagnostic spell. While she was still suckling away at a relaxing pace, Harry felt a little tug on his man-bun from behind. Turning his head, Harry gave a quick cluck at the mischievous male foal who liked to chew his hair, "You know better Clarence," Harry scolded the creature, his tone making the little thing snort at him and chirp in his ear playfully. His bony head nuzzled into Harry's back in a loving manner before he plopped against Harry's side, making the man laugh at the cute display.Feeling the bottle empty, Harry pulled it from Ness' mouth and moved to take her to the more closed off area of the room as to run the spell on her without the others getting in the way. Harry walked easily through the wards, another chuckle coming as he felt Clarence and Maggie bump against the rosy-field around the table, the two way too attached to Harry and Ness to allow the both of them wander off anywhere alone. Harry gave a laugh at the furious and hair-raising squawks that came from the two as they stomped and kicked up loose dirt and hay from the floor.Harry gave Ness' horns a scratch as she looked up at him with more aware eyes, the swirl and speckles of a galaxy of white and black staring at him with a deep shyness. "Hey there girl," he murmured as he cast the spell, keeping his hands on her as to keep her grounded and calm. Seeing as this was the third check up that Harry had done on her, Luna having done several before him while he was out, Ness didn't really startle much besides a light flinch that came with her fear of magic being performed on her. Harry shushed her soothingly, petting her shiny and slightly oily skin gently as he waited for the spell to report what it found. Before it could finish all of the way, Harry felt a familiar tingle start up from the base of his spine that came from the warning spell set on the bells in the entrance of the highly-secured and spelled building.Harry tapped onto a little Bugs Bunny pin on his work lanyard that acted as a little comm and informed the newcomer that he would be with them as soon as he could, and for them to notify him if it was an emergency. Harry snickered at the little "Uhh," that came from the entrance, knowing that hearing an adults voice come from a goofy Bugs Bunny figurine was a little weird the first time. "It's not that much of an emergency," the female sounding voice on the other end informed him, their tone still slightly awkward and unsure at having to address the figure. Harry finished up treating Ness in his gentle manner, giving her heart medication and settling her in on the warded end with some hard food and water so that her siblings wouldn't disturb her until he could supervise them more.Stepping out of the cozy nursery, Harry secured the room with his wand and sling-shot his medical gloves into the near-by garbage can. He briskly walked through the open, light green hallways to the entrance and had to force himself to keep from gaping as he saw who had walked in and what animal they had with them. Harry subtly straightened himself out as he grabbed a clip-board and walked to the front of the desk, smiling at Madame Malfoy and Pansy Parkinson with a slight eye twitch that came from his, "Something crazy's about to happen," instincts. "Welcome to Lunar Sanctuary, how can I help you two ladies?" He asked them in a pleasant voice, his eyes flicking down to the ill-looking white peacock that sported a jeweled collar and a bedazzled leash.Madame gave Harry a strained smile and awkwardly tried to pat his hand through the invisibly warded field around the desk, her palm coming to rest against the dark blue shield. She widened her eyes at the shield and cleared her throat as she took her hand away and placed it on Pansy's arm for support. "Well Harry," she sighed, looking down at the sick peacock with a sad eye, "Jacques here has suddenly taken ill," she told him in a worried tone, making Harry glance at the male peacock again in worry. "Oh, has he?" Harry echoed, shuffling his papers as he turned his eyes back at Narcissia as she nodded, "Is he a muggle peacock, or does he have some magical abilities?" He asked the standard question, not wanting to accidentally put the bird in to a room that would make him worse. "He's a normal bird, however, I feel like he could have ingested something magical," she told him, somehow gracefully biting her nails in worry as she theorized about what could be harming one of her favorite birds. Harry gave an "ah," and quickly stepped around the warded desk, "We must act quickly then, or else he could quite literally implode in front of us," Harry informed them in a serious voice, ushering the two hectically dressed women and peacock into a standard examination room. "One of you will have to fill out this sheet while I do the examination," Harry informed them as he gently brought the peacock up to the table with a flick of his wand and snapped on some gloves after washing his hands, "Hmm, not a good sign," he muttered under his breath as the peacock barely squawked at the movement. Harry quickly secured the bird on the table and cast a strong diagnostic spell and a narrowed magical detection spell on the bird. The tip of his wand flashed a pure white and drew his arm towards the bird's stomach, a motion that brought a sense of dread to the Magical Zoologist."It appears he has swallowed a magical artifact," Harry informed the two as he read the parchment that confirmed the presence of an unknown object in the bird's stomach that was slowly encroaching on his organs due to its powers. Pansy and Narcissia paled as they looked between each other, Harry, and Jacques. "Is there anything that can be done?" Pansy asked for Madame Malfoy, as the older woman clutched her tanned hand with her pale hand in a firm and anxious grip. Harry gave a nod after running through all of the options in his head, "It's a rather large (for a bird) and quite powerful object, so it seems like I might have to surgically remove it," he told them in a slightly grim voice, his hand coming to pet the quivering bird in a subconsciously soothing manner.Narcissia gulped at the idea of her bird getting opened up in a, in her mind, barbaric manner. "Are there no spells that could safely extract it?" She asked him in a soft voice, her free hand held against her lips as she gripped Pansy's hand a little tighter. Harry shook his head, "Given that he's a regular-- if slightly enhanced-- bird, Jacques has a larger percent chance of dying if I perform any spells of that degree on him," he informed them sadly, not really liking the imagery of the bird violently imploding from the abundance of magic within its normal body. Seeming to understand parts of the conversation, Jacques turned to give Madame Malfoy a sad little look and squawked in a timbre melody, making the pale, aristocratic woman gasp and dab at her teary eyes with a handkerchief she pulled out of her night-gown pocket.Sniffling, Narcissia gave a little nod and looked up at Harry with soft grey eyes, "Please do whatever you can Dr. Potter," she asked/told him in a soft voice, letting out a few more sniffles while Pansy gave her practically aunt/mother a reassuring hug. Harry allowed them to give their soft, temporary good-byes to the bird before he gave Pansy the waiver and paperwork that came with any procedure like this and carted the bird off to the surgical area through the door on the other side of the examination room. Locking the door behind him, Harry little out a deep sigh at the situation and prepared himself for the unexpected procedure on the bird. Going to a cabinet that housed a supply of potions and muggle medication for the creatures, Harry pulled out a vial of Isoflurane and respiratory machine, as well as Anesthetic. Harry expertly got the bird settled into the proper position after measuring out the proper medication for its weight, and began to perform the emergency removal on it's stomach after properly cleaning everything.Four hours later, and Harry was stitching up the incision, his hands slightly jittery from the few pepper-up potions that he had consumed after removing the powerful artifact from within the bird's stomach. Cleaning and bandaging the magically plucked area on the bird's torso, Harry found himself almost passing out as he leaned his head on a near-by counter after giving the bird a slow-acting waking potion. While he liked helping animals, Avian surgery tended to be a pain in the arse due to the abundance of complications that could occur if one wasn't careful. Groggily sitting up, Harry cast a monitoring charm on the bird's still limp body and grabbed the positively glowing necklace that he had placed in a magical container. Standing up, Harry made his way to the door and unlocked it with a flick of his wand, blinking as the door swung open from a wide-eyed and heavily caffeinated Draco who grabbed his arms in a light yet firm hold, almost making him drop the box."I came as soon as my shift ended, is everything alright?" Draco asked the Magical Zoologist, giving the man within arms length a through examination after he handed the box off to his mother to examine. Draco observed the magically-cleaned clothes and familiar Pepper-Up potion jitters that came after every surgery that he had every observed and helped in. Harry blinked at Draco blearily and nodded, scrubbing his face with his un-gloved hand and grumbled, "Jack...um...is in good condition," he mumbled, his tongue heavy in his mouth and his over-active mind zoning out a little from the intense focus that had been required from it for the surgery. Draco let out a sigh of relief, as did his mother and friend, Pansy and Narcissia hugging each other from joy after properly worrying over Jacques swallowing the dark necklace.Draco warmly regarded Harry with a new found respect, knowing how difficult Avian surgery can be from brief studies into the medical procedures. "Is Jacques properly secured for when he wakes?" Draco asked the man after snapping his fingers a few times, trying to get his wandering attention to focus on the important post-surgery tasks that need to be performed. Harry gave a weak little nod, tittering a bit on his feet as he brought his hands to grasp at Draco's arms to keep himself from keeling over. "Might have to call Luna...Recovery shots and movement," he breathed out sleepily as his head clumsily fell against the blond's chest, lucky that Draco was a few inches taller than him as his head would have collided with Draco's chin if he wasn't.Sputtering a bit, Draco gently guided the tired man towards one of the long benches that lined the examination room's walls and laid him down on the purple and white fabric. Draco quickly pulled out his phone and rang Luna up, though he was quite surprised when the woman answered her phone after the first ring. "What's going on Draco?" She answered in a serious voice, sounding like she was in the middle of eating something. Draco cleared his throat, "I'm here at the Sanctuary, Harry just finished an avian surgery on Jacques Cartier," he informed her in a straightforward manner, not knowing when the bird could wake up. "Got it," Luna told him firmly as she hung up, leaving Draco to stare at unconscious body in a slightly worried manner before his mother caught his attention. "I trust he did well," she sighed, laying a soft hand on Draco's forearm as she gently squatted down to look at the passed out man in front of the both of them, gently resting a hand on his sweaty forehead. The three of them gazed at Harry contemplatively until the door swung open, the ward keying a light blue as Luna hurriedly jogged into the room.Spotting Harry conked out, she gave a huff and summoned a blanket and quickly went into the surgical room. Seeing everything ready and heavily monitored for when the peacock awoke, Luna re-entered the examination room and gave them all a thumbs-up. "He got it all set up before he passed out," she informed them in a satisfied tone, squatting besides Madame Malfoy to inspect her business partner and take his glasses off. She folded his specs and placed them into her vibrant work blouse, the pattern of Jaguars dancing across the fabric. "He'll be fine once he gets his mandatory five hours of sleep," she reassured the worried spectators as she gently ran a hand through his matted hair before wiping her hand on his way too clean shirt as she stood up."Does he do this often?" Narcissa asked her distantly related niece in a confused manner, her kneeled position by the black-haired man making her look up at the blonde. Luna made an affirmative noise as she lightly pushed Draco out of the way, side-stepping them and grabbing the clip-board that Pansy had filled out, she professionally looked through everything and nodded to herself. "Alright, so we can keep Jacques until the medicine is out of his system, and then notify you three when he is up and moving if that sounds brill," she asked/stated in a light tone that was quite more professional than they had ever heard from the young woman. They all blinked at her in surprise before nodding, "That sounds wonderful Luna," Narcissia replied in a grateful voice as she stood up, her knees cracking slightly, "Do you think you can give Harry our thanks when he wakes up?" The older woman asked as she gracefully approached the blonde in a warm manner, her lavender sleeping-gown weirdly elegant under the fluorescent lights.Luna nodded as she gave her aunt a warm smile, and she began to lead them out of the examination room. Luna walked behind the check-in desk, petting the Bugs Bunny figurine lovingly, and began to finish the paper work for the visit and surgery. "Erm, please sign here Auntie," Luna requested in her floaty voice as she passed the papers through the ward, glancing at the door when Mrs. Figgs walked in with a Kneazle carrier for her scheduled appointment. "Good morning Mrs. Figgs," Luna greeted the woman as she took a seat in the cozy waiting room, obviously seeing the three just leaving. "Hello Luna, my dear girl," Mrs. Figgs replied warmly, sort of forgoing Luna's formal title in a ditsy manner as she began to anxiously chatter at her pet Kneazle when catching sight of Madame Malfoy, Draco, and Pansy. The three glanced at the old woman in confusion while Luna filled out her end of the paper in a focused manner."Don't mind Mrs. Figgs, she gets nervous when she sees people or things that remind her of the War," she informed the three in a calm voice as she ticked off a few boxes, and stamped the paper with a moon-etched stamp with their business name and titles on it. She looked up at their guilty faces and blinked in surprise, "Oh, did I say something rude?" She asked them innocently, knowing that she tended to be blunt when she was focusing on other things. Madame Malfoy gave a grimace and carefully shook her head, "It's fine my dear, you were only being honest," she reassured the young woman, feeling a bit of sympathy for the old squib since she herself has experienced a few PTSD episodes that were triggered by a weird assortment of things."Well, we'll be off then love," Narcissia told the Magical Zoologist in a kind voice once Luna handed her back the papers and explained how they would be charged, "Why don't you and Harry join us for tea sometime," she offered as she put away everything in her expandable purse. Luna gave her aunt a sweet smile and nodded her head, "I'll try to get Harry to come," she promised, waving the three off as they all said their good-byes. As they walked into the dawning light, Draco vehemently ignored his mother's little stare at the side of his face as he blushed at her's and Pansy's suspicious silence. "Don't try to turn this into a Courtship Maman, or else," Draco threatened weakly, his exhaustion catching up with him as everything had mellowed it, not even having the energy to make up any sort of playful consequences.Coming to the apparition site, Narcissia gently grabbed a hold of her son and kissed his forehead, "Of course I won't mon Ange," she replied sweetly before she helped apparate the tittering man back to their family manor for the morning.









Chapter 7: Teddy's Breakfast
    


Summary:

Harry drags Draco into going to his godson's family breakfast.



Notes:
Hey guys!!Happy New Years and I hope you're all enjoying the Holidays :)Ummm, sorry for the long wait. I had no idea where I wanted to start it, lol. I kind of pummeled it into submission and accidentally gave it my a tinsy bit more serious and feels vibes instead of my heavily caffeinated, crackhead vibes.Also, if you live, have ever been to, or know anything about Feltwell, England, just know that I pulled everything out of my ass like your typical American writer. So sorry if your hometown got butchered by my patriotic hands, lol.I hope you guys enjoy this chapter :)




Chapter Text
The morning of Teddy's First Grade Halloween breakfast, the Tonks' household was in utter chaos. Andromeda's light brown hair was pulled into a high pony-tail as to hectically chase after her hyper-active grandson. The small Metamorphagus was super excited to see his classmates and to show off his pumpkin costume that his grandmother had hand-stitched. "Edward Remus Lupin get your little tush over here," the middle-aged woman exclaimed, "Do you want to miss the breakfast?" She asked the young boy from the other side of the couch with a steely tone, the chase having taken the two into the living room of the cottage that the family lived in."No Grandma!" Teddy yelped, his hair turning to a shade of lime green that usually indicated that he was surprised or properly scolded into listening. "Good boy," she huffed, striding around the couch in a confident manner, Andromeda easily herded the boy back over to the dining room table as to apply the potion that would subdue his obvious hair color changes. Teddy settled against her knees on the little footstool, begrudgingly allowing her to apply the potion while he pouted, "This stuff is icky Nana," he whined, hating how the cool, gel-like substance settled on his scalp and would sometimes drip down his neck, making it itch a little. Andromeda made a soft cooing sound and soothed the boy, giving her husband a stink eye when he sidled into the kitchen, the man absently tying his tie as he talked with Harry over the phone."No, no Har' it's the one past the post office, the other one's a head-start," he chuckled into the phone, easily giving his sometimes testy and unsettling wife a kiss on the cheek as he passed by the two. Ted got the preoccupied pair's little breakfast's started as he settled the phone into the crook of his neck, his cheap flip-phone balanced rather poorly as he put jam on their toast and sliced up a few strawberries and bananas. "Is he still coming?" Ted asked lowly, the couple having kept Draco's arrival a secret from Teddy in case the man couldn't/wouldn't show, as well as to give the boy a surprise if he did follow through. Ted chuckled when Harry absently mentioned that he had been on speakerphone the entire time, the man having borrowed Fred's car as to drive the both of them there."Hey mini-me, uncle Harry and your cousin Draco are on the phone," Ted said loudly once he saw that Andromeda was done with Teddy's hair, the boy absolutely perking up at the mention of his godfather and cousin. The boy shrieked loudly, Andromeda having already covered her ears, and jumped up from the footstool, "Let me see the phone Papa," Teddy demanded as he jumped up and down, almost tugging on the man's neck tie with his grabby hands and nearly strangling the poor man. Ted clumsily handed Teddy the phone, ruffling the boy's spell-dried naturally brown hair and guided him towards the table, setting their plates on the gingham table spread. Andromeda and Ted chuckled as the boy alternated between eating and talking with his mouth full, the two adults digging into their breakfast in a more controlled manner."Oh my Gods, we're gonna do crafts and eat sooo much candy, it's gonna be so much fun," Teddy told the two men, earning amused chuckles from the two as Harry tried to get them to the school before it started. You see, Andromeda and her husband lived a few blocks from the school while Fred lived roughly two hours away. The two were extremely lost already, their cheap, gas station GPS having gone haywire the moment it was turned on near them. "I'm so excited, Ted-Worth," Harry fondly told the boy, plucking at his collar in a nervous manner as he neared a roundabout, "Can you put Papa on the phone, darling?" Harry asked, squinting his eyes through his glasses as he examined a sign that he thought looked familiar, blatantly ignoring the angry honks behind him while Draco nervously back at the other drivers, his hand resting on his sheathed wand. "Yeah," Teddy's little voice replied, followed by the clattering of the phone sliding across the dining room table, "Yeah?" Ted answered, munching on his actually burnt to a crisp toast."Where the hell am I going, Pops?" Harry asked the man, ignoring Draco's stifled chuckle at the term, the man over the phone didn't bother hiding his own laugh. "It's Feltwell Elementary School, did you spell it right in the GPS?" Ted asked them in a slightly muffled voice, obnoxious slurping noises transferring over the phone as he gulped his tea. Harry and Draco shared exasperated glances, "Yeah, the GPS fizzed out though 'cause of our magic," Harry explained with a sigh as he decided to follow his gut instinct and turned on the highway with the sign "A1065". They heard Ted say, "Yikes," before he shifted the phone into a more alert position, the phone loudly dragging across his Halloween themed sweater vest, "Uh, did you guys get to Feltwell at least?" Ted asked a little nervously, knowing that they could miss the entire thing if they were still near London.Passing a sandwich shop that he vividly remembered getting mugged at from his last visit, Harry said, "Yep, we just passed Walkers Snacks," he sighed out in relief as he felt something inside him relax and he settled into the atrociously colored and patterned leather seat of the old Bentley. "Good, you're gonna turn left onto B1112, and when you get to that roundabout you're gonna turn left again," the man told them, gulping quietly when he heard Harry curse as he nearly missed the turn, and while the man knew he should get back to getting ready, he helped direct them the entire way after that. Saying their goodbyes once they were parked at the school, the young duo joining more grouchy and older relatives in the guest parking lot. Ted sighed and downed the last of his tea, stretching in his seat and getting up to finish getting ready under the amused eye of his wife. Tossing his vibrant purple blazer over his broad shoulders, Ted made eye contact with his wife's slightly unsettling eyes, eyes that held an earthly and magical power that always took his breath away every time he looked into them."What are you doing over there, stranger?" Ted quirked his eyebrows at his wife with a smile, making the woman laugh and unfold her arms. "Oh, nothing much, just looking as this loony man in my kitchen," she replied as she strided towards him, her gentle hands fixing his tie and cupping his face as she gave him a very familiar and warm kiss. They smiled into each other's lips when Teddy barreled into the dining room/kitchen, his Tele-Tubbies backpack falling onto the ground as he threw it to the linoleum tiles as to cover his eyes. "Nana, Papa, get a room!" He exclaimed as they turned to look at him fondly, "Don't worry Poppet, Nana and Papa saved some kisses for you," Ted bellowed out as he snatched the little boy off of the ground, his lanky little limbs wrapping around Ted's neck as the boy giggled loudly. Ted and Andromeda laughed as they kissed his cheeks, the two quite happy with the good mood that the boy was in since he was a horrible morning person.Andromeda glanced at the Oscar the Cat clock that they had in the kitchen and shared a look with her husband, "Alright Pets, it's time to head out," she insisted as she pulled away from the group hug, giving the two of them little pinches on their cheeks as she went to grab her dark brown trench-coat. Buttoning up the front and tying the belt, she watched Ted button Teddy in one of his colorful buttoned cardigans, the large garment being one of the few things that had fit around the boy's pumpkin costume. "Ready, sweet boy?" She heard Ted ask their grandson, her cheeks already hurting from how much she had smiled already this morning. Halloween and Samhain, which they also celebrated, were very fun and happy times for the small family as they carved pumpkins, lit candles, and danced in the woods behind their homey cottage. The three had a blast participating in muggle and Wizarding traditions, happily and insistently dragging a usually withdrawn and depressed Harry since they knew how sad the man could get around this time of the year.The three loved having Harry in their family, Andromeda and Ted had basically adopted the young man through the muggle process, her dis-ownment and crossing from the family tree having made it difficult to claim him in the Wizarding World as well. Despite this, the man had been a constant presence in their house since the Battle of Hogwarts, that little washed out and depressed teenager with dead eyes cradling their newly orphaned grandson made the couple openly weep for days on end and impulsively take him into their home. They had loved the both of them with ease and had created this strongly knit family that could brunt a tidal wave.However, they hadn't been too sure about Draco. Andromeda and her sister had reconnected a little after the Second Wizarding War, a few months after the Death Eater trials really. Andromeda, while she was this warm and loving person to her close family, was reasonably cold and closed off to Narcissa and her son, even after Lucius had been given The Kiss. Andromeda couldn't bring herself to forgive her sister for her hate, for the prejudice that she had shared with their parents. They still aren't close, and they likely never will be. Yet, Andromeda hesitantly wrote to Draco. She had felt a little guilty as she had been forced to miss his childhood, never getting pictures or being able to provide her daughter with a close family member that could understand magic. As much as she had hated her family growing up, hated the darkness that came with her bloodline, she had missed the feeling of having a family. So, she had decided to give Draco a chance.The three happily left the little house, huddling a little together as the autumnal wind decided to nip at their noses in a playful manner. Andromeda smiled at the sight and smell of the crisp orange leaves collecting on the cobblestone side-walks and the gutters of houses that they passed by. She enjoyed living in Feltwell around these times, especially since the town was in the middle of a gardening contest. She loved watching the elderly muggles and tightly knit families try to grow the largest pumpkin in all of Feltwell, the prize for first being a Mary Berry cook book, a pumpkin statue, and a gift basket full of enough biscuits and pies to feed an army while second and third would get slightly smaller gift baskets as well as a medal. Gardens were blooming with activity and fresh berries and crops, the smells of the harvest deep in the air and strumming the souls of those walking around during the crisp mornings and nights."Nana, you're doing that thing again," Teddy whispered in a loud tone, making Andromeda blink and stop the wordless and wandless growing charms that she had been subconsciously casting on the near-by flowers and plants, her mind and magic naturally drawn to the growth that accompanied Autumn. "Thank you darling," she hummed at the boy, squeezing his little arm gently as she shared a small smile with her husband over the boy's head. Their little walk ended quite abruptly as they came to the parking lot and spotted Harry and Draco leaning against the trunk of Fred's red Bentley, the two appearing to be in a deep conversation. They were quite a sight based on outfit alone, as Harry had decided to go full out with the Halloween attire while Draco was more controlled and classy with his fashion sense. Andromeda loved Harry's bright Frankenstein themed jumper and his hand-painted skeleton overalls, the man's dangle-y ghost shaped earrings catching the sunlight. The brunet was the total opposite to her blond nephew, Draco having chosen to wear a simple orange colored turtleneck with a dapper pair of jeans and classy leather shoes that probably cost way too much. Andromeda couldn't help the smile that came with seeing the weird duo, especially when they seemed to be looking more well-rested than normal, her smile grew when she heard the free laughs that were exchanged as they got closer to the pair. Harry spotted the three and happily waved them over, grinning widely when Teddy let out an excited shriek and almost sprinted through the busy parking lot if he hadn't been held back by Ted and Andromeda's hands.Once they stopped in front of the pair, Teddy was released and allowed to hurtle himself into Harry's squatted arms, the man easily picking the boy up and tossing the little pumpkin in the air. Teddy squealed happily, still rather happy that Harry could toss him as he had when he was a much smaller boy. Catching the boy and holding him in his arms, the brunet happily kissed Teddy's cheek and asked him how he was doing. "I'm doing brill Uncle Harry," Teddy breathed out, his breath hitching from the giggles and shrieks that he had been letting out earlier, his face flushed from the chilly morning air and the joy that came with seeing his godfather. Turning his attention to a fond looking Draco, Teddy said, "Hi Draco," and leaned towards the blond for a kiss, which the man awkwardly gave on the boy's cheek, still a little unsure of how to deal with his little cousin."You boys ready?" Ted asked the three of them, his arm wrapped around Andromeda as the pair had been watching the three with amused and warm faces. "Yeah," Harry and Teddy replied excitedly, while Draco gave a little nod, his thin lips quirking up in a smile at the cute picture the four already made. He slightly startled when Teddy whipped around to look at him, the little seven year old beaming at the man, "You're gonna meet all of my friends and it's gonna be a blast Drake-y," Teddy told him as Harry set him down and held his hand, the five of them walking towards the entrance of the elementary school with the other children and relatives. Once within the entrance, they were politely greeted by a stout old woman dressed in a cartoon-y witch costume, "Hello Mrs. and Mr. Tonks and family," she smiled warmly, her green eyes twinkling as she spotted Harry, one of the staff's favorite parental figures to call into conferences as the man held such a contagious and joyful energy when discussing his godson."Good morning Ms. O'Clery, how are you today?" Andromeda asked the teacher warmly, making the five of them halt towards the side of the entrance and move out of the way of the other families coming in. Ms. O'Clery winked towards the younger woman, "Oh, as good as this old dame can be," she chuckled to herself, "Well, the breakfast will be starting soon, and as much as I would love to chat--I've got to finish setting up," she told them in an apologetic manner, patting Andromeda's arm kindly and ruffled Teddy's hair as she hustled off towards the cafeteria/auditorium. They watched her short form disappear into the crowd, and then turned to look towards Draco as to inform him of where everything was and what was going to happen."So, we'll eat brekkie with all grades, and then break off into individual classes," Harry explained in an absent manner, as he had picked Teddy up and was allowing the boy to play with his shoulder length hair, the boy's clumsy fingers running through the black locks and trying to braid them. Harry chuckled when he spotted a lock of Teddy's hair turn black, the little lock having been accidentally skipped when Andromeda was putting the potion onto the boy's hair. Draco smiled at the two, easily leaning against a near-by wall and looking around at the crowd, "Was that woman Teddy's teacher?" He asked them, not really accustomed to the idea of little kids having different teachers for every grade since he had had a main tutor throughout his childhood. Ted shook his head, "Ms. O'Clery was Teddy's Kindergarten teacher, Mr. Aubertin's his teacher this year," the muggle explained, giving a wave to another grandfather and grandmother from across the large lobby, completely missing Draco's grimace at the man's poor pronunciation of the french surname."It'll be great dear, Aubertin is quite the interesting man," Andromeda smirked at her nephew as she absently braided her long, brown hair while her sharp eyes observed the blond's nervous body language. Hearing the name of his favorite teacher, Teddy twisted his body to look towards the two and nodded enthusiastically, "Mr. Bert is so cool, he's been around the entire world," he exclaimed, he's newly green eyes sparkling with excitement. Andromeda made a little sound and tapped her cheek expectantly, making Teddy giggle and change his eyes back to their natural brown, "Sorry Nana," he said in a happy voice, knowing that the woman was just reminding him since his eyes and hair always changed when he was with his godfather, even when he was trying to keep them normal. "It's alright Sweets," Andromeda pinched his cheek with her free hand and finished her braid just in time for all of them to be called into the cafeteria.All of them shuffled through the large doors in a relatively patient manner since it was a bunch of elderly people who knew not to throw elbows or push. The family of five easily found seats at one of the long tables, sitting in the blue plastic seats and waiting for everyone else to settle down as they continued talking among each other about their holiday plans and how work was going. "How's the hospital work Draco?" Ted asked the man as he pulled out his reading glasses from his vest pocket as to read one of the little papers in front of them, the image of his little glasses on his bulbous nose creating a classic representation of a Grandpa™. The blond made a so-so motion, "Had to down a few cups of espresso for today since I had an all-night shift," he told them, chuckling when the two older adults blinked at him in surprise. Andromeda placed her soft hand on her nephew's arm, "You didn't have to come today dear," she told him earnestly, hating the thought that he had forced himself to endure the loud screaming of children after a tiring shift.Draco gave a little shrug, "I'm fine auntie, I really wanted to come," he reassured her, rolling his eyes at Harry as the man was openly chuckling at the two of them. Andromeda looked at the man across from Draco with an annoyed and exasperated expression, "You likely did the same thing, right mister?" She interrogated the man, who threw his hands up surrender, "You two are growing boys and need to be well-rested," Ted added sternly once he tuned into the conversation next to him, having been focused on the paper. Draco and Harry snickered while Teddy glanced between all four of the adults in confusion, "Nana, why doesn't uncle Harry and cousin Draco have bedtimes?" He whined, "That's so unfair," he pouted at the two, making Harry stick his tongue out at the boy in a teasing manner. "They should have one dear, alas, they're adults who get to decide when to go to bed," she begrudgingly explained, her tone making the others chuckle more while Teddy continued to pout up at his godfather."I wanna stay up with you this weekend," Teddy whined, having been under the presumption that Harry went to bed around the same time as him since the man tended to take the weekend off when he had Teddy over. Harry ruffled the boy's hair and was saved from answering as the Principal, Mr. Anderson, cleared his throat over a microphone, "Hello everyone, and welcome to Feltwell Elementary Schools annual Halloween breakfast," all of the little kids shrieked in excitement, the noise akin to the rambunctious nature of drunk men and women screaming in a futball stadium. "Thank you, thank you, please settle down," the man told them with a slight chuckle hidden in his voice, his long face showing how tired he really was, "Parents and family members are welcome to the breakfast made by our wonderful kitchen staff, and then after eating teachers will call their classes together for a round of Halloween crafts and games," he informed them of the events for the day, the classes for the day being halted for the holiday celebrations. "I'm very pleased with how many of you were able to make it and hope you all have a wonderful time," he concluded the small speech, having always been a man of very few words as well as one who would rather do the work behind the scenes than be under a spotlight.As the man descended down the little auditorium stairs from the front of the large cafeteria, most of the families got up to retrieve breakfast and coffee from the normal serving lines that the school had. The line moved rather quickly and the family of five were able to get back to their seats in the blink of an eye, Teddy eating a little muffin and sipping from a juice box since he was still a little full from the small breakfast his grandpa had made beforehand. However, Harry and Draco were going a ham on the small pancakes and portions of grits, eggs, and sausage, the two of them not having had much time on the road to stop to a fast-food joint earlier. Andromeda sat back in her chair as she sipped from her coffee, just watching her family warmly chat and eat with each other."Say Draco," Harry started after chugging a bit of his piping hot cup of coffee, "Do you think you'd want to do brunch again with Luna, Rolf, and me this week?" He asked the man casually, having rather enjoyed hanging out with the three of them last week, obliviously ignoring Andromeda's little raised eyebrow. Draco flushed a bit and set his water bottle down, the college stickers peeling off of the worn and battered metal, "Erm, I have to make up brunch with Blaise and Pansy since I had brunch with you three last time," he told the man with a small smile, the thought of an outraged Blaise and Pansy filtering through his mind. "We could probably catch a matinee movie showing sometime?" He offered a little shyly once he thought back to how he was scheduled for night shifts for a majority of the week. Harry hummed as he thought of everyone else's schedules, his thin and scarred fingers tapping against the top of the paper cup in his hands, "I'd have to double check with Luna and Rolf, but that could work," he thought aloud, his eyes swiveling down from the fluorescent lights as to catch Draco's eyes with an excited look."Have you seen the trailer for the newest Batman movie, The Dark Knight?" He asked Draco with a little sparkle in his eyes, the brunet slightly leaning across the table with excitement, his little ghost earrings swinging around with the movement. Having never read the comics or seen any of the television programs, Draco merely furrowed his eyebrows in confusion, "Who the flip is Batman?" He asked, mindfully censoring himself since there were little ones around. Teddy turned to look at his cousin in horror, "Draco, you don't know who Batman is?" The little kid exclaimed, sharing a look of absolute shock with his godfather. Harry shook his head mournfully, "Alas, dear Ted-worth, we must educate this poor man," he stated in a solemn voice, Teddy nodded in agreement with a much too serious expression on his tiny face. Draco just gave the two weird looks, his thin lips pulled into an amused smile as they both patted his arm and hand in sorrow, "You two are absolute nut-jobs," he laughed, sharing a look with his aunt and uncle and rolling his eyes as the other two continued to mourn his lack of knowledge and experience with comics.Not too soon after the heart-breaking discovery, everyone's attention was drawn back to the auditorium stage as Ms. O'Clery informed them that they should follow their children's teachers to their classrooms. Teddy abandoned the sorrowful act with a quick jump and started to bounce in excitement, "Come on, come on," he rushed the four adults as they threw away their garbage, excitedly grabbing his godfather and cousin's hands when they were open. The thin men were almost savagely dragged across the cafeteria by the strength of the energized boy, their yelps gaining chuckles and laughs from other people around the cafeteria as they watched the spectacle. Teddy's rush made it so that they were first in the line that was forming for Mr. Aubertin's class, the two older adults sidling up to the three with amused looks on their faces. The young French man, who had been chatting with his classroom neighbor, Mrs. Basetti, chuckled as one of his most enthusiastic students joined his line, "Hello there," he greeted them with a friendly tone, his french accent rather subtle given how much he has traveled from his home country. "Hello Mr. Aubertin, how are you today?" Andromeda greeted the man, laying a settling hand on her grandson as to keep him from bouncing around and dislocating Harry and Draco's arms from their sockets. "I'm well, how are you all?" He replied politely as he subtly checked if everyone was there for his class, the cafeteria being a hectic and chaotic environment lacking any form of order. "We're all marvelous, let me introduce you to Teddy's godfather and his cousin," Andromeda expertly moved the conversation, her social manner having been ingrained with her families aristocratic lessons, "These two are Harry and Draco," she pointed the two out, the three shaking hands and giving polite smiles. Mr. Aubertin turned more towards Harry after shaking Draco's hand, "Teddy goes on and on about his uncle Harry, so it's nice to finally meet you in person," he chuckled, the information causing Harry to blush and run a hand through his hair with his free hand, the man always a little pleased to hear things like that. Seeing that everyone was gathered in his line, Mr. Aubertin called out for them to all follow him and they all departed for his classroom.Coming to the room decorated with an array of flags, educational signs, and a miniature Eiffel tower on top of a shelf, everyone was looking around the room with interest while the little kids pulled them to their desks. "I made that knight Auntie," Teddy pointed towards one of the many knights, ladies, and princes that hung on a cork-board, obviously a project from a little history lesson, she complimented the little drawing with a simple "It's precious," while Harry said, "I would buy that for a thousand dollars, do you accept checks Mr. Lupin?" The man moved to pull out his wallet with a rather serious face, making the boy giggle and Andromeda hit the man's arm with a laugh while Ted gave him a thumbs-up for the proper Dad Joke™. "Alright everyone," Mr. Aubertin called out before Teddy or any of the other kids could babble more about things in the room, "We're going to be making paper Jack O'Lanterns and scarecrows for the hallway," he told them, and then proceeded to show how to make them with the help of a little over-head projector by his neatly organized desk. "Now, let's have some fun mes etudiants ," the man exclaimed enthusiastically, the little kids replying with, "Oui, oui mon professeur," the little exchange made some of the adults chuckle, as Aubertin clearly taught them some french as to flex on the other teachers. Teddy turned to look at Draco proudly, "I can speak French like you Drake-y," Teddy told the man, his bright smile earning him a little ruffle to his hair and his aunt and uncle to coo at him, "Yeah, you sound really brill, Teddy," Draco chuckled, not really fickle enough to critique the boy.They moved on to assemble the little scarecrows and Jack O'Lanterns, kind of forming an assembly line with the other parents at the little cluster of desks, easily handing out cut arms, legs, and heads. All too soon for the little kids, Mr. Aubertin called a time out as he had collected around fifty projects from his relatively small class. He went around again and passed out a bingo sheet and candy corn for everyone, switching the activity so that he wouldn't have an entire hoard of paper figures to put up later. They played bingo, Wrap the Mummy, and then did a Monster Freeze dancing game where the relatives recorded their wacky dance moves. As Mr. Aubertin was about to do a game of Halloween hang-man after their planned lunch and snack times, the little bell signaling the end of the day rang, the sound making the little kids whine out in despair as they did every time they heard it. "Seems our time's up for the day mes etudiants, I hope you all have a happy and safe Halloween," he told them after he got their attention, "Before we leave, please make sure that we help the janitors by cleaning our areas and don't forget to grab a goody bag on your way out," he moved to wipe the board of it's tally-marks, leaving the little doodles of werewolves and vampires up. Everyone cleaned around the clusters of tables, while some kids helped clean the toilet paper from the mummy game, the little kids still chattering to each other excitedly for the trick-or-treating that they were going to do later that night with their Mummy's and Daddy's and other relatives. Teddy happily looked towards his family as he chatted with his friend Angelica while they held a garbage bag open, the girl going on and on as she talked about how her Mummy was going to take her trick-or-treating at a neighborhood that passed out full-sized candy bars.While Teddy always felt a little sad when he heard his classmates talking about their Mummy's and Daddy's, he knew that he was loved just as much by his Nana, Papa, and Uncle and that he didn't need to have a Mummy or a Daddy to be loved. Despite this knowledge, he wished he could spend Halloween with his Mummy and Daddy. He would love to have them pack his lunch and give him a hug everyday, or even just love to kiss their real faces at bedtime instead of the cool glass encasing the picture of them that he had on his nightstand. While he doesn't feel a hole in his chest, he definitely feels an ache whenever he thinks of his dead parents, despite not having known them, he misses them like any other child would miss their parents. However, he always feels a bit better when his Uncle tells him that's it's okay to want them and reassures him that they haven't left him completely, the man having told him that they will always watch and protect him from the afterlife. Smiling over him and sending him love every day, no matter how grumpy or rotten he acts.