Work Text:
“I don’t do blind dates.”
The coffee shop was bustling with the late lunch crowd. Noah stood near the pick-up counter with Emma, his best friend since Hogwarts and senior assistant to several member of the Wizengamot. 

“Oh come on, you’ve been practically begging to be set-up fo months now. Whats it been, like eight months?”

“Six.” Noah replied dryly.

Emma’s lips formed tight line and she nodded her head solemnly. “That’s five too many for a relationship that bad.”

The barista called their names and they both grabbed their coffees and headed out back toward the Ministry.

“It wasn’t that bad.” Noah said as he sipped his coffee. “Matt and I just... didn’t work.”

“And now he’s already engaged and you’re moping.” Emma smacked his arm for emphasis, making her loose, blue tipped, ringlets bounce around her face. “Besides, all you do is work all the time. You need to relax. Even your boss is having way more sex than you.”

Noah blushed. He hasn’t even told her half of what he knew about his bosses love life. She would absolutely lose it on him if she know how very right she was. 

“I’m texting him.”

“That’s the-“ Noah wiggled his fingers in the air like he was typing.

“Yes.” She had already pulled out the small device and was typing away, careful not to let him see.

“Can you at least tell me anything about him? Like I know if he has a phone he’s at least half-muggle, but what house was he in?”

Emma ignored him.

“Em, please give me something! What house was he in?”

“He...wasn’t.” She was avoiding his eyes now.

“What do you mean he-“ He looked at the small device in Emma’s hand and back at her. They both stopped walking.

“He isn’t!”

“Noah-“

“He’s a muggle? Em, that’s asking a lot. I can barely order coffee without pulling out a galleon.”

“Come the fuck on, Noah. I’m not stupid. Yes, he’s a muggle. His sister was in our year, in Gryffindor. She’s one of my friends from arithmancy.”

“So he knows?”

“Yeah. He’s only a couple years older than her. They’re close.” She looked down as her mobile vibrated a few times in her hand. “He’s interested. Tonight at eight?”

Noah sighed dramatically. “Why not?”

They began walking again as she typed a response. The reply came back almost immediately.

“Tonight at eight, that place near St. Paul’s that you and I had the drinks at.”

“How will I recognise him?”

Emma winked. “Trust me, you’ll know.”
  
After work, Noah ran down to the atrium and flooed home as fast as he possibly could. He hauled himself up the seven flights of stairs to his flat, and threw himself into the shower. He was actually surprised at how much he cared about this date. Maybe it was the mystery, maybe it was six months of sleeping alone, maybe Noah just wanted to do something nice for a change, but he was determined that the evening would go well.

At half-past seven, he pulled on his best muggle passing outfit and headed out the door. He thought he looked pretty good: dark brown trousers, a white linen shirt that popped against the deep brown of his face and hands, midnight blue blazer that was ever so slightly iridescent, and a deep emerald jumper that Mr. Potter had given him as a gift the previous Christmas.

He headed back down the stairs to the lobby and apparated to an alley a couple minutes from the restaurant. He walked the rest of the way and grabbed a booth near the back corner of the building once he was inside. Muggle London, always gave him a low hum of anxiety, especially when he was alone, and he wanted to minimize the chance of slipping up in front of a crowd.

As he waited, he looked around the dining room. It wasn’t stuffed full, not surprising for a week night, but there was certainly enough people to put a strain on the kitchen. When he had been here with Emma and a few other work friends, they had all sat near the bar at the front of the building, but here in the dining room he thought the place made a much more romantic impression.

It was dim, low electric sconces lit the walls and each of the booths. The tables in the middle were each lit by a trio of candles on tarnished antique holders. The wooden floor and walls were a deep brown and they reminded Noah it the Forbidden Forest the few times they had ventured into it for class. 

Each of the booths was housed in a half-circle alcove in the wall that stretched all the way to the high ceiling. The curved wall was lined with medieval style tapestries depicting the daily life of a small woodland village. In Noah's booth, the tapestry depicted a young man chopping wood while an equally young blonde maiden watched from the doorway of her cottage.

The people filling the restaurant were mostly older, if he had to guess Noah would have estimated just north or south of forty to be the average. There were a few bigger groups of five or six, and one group of four in the booth beside his, but for the most part it was all couples. This seemed to be a popular spot for date night.

At five to eight Noah started watching the door and feeling self conscious. He was the only one in the place under the age of thirty (besides the waitstaff), he was the only black person (besides one of the waitstaff), and he was pretty certain he was the only wizard (including the waitstaff).

He found himself wondering if Matt would have liked it here. In the year and a half that they had been together, their outings had mostly consisted of Wizarding society events that Matt and his family were obliged to attend. While he did find them interesting, Noah almost always ended up being abandoned on the edge of the crowd only to be picked up again by Matt on their way out several hours later. He had once mentioned his dislike for these events to Mr. Potter and had been surprised to discovery it was a trait they shared.

“Excuse me.”

Noah jumped. A large man stood at the edge of the table, but his features were hard to make out in the dim light. “Oh, sorry. Um- Sorry. I’m just waiting for someone.”

“I know. You're Noah?” The man's voice was soft, but had a hint of brogueish gruffness, Scottish from what he could tell.

“Oh! Yeah, sorry. I mean, I am. I’m sorry for drifting off for a second there.”

“No need for all the apologies, lad. May I join?”

Noah nodded and the man slid into the both across from him.

He was a large man in every sense of the word. Even sitting down his height was evident, and Noah guessed he must be over six feet tall. His broad shoulders filled the booth and pulled at the corners of his knit jumper. He was heavy set, the thick muscles of his arms balanced by an equally thick midsection. He had dark brown, curly hair that hung in loose ringlets around his face and a wide, kind smile that was framed by a short but untidy beard. His eyes were also brown, but it was a richer more woody colour that reminded Noah of Christmas at Hogwarts. He was nowhere near what Noah had expected.

And surprisingly to him, exactly who he wanted.

“I’m Ruaridh.” He reached out and shook Noah’s hand, nearly enveloping Noah’s entire fist in his gentle grip. “It’s nice to meet you.”

“And it's nice to meet you.” Noah could feel the heat on his cheeks and was thankful for the dim lighting and his dark complexion. “I didn’t expect someone so...” he trailed off awkwardly. “I’m sorry, I guess I didn’t know who to expect.”

Ruaridh chuckled. “You've apologized enough. I promise.”

“I’ve never done a blind date before.”

“I think this is my sixth. Eilidh likes nothing more than sending me off with her friends.” He smiled again and Noah relaxed a little.

“That’s your sister? Emma wouldn’t tell me anything, all she’d say was that you were the brother of one of her friends from Arithmancy.”

“Yeah, that would be Eilidh. I have two younger sisters but Eilidh is the only one who went to that school.”

“Hogwarts.”

Ruaridh smacked his fist on the table and laughed. “That’s the one one. I’m shit at all those names. Were you in the same house?”

“I think Emma said that Eilidh was in Gryffindor?”

“That sounds right.”

“Then no, I was in Ravenclaw.”

“That’s the smart one I’ll bet.” Ruaridh looked over at one of the servers and gestures with his hand.

“Uh, yeah I guess it is.” Noah grinned. “I’m not sure if that’s our server, though.”

Ruaridh smiled. “Oh he is.”

“Are you sure? I don’t want to get him in trouble.”

“He won’t be.”

Noah was slightly confused, but didn’t press it further. A few seconds later the waiter brought by a dark dusty bottle, followed by a large thick plank full of bread and cheese.

“Oh, that’s nice. I didn’t know they served a bread and cheese board with dinner.”

“They don’t, I asked for one to go with this.” Ruaridh popped the cork out of the bottle. “Now, don’t ask me the vintage or the name, because I have no idea, but the bartender tells me it’s the best we have.”

Noah slid his wine glass across the table as Ruaridh poured. “So you work here.”

“Since it opened.”

“Did you pick out the menu for the full evening?”

Ruaridh laughed “Would you be mad if I did?”

“Let me try some of this cheese and then judge.”

He broke off a piece of dark, reddish looking cheese and tore a piece of sourdough bread to go with it. The bread was warm and soft, with just the right amount of sour tartness to it. The cheese was surprisingly pungent at first bite, and Noah had to force himself not to cough, but it had a creamy lemony taste once it was but into that he loved. Ruaridh watched him, amused.

He swallowed. “I wouldn’t be mad.”

Ruaridh grinned back back. “Well it won’t matter because I told them to bring the menu when we were done our first glass.”

It was Noah's turn to laugh. “That’s a clever trick, you pull that with all the boys.”

Ruaridh shrugged. “You’re the first I’ve tried it on.”

“Come off it, that was too smooth the be the first try.”

“Oh, it wasn’t the first try.  You’re just the first boy I’ve tried it on.”

He was genuinely surprised, both by the implication of Ruaridh's statement and the way him saying ‘boy’ had sent a small shiver through Noah’s body.

“I- I didn’t realize.”

Ruaridh looked confused for a moment. “Oh! No. I have been with men before. It’s just been awhile.”

“Yes it has.” Noah took a deep sip from the wine. “It’s been sixth months since Matt and I broke up.”

Ruaridh raised a glass to him. “It’s been nine for me.”

“Girlfriend?”

“Three years.”

“Fuck.”

“Fuck indeed.”

They gradually finished off the bread and cheese, talking all the while about their families, and their school years. When the menu was brought they both elected for a roast duck stuffed with berries, and surrounded by root vegetables.

They ate their way through dinner slowly, talking between bites. Ruaridh asked about work and Noah went into great detail describing the ministry to him and running through the course of an average day. It was nice not to get sidetracked too much by the discussion about his boss. Most wizards wanted to hear all about Harry Potter and whether all the rumours they heard were true (they never were), but Ruaridh only cared whether he  liked working for him and how well he treated Noah. By the time they made their way through their dessert (a chocolaty bread pudding) the place was nearly empty and staff were turning the lights off.

“Shit, I think they want us to leave.”

“It’s alright. Unless you need to go.” Even the dim lights couldn’t his the disappointment that flashed across Ruaridh's face.

“No, it’s just they’re shutting-“ The realization hit him. “Oh! You own this place, do t you?”

Ruaridh grinned. “Yes, I do. Well co-own at least. My grandad and my dad co-own it with me, but they are more like silent partners.”

“Is it named after the family then?”
“Gramarye? No, it’s from a book.  The Once and Future King .”
Noah shrugged. “I’ve never read it.”

“I’ll lend you my copy. You can come by my place after and grab it... if you want.”

Noah could hear the nervous invitation in his voice and felt a jolt of electricity run between them.

“Yeah, I think I will.”
  
After they had finished eating, Ruaridh left Noah at the bar while he helped with the closing . After he had finished locking up, he led Noah around to the side of the building and unlocked the door. They stepped into the landing of a small stairwell that was lit only by the windows on that side of the building. Ruaridh locked the door behind them and lead Noah up to the third floor landing.

“Second floor is the office and employee area.” Ruaridh explained as he cycled through his keys. I can go straight into work without going outside.”

Noah chuckled. “I guess I’m special?”

“And the boys are animals.” He laughed. “That area is a mess at the moment.”

He turned the key and opened the door for Noah. He stepped into the dark flat and Ruaridh followed, flicking a light on behind them.

The light flipped on just two the left of the door, illuminating a small open kitchen area with large wooden butcher block table dividing it room the rest of the flat. In the light cast from the kitchen, Noah would see an iron spiral staircase leading up to the second floor hallway, which was open and overlooked the living room on their right.

It was a large, two story space that wish enclosed by green house style windows from floor to ceiling. It wasn’t actually very large square footage wise, but the height added a certain grandeur to the room.

“Feel free to sit.” Ruaridh gestured to the living room as he slid his shoes off. “I’ll go turn the lights on.”

“Don’t.” Noah’s mouth was dry and he could feel himself shivering slightly. He reached up and touched Ruaridh's face, letting his fingers nestle in his dark beard.

“Okay.”

Noah pulled him down into a kiss, crushing their lips together and setting off crackling sparks between them. 

They lurched sideways, trying to get to the couch but failing to stay upright.

They crashed to the floor and Ruaridh seized the chance, finally level with Noah's neck he kissed it furiously. 

Noah was groaning against him, Ruaridh's hands on his hips and pulling their hips close. He pulled his blazer off hastily, tossing it onto the end of couch. He could feel Ruaridh’s big hands pulling his shirt out from his trousers and pushing it up with his jumper, followed by Ruaridh’s mouth tracing the path of his hand up his stomach.

Noah shuddered and arched up involuntarily.

“Fuck.” Ruaridh breathed against him.

He laughed. “Please.”

“Really? I didn’t mean to ask, I was just- fuck your so beautiful.”

Noah flushed with pride and lust.

“Just give me a minute.”

Ruaridh kissed his stomach again. “Only if I can have the same”

They both scrambled to their feet, Ruaridh dashed to the bathroom just under the stairs, and Noah went over to his blazer and pulled out his wand.

“What are those?” He said, looking at the medical looking tube and the small packets Ruaridh returned with.

“Supplies.” He clearly still looked confused because Ruaridh clarified a moment late, “Condoms and lube.”

“Oh! I’ve never actually seen those before.”

Ruaridh’s mouth dropped open. “You’ve never- I thought you were gay.”

“Yeah, but I’m a wizard. We have our own methods.”

“Oh! Do we... do we need these then.”

Noah shrugged. “Not really.”

Ruaridh put them down on the coffee table and sat down looking at him eagerly.

“Can I- actually can I use your loo?”
“Oh yeah! Sorry, it’s just... I haven’t seen anyone but  Eilidh do magic.”
“Oh! I can stay out here, if it doesn’t bother you.”

“Is it like... a messy spell.”

“Oh Jesus! No, thank God. Just, like, if I was hooking up with a wizard we’d just try to do it when the other wasn’t looking.”

“It’s up to you.”

Noah thought about it a moment, and then sat down on the couch looking at Ruaridh, muttering the spells and making small motions with his wand.

“Done.”

“That’s it?” Ruaridh laughed.

“Well that’s most of it. I think we can save the lubricating charm for later.”

Ruaridh smiles, letting out a sound that was almost a growl. He tipped himself off the coffee table so that he was on his knees between Noah’s legs. He leaned forward, reaching out to pull Noah to him and kissing him deep.

Any strength in his erection that had dissipated instantly came roaring back and Noah could feel it straining against his pants.

As of on cue, Ruaridh’s hand slid from the back of Noah’s neck all the way down to unbutton his trousers.

“Please.” Noah groaned, leaning back to give  Ruaridh’s meaty hands better access.

Ruaridh flipped the button open easily and slid the zipper down. Noah made to pull the trousers all the way off but Ruaridh stopped his hands.

“Stand up.” 

Noah did as he was told, breath hitching in his chest as Ruaridh stood up as well, dwarfing him by nearly a foot.

Noah could see Ruaridh in the moonlight from the large windows. Eyes sparkling with kindness and mischief, he reached down and tugged his thick jumper off, tossing it into a pile on the far end of the couch. Noah reached out, undoing the buttons on the Scotsman’s shirt. Ruaridh shrugged it off and tossed it as well, his trousers joining the pile moments later. 

He stood their in his pants for a moment before pulling Noah in for another deep kiss. This time it was rougher and Noah presser himself against the nearly naked man. He ran his hands through Ruaridh’s thick, curly hair and down over his beard. As he had suspected, his arms and chest were thick and solid, honed from years of lifting. He was hairy, and in the moonlight it looked like a shadow running across his chest and down over his soft ample belly. 

Noah reached out for his tenting pants, but Ruaridh stopped him. “I want to see you first.”

Noah smiled and kissed him again.

Ruaridh stepped back, watching as Noah pulled off this jumper and undid the buttons of his shirt. Ruaridh reached out, sliding a hand under the open shirt to gently pinch his left nipple. Noah shuddered and groaned, letting his shirt fall to the floor. Ruaridh wrapped an arm around his waist and leaned down, taking the nipple in his lips and kissing it roughly. He reached down with his left hand and pushed just enough to send Noah’s pants piling around his ankles. Ruaridh stepped back and grinned broadly at him. “Oh, wow!”

Noah shrugged. While significantly smaller than Ruaridh, his shoulders were still broad. His chest was quite defined and there was still more than a hint of the abdominals that he’d been so proud of during auror training.

Ruaridh pulled him into another rough kiss, grinding their hard cocks together through their pants and dipping his large hand down the back of Noah’s pants to cup his arse cheek. Suddenly, he spun Noah around, pushing him so he was kneeling wide on the couch with his elbows up on the back. He practically tore the pants off Noah as he pulled them down his legs and off, throwing them over his shoulder.

“This alright?” He said gruffly. The brogue was becoming more apparent.

“Only if you keep going.”

Ruaridh grabbed a cheek in each hand and slowly spread Noah’s ass, enjoying the view as the moonlight showed him the way. He knelt down, kissing down Noah’s back as he went, before finally sliding his bearded face between the two spread cheeks.

Noah moaned, loud enough that it shocked even him. Ruaridh’s tongue was thick and slick inside him, dipping itself in and out in a wild rhythm. He moaned again and pressed himself backwards, trying to take in as much as he possibly could. Ruaridh’s beard scratched against his hole, but he barely felt it. He was having the absolute time of his life.

The second Ruaridh came up for air, Noah turned over so he was facing him.

“Can we go upstairs?” Noah asked when he was finally able to catch his breath.

“In a moment.” Ruaridh’s eyes were trained on Noah’s finally freed cock. He reached out a large hand and stroked it, watching in awe as the dark and reddened tip disappeared into his fist. Noah let his head fall back, moaning as Ruaridh leaned forward and swiped at his precum with his tongue.

“Fuck.” They groaned in unison.

Upstairs it was.

Ruaridh grabbed Noah and lifted him, locking his legs around his waist. He could feel Ruaridh’s hard cock underneath him as they ascended the stairs and entered the bedroom. 

Ruaridh left the door open, allowing light from the large windows into the room. He set Noah down on the bed and stood back, slipping his pants off. 

Noah was momentarily stunned. He had always been proud of his dick. It was just above average in length, but it was average thickness and he was a shower so it always looked more intimidating that it actually was.

Ruaridh’s cock was pretty average in length but the girth was rather intimidating and Noah guessed it must be close to the thickness of the average woman’s wrist. The other thing that made it so intimidating was the large circular ring that extended from the tip and curved around underneath, disappearing into the underside of the shaft.

“Is that-“ Noah could hear the excitement in his own voice.

Ruaridh followed his gaze and laughed. “Oh, yeah. I can take it out if you want.”

“I’ve never- does it work if it stays in?”

Ruaridh stepped toward him and climbed onto the bed, the ring swinging heavily. He leaned his back against the pillows and spread his legs. “You can touch it if you want.”

Noah climbed up the bed, sitting in the space between his open legs. He poked at the ring, feeling it’s weight as it bobbed up and down.

“Does it hurt?”

“Now? No. Getting it? Yes.” Ruaridh flexed and his cock bobbed up, snacking against the curve of his belly. “See”

He took Noah’s hand and wrapped it around the thick shaft, pumping it slowly a few times, letting the ring bump against Noah’s hand. Noah continued stroking, and Ruaridh moved his hand. Noah watching the ring bounce and Ruaridh watching Noah’s face.

After a moment he leaned forward and kissed Noah. “If it’s alright, I do want to fuck you.”

Noah ran his thumb over the warm steel ring, feeling where it disappeared into the Scotsman’s urethra. “I think I’d like that.”

Ruaridh leaned forward, gently pushing Noah down against the bed before rolling him over and lifting his arse up into the air. Noah reached back and held himself open as Ruaridh continued to eat him out. Just as he felt like he was melting into a puddle, the tongue disappeared and was replaced by the pad of a thick thumb.

Noah scrunched up his face and began muttering the lubrication spell over and over, smiling with relief when he felt the familiar warm wetness fill him.

Ruaridh groaned as he suddenly felt Noah loosen, slowly sucking his thumb into the hot, wet  hole. Once he was all the way in, he pushed his other thumb against the rim, allowing Noah’s body to slowly suck that one in as well.

Noah was moaning loudly into the blankets and trembling. Ruaridh began slowly spreading his thumbs apart and stretching Noah wide enough to take his cock.

Noah’s legs shook, and he groaned deep into the mattress. Ruaridh leaned forward and kissed down his back, slowly sliding his thumbs out as he did.

“Ready?”

“So fucking ready.” Noah growled.

Ruaridh set the thick metal ring against Noah’s flexing hole and moaned as it gradually sucked him in. Noah shuddered as it popped inside him and let out a hoarse moan as the Scotsman’s cock followed. He felt the ring drag against his prostate, smooth and heavy, and he made a mental promise to himself that he’d be repeating this night again as soon as possible.

Ruaridh gave a final push, and they both gasped as he bottomed out inside the wizard. He grabbed tightly onto Noah’s hips and started swirling them, sliding his cock and the ring around inside him. Noah gave a slight whimper each time the ring pressed deep inside him.

When Ruaridh started to move in and out of him, Noah thought he might pass out. He’d move shallowly and then randomly move out enough that it seemed like the ring was going to get caught holding Noah’s arse open.

After about ten minutes of this, Noah finally remembered his own dick and moved a hand down to stroke himself in time with Ruaridh’s thrusts.

They moved together, finding natural crests and falls in the rhythm, each moaning low and ragged. As the thrusts picked up force, Ruaridh wrapped an arm around Noah and pulled him backwards. He fell on his back, straightening his legs and letting Noah sit straddling him, sinking even deeper onto him. He grabbed Noah’s hips again, holding them tight and practically pulling him on and off his cock. Noah, never one to sit back when presented with opportunity, moved his legs into a crouching position and began to move. He bounced himself up and down the entire length of Ruaridh’s cock, enjoying the groans, whimpers, and whispered profanities it elicited from him. 

He moved his hips, adjusting them until he felt the heavy, warm metal ring pressing consistently in the perfect spot. He writhed, enough to stimulate Ruaridh but not enough to lose the pressure of the ring pushing against his prostate.

“Fuck, Ruaridh, I think-“ he moaned and his fingers tightened their grip on Ruaridh’s legs.

The Scotsman’s hand tightened on his hips. “Do it, come for me.” His voice was practically a growl now. 

Noah fucked himself on Ruaridh’s cock, letting the pressure build until he finally he felt the orgasm overtake him. He had given himself one hands free orgasm before, but this was a whole different experience. He threw his head back, gulping for air. The sheen of sweat over his back and chest suddenly felt ice cold on his skin as waves of hot, deep, pulsing pleasure overtook him. 

He collapsed backward limply, falling onto the warm form of his lover. He felt hazy and overloaded.

“Fuck that felt incredible. Now let’s bring you on home.” Ruaridh whispered in his ear, arms coming up to wrap around the wizard and hold them close.

“I- I think I just did.” Noah gasped.

Ruaridh laughed, the sound rattling through both their bodies. “Not yet.” He moved and Noah cried out as he remembered the hard cock in him. He reached back, grabbing a sweaty handful of a Ruaridh’s thick, curly hair. 

The Scotsman moved gently now, sliding inside Noah slowly and deliberately. Noah, hand shaking, reached down and found his still hard cock and started stroking himself in time. He was already close. He felt raw, exposed, and almost primal. 

He whimpered as he felt Ruaridh’s hands move, his right coming to rest just beside Noah’s thumping heart and holding him steady. His left hand slide lower, coming to rest just under his naval. Both hands were large, open and warm, and their touch felt shockingly intimate.

“Can I- in you- that’s okay?” Ruaridh managed to get out, grunting from the strain of holding back his orgasm.

Unable to find the words among all the sensations, Noah reached up with his free left hand, and laid it on top of Ruaridh’s, squeezing it firmly as he moaned.

Ruaridh pushed fully into Noah, burying his face into the wizard’s neck and kissing it hungrily. He groaned as he pulsed inside the gorgeous man on top of him. Noah gave himself over, shooting up himself in hot, thick ropes. He could feel his hole clench down, tightening around Ruaridh, and he could feel the hard pulses as the man came inside him.

They lay there, breathing heavily in the moonlight. Ruaridh’s dick went back to a softer state and slide most of the way out of Noah, only needing a hand when Noah’s arse closed on the ring halfway out.

In the darkness, the moonlight illuminated the thick streak of cum up Noah’s body, standing out like pearls against the deep brown of his skin. He moved Ruaridh’s hand and slowly slid into the space besides him  on the bed. They didn’t notice as both of them drifted to sleep, naked in each other’s arms.

The next morning Noah woke cuddled against Ruaridh, his arms wrapped around the wizard and their bodies pressed close together. One look at the clock told him he was going to be very late for work today but, for the first time in a long while, Noah didn’t care.