Chapter 1: Chapter 1
    




Chapter Text
Draco was just enjoying a lapdance at his favourite muggle strip club when he saw someone walk in. Usually, he was too preoccupied with the guy on his lap to even notice anything else, but his senses had been tuned to that hair, that walk, that posture. He had spent six years of his life obsessing over them and then some. So he was pretty sure Harry Potter had just walked into a gay strip club. The saviour of the wizarding world looked around. It was him. No doubt. It had been a few years since Draco had seen him last, on the platform of the Hogwarts express. Ever since then, they’d avoided each other. Even though their sons were best friends, it wasn’t that hard. Draco just dropped Scorpius off as early as possible, since he knew any family with Weasley in them would not arrive any earlier than absolutely necessary. Except for the Granger-Weasley family of course, but it was neither Granger nor Weasley Draco was avoiding so he didn’t mind running into them and having small talk. Harry Potter, on the other hand, was a completely different matter. Harry Potter was dangerous. And right now, Harry Potter seemed extraordinarily drunk. Draco didn’t even notice his lapdance had ended and the stripper had gone on to somebody else. His eyes were transfixed on the boy who lived. The man who almost stumbled into a couple that was making out quite graphically near the door. It just seemed so surreal. Of all the wizards who could have walked into this particular gay club in London, it had to be Harry fucking Potter. He hadn’t noticed Draco yet and Draco wasn’t sure whether he wanted to be noticed. For now, he decided to observe. Potter was looking around with a puzzled look that Draco would have rather expected on Weasley’s face. He had a little scruff, which made him look rugged and wore a sweatshirt Draco wouldn’t have been caught dead in. And he was still unfairly handsome, of course. He staggered towards the bar. Draco felt a little silly hiding behind a pillar and spying on Potter. He hadn’t done that in years. The golden boy sat down at the bar and ordered a drink. The bartender said something, probably about all the alcohol Potter had already consumed, but Potter made a dismissive gesture. When he had his drink, he leaned against the bar and let his eyes wander again. He looked like he was scanning the crowd. What was he scanning for? Then, Potter’s eyes met those of a muggle on the other end of the room. The guy smirked. Draco hated him. Potter smirked back. Draco’s blood froze in his veins. Before he could even fathom what he was doing, he made his way to Potter, always keeping an eye on the stranger. He had to reach Potter before that man. And he did.“Now”, he purred into Potter’s ear. “What is the hero of wizardkind doing in an establishment such as this?”Potter jumped and almost spilled his drink over himself. “Holy fucking hell! Malfoy!”“Such words out of the mouth of the chosen one!”, Draco said. He couldn’t help the grin on his face. Potter scowled at him.“Fuck off.”He started to look around, but Draco said: “If you are looking for the…  gentleman  who was approaching you before, I am pretty sure he was scared off.”“Gee, thanks!”, Potter said sarcastically.Draco leaned next to him on the bar, signalling that he wasn’t leaving any time soon.“So what are you doing here? Finally decided to live out your bisexual tendencies?” Draco really hoped he wouldn’t push Potter too far.“Decided is one word for it.”Draco raised an eyebrow. “Someone forced you to come here?”“Don’t you read the prophet?”“Why would I? They only have dreadful things to say about me and my family. And everything else is lies.”“Well, Ginny is leaving me for Luna.”That did indeed surprise Draco. Not that the youngest Weasley had turned out to be interested in women, no. But that she had chosen an airhead like Luna Lovegood over Harry Potter.“And then she said she feels like I never got a chance to ‘explore’ this side of me since we got married just after the war and now I’m here.”“Exploring”, Draco said.“And anyway, what are you doing here, Malfoy? As far as I know, you are still happily married.”Draco couldn’t help but laugh. “Potter, I know you had a lot to do with all your Saviour duties, but me being gay has pretty much been an open secret since our Hogwarts days. The marriage between Astoria and me is nothing more than the means to produce a Malfoy heir and get our parents off our backs.”He had really missed that dumbstruck look on Potter’s face. It was delightful.“So let me get this straight”, Potter said and Draco failed not to chuckle about his choice of words. “You’re gay?”“Yes. Gay as Grindelwald.”“Grindelwald was gay?”“Potter, did you pay  any attention in history of magic?”“Of course not, Binns was our worst teacher.”“We had Umbridge, Lockhart and literal death eaters as teachers and you call Binns the worst?”Potter shrugged and mumbled: “His class was boring.”Draco laughed again. Who would have thought Potter could be funny?They leaned next to each other in comfortable silence. Well, as much silence as there could be in a strip club. Suddenly, the loud music bothered Draco. He looked at Potter, who seemed more relaxed than before. Less disoriented and drunk.“This will sound very weird, but if you would like to continue having a conversation, would you be opposed to moving it somewhere else?”“Are you asking me out, Malfoy?”“If I was, you’d know. Trust me”, Draco deadpanned.“It is pretty loud in here. Have anything in mind?”Draco nodded and, on instinct, took Potter’s hand. Potter, to Draco’s surprise, didn’t pull it away. And so Draco walked through a gay strip club in London. Hand in hand with Harry Potter. Would the wonders ever cease? 
  When they reached their destination, Draco reluctantly let go of Potter’s hand. He felt the warmth linger.They were at the shore of the Thames, a spot where one could see the lights of Muggle London. Most importantly, there was a bench that Draco had enchanted to be warm. Now in September, as the evenings were starting to grow cold again, this was a nice feature. He made a sweeping gesture. “Welcome to the viewpoint of undisturbed conversation.”Now it was Potter’s turn to raise an eyebrow, but he didn’t say anything. Instead, he sat down on the bench. “Why is it warm?”, he asked.“We are wizards, you know.”Potter rolled his eyes. Draco had to stop thinking every single thing he did was endearing. But it was hard.They sat down and Draco wrecked his brain about what to say. There were a thousand things he could say, but at least half of them would ruin the evening. Fortunately, Potter saved him.“How… how did you know? That you’re gay I mean.”Draco shrugged. “I’ve never been interested in girls and that didn’t change as I grew older. I was, however, interested in guys.”Potter seemed to contemplate something. The tiniest part of Draco was afraid Potter would add up two and two, but then again, logic had never been Potter’s strong suit. Still, he had to be careful with what he said. His long-lasting crush was a secret he would take to his grave. Well. It wasn’t really a secret. Pretty much the whole house of Slytherin knew. And his parents at least suspected something. But still. It was important that Potter didn’t know. Never found out.“So you never had a crush on any girl?”“No.”“What about Pansy?”“Lesbian.”“What?”“Yes. And she showed more courage than me. She actually went against her parent’s wishes and married not only a woman but also a muggle. Her wife truly is lovely.”“You know, Ginny accused me of being ‘heteronormative’ and I’m starting to see what she means.”Draco shrugged. “Most people are. Don’t beat yourself up over it.”“That’s what she said”, Potter said and then chuckled. “That’s what she said”, he mumbled once more and Draco didn’t know if he was skirting over into hysterical territory.Potter seemed to read his mind because he said: “Don’t worry, it’s a muggle joke.”Draco nodded. Silence stretched out again, real silence this time. It surprised Draco how not terrible this was. It actually felt kind of natural. Sitting with Potter on the shore of the Thames. Looking over London. Talking about sexuality.“What lead your ex-wife to think you might not be as straight as you thought?”, Draco asked after a while.Potter shrugged. “She’s pretty sure I had a crush on Bill. Her oldest brother.”“And? Did you?”Again, a shrug. “I mean, he's very handsome. And I know I always felt a little flustered around him back then. But it didn’t feel like it did with Ginny. Or Cho for that matter.”“Well”, Draco said. “My bisexual friend told me that for her, there was a difference between crushes on girls and crushes on guys. She wasn’t making a lot of sense, because she was drunk off her ass, but still. Maybe that’s a bi thing?”Potter put his thinking face on and Draco really wanted to take his hand again. Or stroke his arm. Or kiss him. Mostly he wanted to kiss him.“You could be right.”“Can you imagine what your fourteen-year-old self would think if someone told him I of all people helped you figure out your sexuality?”, Draco joked.Potter actually laughed. “He would definitely not think it would go like this. Most probably he’d think we had an angry make-out session and that made me realise I didn’t only like girls but guys too.” Angry make-out session . Harry Potter had just voiced one of Draco’s schoolday fantasies. It wasn’t confined to his schooldays. He had often imagined how, during one of their many fights, he’d just push Potter against the wall and make out with him. Sometimes it was Potter doing the pushing.Draco realised he was sitting there, staring at Potter in shock. He quickly closed his mouth and cleared his throat. Great. Not at all suspicious.“Well”, he said. And nothing else. His mind was blank. All he could think about was Harry Potter saying “angry make-out session”. Harry Potter had just said Draco could have been his gay awakening. With an angry make-out session. Harry Potter. Angry make-out session.“What would your fourteen-year-old self say? If you told him you helped me figure out my sexuality?”, Potter asked as if Draco wasn’t just making a complete fool of himself.Draco’s mouth went dry and he felt himself blush. It had been ages since he’d last blushed. He couldn’t even remember the last time his face heated up uncomfortably.“I assure you, my fourteen-year-old self wouldn’t be inclined to believe me. But if he did, he would come to similar conclusions as you.”Fourteen. They had been in year four. The Triwizard tournament. “Potter stinks” buttons. He had been turned into a ferret by Barty Crouch Jr.“I’m sorry”, Draco said, because this seemed as good a time as any and he had to say it. “I know  sorry doesn’t quite cut it. I was not a good kid. And I am sorry I made your life at Hogwarts harder than it had to be.”“You weren’t the only thing making my time at school hard”, Potter said.Draco rolled his eyes. “I know. On the grand scale, I was probably nothing more than a small hindrance or annoyance, at least the first few years.”“No, you actually were pretty high on my list of enemies. Second just after Voldemort.”Draco flinched when he heard that name, but waved off Potter’s concerned look.“But”, Potter carried on with a careful look at Draco. “You were something I could deal with. Yes, you made my life harder, but I had Hermione and Ron and all the Weasleys, the other Gryffindors. Often the Ravenclaws and Hufflepuffs too. And with time, most of what you did just seems petty.”Draco huffed. “That’s one way to put it.”He couldn’t help but feel that he was being let off easy. It had been his mission back then to make Potter’s life at Hogwarts as miserable as possible after he had refused to shake Draco’s hand in front of the whole year.“Did you know we suspected that you were the heir of Slytherin in year two?”, Harry asked.“What?”, Draco laughed.“Yes. I was sure you were the one controlling the basilisk. We even infiltrated the common room and interrogated you. Used polyjuice potion.”“In year two?”Draco was impressed. Even he wouldn’t have dared to touch that potion when he was 12, least of all brew it.“Yes. Hermione made it, of course. Ironically, she got the short end of the stick. She got a hair from Pansy’s cat, not Pansy herself.”“Wait”, Draco said. “Was that the week Granger was mysteriously ill and everyone was speculating she'd been turned to stone as well, but no one said anything?”Potter nodded.“One day, Potter, you will have to tell me what else you suspected me off.”He shrugged. “Pretty much everything. Except in year six. I had a rough year and you were the least of my problems.”Draco nodded. He could sympathise. Not fully, their situations had been quite different. But a little. It hadn’t been his best year. It also hadn’t been the worst year. Year seven had been worse. Absentmindedly, Draco stroked over his left wrist.“I think it's time for you to call me Harry”, Potter said.Draco looked at him. He had a small smile, a look that told Draco this was an apology for reopening old wounds. Potter- Harry. Harry wasn’t the one who should be apologising.Nevertheless, Draco smiled. “Well, then you should call me Draco.”He stretched out his hand and this time, Harry shook it.









Chapter 2: Chapter 2
    


Summary:

Is it a date? Are they "just friends"? Harry is a little confused and calls someone who can help out.



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text

Harry hadn’t planned to keep his friendship to Draco a secret. It just happened. He wasn’t ready to tell anyone about his newfound bisexuality yet, which meant he couldn’t tell anybody how he and Draco had met. So when Ron asked: “Up for a pint after work, mate?”, Harry just shook his head.

“I’m meeting someone.”

Ron wiggled his eyebrows. “

Someone

.”

“It’s not like that!”, Harry said. Still, he couldn’t help a small blush.

Ron laughed. “Whatever you say. But I’m glad to see you’re getting over Ginny. Does that mean you’ll come to the Burrow dinner this month? Mom’s growing worried.”

“It wasn’t my fault I was stuck at work last time! Also, you know Ginny and me are still friends, right?”, Harry asked.

“Yes, I know. But if you’d turned up to dinner as heartbroken as you were last month, it would have been pretty uncomfortable. Mom would be icy towards Ginny, we would pretend not to notice… Now that you’re getting back to your old self, we won’t have to go through that.”

“Molly wouldn’t be icy towards Ginny”, Harry said.

“Mate, you don’t know mom as well as you think. She still sees you as the lost boy in need of protection and love. Also, in this case, Ginny is pretty obviously the one at fault.”

Harry began to protest, but Ron held up a hand.

“I know, I know. It’s not her fault she fell in love with Luna while the two of you were still married. And they didn’t start a relationship until after you were split up. But still, mom would have seen it as her responsibility to stay with you. To work it out.”

“But Ron, that would have made both of us unhappy.”

Ron shrugged. “I know that. And mom probably does too. Anyway. It’s good to see you getting better. And you’ve already got 

someone

.”

“Again. Not that kind of someone.”

“Whatever you say”, Ron said with another wink.
 
 
Harry apparated into a phone booth close to the café where he was meeting Draco. They always met in muggle London. They could move much more freely. It didn’t surprise Harry too much that Draco had muggle money now. Scorpius always had some on him too. Some part of Harry couldn’t believe that Draco, his friend, was not only the father of his son’s best friend but also the same person as Malfoy, his school nemesis.

Of course, Draco already had a coffee on the table in front of him. To each of their little chats, he had been early. Harry rolled his eyes and smiled. Something he’d been doing a lot over the past two weeks when it came to Draco. But he was just too ridiculous sometimes.

“Potter”, Draco said in his best Malfoy sneer.

“Malfoy”, Harry reiterated. They held each other’s stare until Draco’s mouth twitch and curve into a smile. Harry broke too and grinned.

“What have you got there?”, he asked with a nod at Draco’s cup.

“You wouldn’t like it. But you’ll definitely like the frappucino with caramel syrup. As we have established by now, you have the taste buds of a little child.”

Again, the eyeroll and the smile. Harry went to the counter and ordered what Draco had recommended. He took a cookie for good measure and made his way back to their table.

Neither of them said anything as Harry tried his drink.

“You know”, he said. “I hate how much I love this.”

Draco’s smile made Harry’s ears grow warm. That wasn’t really new, but after what Ron had said, Harry paid attention to it for the first time. 

Someone

.

“Anything interesting happening at the ministry? Beside the usual incompetence?”, Draco asked, sipping his cup. It was probably just coffee. For whichever reason, Draco enjoyed bitter tastes. More than once, Harry’s mind had wandered to the dirty side after that revelation. Today was no different.

“Nothing special. Ron thinks I’m seeing someone.”

Harry probably shouldn’t enjoy the effect his words had on Draco. But it was always amusing to break Draco’s composure. So him trying to hide a cough as he choked on his coffee was a big win.

“Well, are you?”, Draco asked and Harry laughed.

“Besides you? No.”

Draco grew weirdly still at that comment. As he did every time Harry mentioned anything that even remotely hinted at the two of them being more than friends. He had his theories as to the reason for Draco’s reaction, but he wasn’t sure about any of them.

“I gather you still haven’t told anyone about our friendship yet?”, Draco asked.

Harry shrugged. “To tell them I’d have to tell them how it came about, but that would involve me coming out and I don’t want to do that.”

Draco nodded. “I can understand that.”

“It’s not like they wouldn’t accept me – I know they would. For Merlin’s sake, they accepted Ginny and the only issue was her leaving me. But it just seems so bothersome. It’s just a part of me I don’t want to share yet.”

“You could tell your ex-wife”, Draco said. He never called Ginny anything other than Harry’s “ex-wife”. Harry really didn’t know what to make of that. So he didn’t linger too much on it.

“Draco Malfoy, as always your wondrous ideas astonish me. Leave me speechless. Absolutely overwhelmed.”

“For someone who’s speechless, you’re talking quite a lot”, Draco mumbled, but he couldn’t hide his smile. Maybe he didn’t even try.

Harry smiled back.
 
  
The more he thought about it, the more Harry realised Draco’s idea was actually good. So he called Ginny on the cellphone Mr Weasley had gotten all of them last Christmas. They worked even when surrounded by magic. Quite practical.

“Yes?”, Ginny asked.

“Hi”, he said.

“Oh, hi Harry!” The joy in her voice was elevating and even though Harry knew it was over, he couldn’t stop the little bubble of love in his stomach.

“So. Uhm. I would like to meet and talk.”

“Of course”, Ginny said. “Your place or my place?”

How fast she’d stopped saying “our place”. Harry had gotten the family house for now. “It’s only fair”, Ginny had said. “I am the one leaving you. You should have as little inconvenience as possible.”

“My place”, Harry answered. It felt wrong in his mouth.

“Great. For dinner? Earlier? Later?”

“Maybe a glass of wine after dinner?”

“Sounds good. See you then.”

“Yeah, see you then.” 

Love you

, he thought. Only one month ago, he would have said it too. But not anymore. Now, they just said “Bye” and hung up. Sometimes, Harry missed her a lot.
 
  
As promised, Ginny showed up after dinner with a bottle of wine.

They hugged as a greeting. It felt a little weird. That was the person Harry used to share everything with. They used to use the bathroom together each morning. Sleep in the same bed each night. And now, Ginny was just a visitor dropping by.

“This is weird”, she said.

Harry laughed. “It is. And I’m glad it’s not just me.”

“Of course not. Harry, I did love you and I will always care about you. You know that.”

Harry didn’t know what to say to that, so he just nodded.

After a moment of awkward silence, he said: “Well, let’s go to the living room. You know the way.”

He had already prepared the table with two empty wine glasses. They sat down on their family couch. Harry on his usual spot, Ginny not on her usual spot, but at some distance from him.

“How’s Luna?”, Harry asked while pouring them wine.

“She’s currently researching centaur culture. She’s really loving it and Hagrid is a great help. As are the centaurs in the forbidden forest. They are the least shy and aggressive centaurs out there.”

Harry crooked an eyebrow. “So you’re a centaur expert now?”

“Luna’s the expert. I just listen to her.”

Ginny seemed happy. Happier than Harry had seen her in some time. After the divorce, they hadn’t seen each other much, even though they had promised to stay friends. In the last two months, they’d only met up twice.

“I’m glad you are doing well”, Harry said.

She smiled. “Thank you. That means a lot.”

“Will you bring her along to the burrow on Saturday?”

Ginny took a sip of wine. “Probably not. I think I’m not ready. And I don’t know if she’s ready either. Or you, for that matter.”

“I don’t know if I’m ready either,” Harry shrugged. “But I think I never really will be. It’ll be weird to see you with somebody else at first, no matter when that ‘at first’ is.”

Harry quite liked the wine Ginny had brought and told her as much.

“Thank you. Now, why did you call me? Certainly not to talk about Luna and me.”

Harry shrugged. “I like talking about Luna and you.”

“Harry.”

Her annoyed wife voice. He really needed a new name for that. Harry sighed and took a deep sip of wine.

“So”, he said. “Remember how you told me that you thought I had a crush on Bill? And how you told me I should go out and experiment?”

“Yes, I remember. You never really had time to figure yourself out with your saviour duties and all that. Now that you're a free man, you can finally do that.”

Harry nodded and took another sip. His glass was empty. He refilled it. Ginny knew he was stalling, so she asked: “And, did you? Go out and experiment I mean?”

“I did go out, yes”, Harry said.

Ginny’s eyes started to glow excitedly. “Could you please just tell me? I don’t want to force every single bit of information out of you.”

Harry sighed. Another sip of wine.

“You were right”, he said.

“Yes!”, Ginny exclaimed. Which was not exactly the reaction Harry had expected, but still not totally surprising. She loved to be right.

“But that’s not why I called you over.”

Ginny frowned a little. “If not that, then… Oh, have you met someone? So quickly?”

“You can’t control when your heart decides to fall in love, wasn’t that what you told me?”

Ginny looked sheepish. “Yes. I did. So what’s his name?”

“How do you know it’s a he?”

“Because if it wasn’t, you would be talking to Ron or Hermione. Or any of your other friends. Really, your ex-wife is probably the last person you would talk to about future romances unless you had no one else. So. Who is he?”

Harry took another sip of wine. Sometimes he underestimated how smart Ginny was.

“First off, it’s not like that. He helped me figure stuff out 

through talking

”, Harry emphasised when Ginny began to smirk, “And ever since then, we’ve been meeting casually for talks. That’s all there is to it. A friendship. I made a new friend.”

“That’s cool too”, she said. “It’s important to have a queer support network.”

“Yeah uhm”, Harry stammered. “The thing is, you know him. And the others know him too. From school. And that’s where things get complicated.”

“I see”, Ginny said. Then, after Harry just nibbled on his wine without saying anything for a while: “Is it Malfoy?”

“H...how do you know that?”

She counted off on her hand. “He was at Hogwarts, he’s pretty gay and he’s the only person all of us know where you could apply the word ‘complicated’.”

“Since when are you so good at deductive reasoning?”, Harry asked in awe.

Ginny huffed. “I’m a journalist. It’s what I do. Anyway, so you and Malfoy are friends now?”

“Yes.”

“And you can’t tell anybody, because then you would have to tell them how you met and you’re not ready yet.”

“Yes”, Harry said relieved. He was glad he didn’t have to say it himself. 

Ginny downed the last wine from her glass and poured some more. She also gave Harry some.

“So how exactly did the two of you meet?”, she asked.

Harry told her about that night when he had been drinking with Ron and Hermione after she had told him about Luna. They’d offered to take him home, but he had insisted on walking to clear his head. Somehow, he had ended up in front of a gay club and decided to go in. He told her how he’d met Draco, how they’d talked and how they’d been meeting for coffee ever since.

“Can I just say that it’s really weird to hear you call him Draco?”, she said.

Harry nodded. “You can.”

The wine bottle was almost empty now and both of them were a little tipsy.

“But sounds like he’s changed.”

Harry nodded again. He didn’t like drinking wine. It always made his tongue heavy and he grew tired.

“So. Friendship? Or is it developing in a different direction?”

Of course she would ask. Harry had wanted her to ask. But now that the question was out there, hanging in the air, Harry wasn’t so sure he wanted to answer. So he just sat, silently counting the wooden squares on their, no 

his

, living room table.

“You do know your silence speaks volumes, right?”

Harry would have prefered not to answer, but he didn’t want Ginny to think he had drifted off, so he nodded.

“From your side? From his side? Both?”

Harry felt tears rise into his eyes and that really didn’t make sense now, did it? Merlin, he hated wine. Why had he suggested it in the first place? He blinked a few times and tried to speak around the knot in his throat. “I...”, he croaked. Ginny transfigured the remaining wine in his glass into water. Harry shot her a grateful look and drank it. Then he cleared his throat and tried again. “I’m not sure”, he said. “That’s why I needed to talk to you.”
 
 
After a talk that lasted hours,  Harry was sure of one thing: He had a crush on Draco Malfoy. What he still didn't know was if Draco felt the same way.





Notes:

I just realised this is my first multi-chapter fic I'm actually going to finish!If you liked it, please leave a comment or kudos, they really make my day.You're also always welcome to check my writeblr!










Chapter 3: Chapter 3
    


Summary:

Draco is really not as confused as Harry. Another coffee chat could change that. (It doesn't)



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text

Draco had assumed, foolishly, really, that his feelings for Harry would lessen over time. That, the more he got to know the person behind the image he had cultivated around the praised hero, the less inclined he’d be to kiss him. He discovered that the opposite was the case. Before, it had only been mostly physical attraction, an infatuation. A crush, yes, but not much more. Now that he was actually spending time with Harry, however, he started to like him. There were a million little things, like the way Harry’s nose always twitched a little when he tried to hold back a laugh or his inexplicable hatred of pigeons. And each little thing Draco discovered made his heart grow fonder.

“Blaise, I’m fucked," he said and let his head fall onto his friend’s kitchen table.

Blaise shot him an amused look from the kitchen counter. “Totally whipped," he said. “No escape for you. You’re on Potter’s leash forever.”

Draco groaned. He had come to France to visit Blaise because everyone in England had grown tired of hearing him complain about Harry. Pansy had said that he was giving her Hogwarts flashbacks.

Blaise patted Draco’s head on his way to his seat. “We’ve all known for a while now that your crush on Potter is like one of those really bad colds: Whenever you think it’s gone, it returns full force.”

“Maybe, but it’s been 

decades

! Sustaining a crush for that long is just pathetic,” Draco complained.

“You’re completely right, but at least now you’re friends with him. And spend more time with him than any of your old school friends like me or Pansy. I’d call that rude, but I know we’ve got nothing on the boy who lived, so I’ll let it slide.”

“It’s not my fault the two of you are always busy! And I’m here now, am I not?”

“Only because no one else will listen to you whine about your Potter situation. But it’s okay, I know you’ll listen to me rant about my problems at work once you’re done.”

“Blaise, I’m forty," Draco said with a sigh. “I’ve been married to Astoria for almost twenty years.”

Blaise frowned. “Why are you telling me that? I know both of these things. And at least the age is one thing I would prefer you didn’t mention. You know I am still grieving my twenties.”

“My point is that I have no business 

still

 crushing on Harry Potter. Or again. Whatever. He’s the father of my son’s best friend!”

“What does that have to do with anything? The way I see it, my friend, is that you’ve got a once in a lifetime opportunity. You’ve pined after Potter since we were teenagers. Sure, there’ve been breaks, but let’s be real, Potter was always on top of your 

‘To do’

 list.” Draco groaned at the innuendo, but Blaise didn’t pay any attention to him. “What I’m saying is this. You’re friends now. You’re going on fricking 

coffee dates

. Please do us all a favour and just go for it. If he rejects you, well. That would suck. But you’d just go back to avoiding him at all costs like you did before. And if he doesn’t - and honestly, from what you’ve been telling me, that man has been flirting with you basically since you met - if he doesn’t, well, you’d be dating Harry Potter. Basically, your dream come true.”

Draco didn’t say anything. Usually, he wouldn’t take any advice Blaise gave him, because usually, any advice Blaise gave him sucked. But he was not the first one who told him to finally fess up and do something about his crush. Both Pansy and Astoria had basically ordered him to go for it. Astoria had even offered to get a divorce. “

We have Scorpius. I don’t see why we should stay married, especially if you’re going to be in a relationship soon. Also, I don’t want to be known as the woman you cheated on with the Chosen One

," she’d said. Their marriage had always had an expiration date, they’d both known that.

Still, Draco was a little baffled that none of his friends were discouraging him from taking action. Even Goyle had remarked that if finally taking action would stop Draco’s “Potter rants," he was fully supportive. But years of secretly crushing on Potter were hard to shake. He couldn’t just flip the switch from ‘I’d rather die than do anything about this’ to ‘Now actively pursuing a relationship with Potter’. It didn’t work like that. 

He 

didn’t work like that.

“So now that I have given you my great Blaise advice, it’s my turn to complain. Have you 

seen 

how badly we’re doing this quidditch season? Any Hogwarts school team could beat us! But does the management allow me to switch some players? Of course not!”

Draco was only half listening to Blaise ramble about the problems the team he was coaching had. His mind was still on Harry. And it stayed there.
 
 
Of course, Draco was early for their next coffee chat. He liked to acquaint himself with the establishment, settle in a little and mentally prepare. Harry had selected the venue this time, one of those small cafés that only fit eight people and had walls lined with books. This one had armchairs instead of regular chairs. Quite quaint. He took the table farthest from the door. It was the only one with even an illusion of privacy. He ordered his usual black coffee and sat down to wait. His thoughts wandered to the things he had to take care of over the next few weeks. Only two weeks and Scorpius would have his first Quidditch game of the season. He was now Slytherin’s main keeper. Draco was immensely proud of his son and had told him such on numerous occasions. Sometimes he realised just how much the relationship between him and his son differed from the one he had with his father. Of course, his father had cared for him. For the Malfoys, family always came first. But his father had always been cold, distant. More of a figure than a real person. Draco had admired him, had wanted to be like him. Now, he couldn’t be happier that he was not.

“You look almost as gloomy as the sky," Harry said as a greeting. Draco had been so lost in his thoughts, he hadn’t even noticed him.

“I was thinking about my father.”

“Oh," was all Harry said. “I’m gonna order. We can talk about it if you want.”

Draco didn’t know if he wanted that. He had, generally, gotten a lot better with communication. Partially, this was because Pansy had married a communication coach who had influenced their whole circle of friends. They were now more open with each other. Closer. Still, there were a lot of things they didn’t talk about. Their parents were one of those things.

Harry sat down across from Draco. They sat in silence for a while, Harry sipping his probably devilishly sweet drink. Draco would never understand how he could bear such an attack on his taste buds.

“Tomorrow is burrow dinner," Harry said when Draco didn’t start talking.

“That sounds like quite the lively occasion," Draco said. He was grateful Harry didn’t push him. Maybe he would tell him about his thoughts later. But right now, he didn’t want to think about the past anymore.

“Depends. During the school year, it’s often just Molly, Arthur, Ron, Hermione and me. Sometimes Fred and Percy join, other times Bill and Fleur or Charlie. Andromeda and Teddy are also always welcome, but they’re often busy.”

“My aunt Andromeda?," Draco asked.

“I always forget Tonks was your cousin. Yes, your aunt Andromeda.”

“Mother sometimes talks about her. I think she misses her.”

Harry smiled. “Maybe she should just reach out. As far as I know, Andromeda would be happy about a reconciliation; if your mother has changed some of her views of course.”

Draco thought for a moment. His mother had changed, certainly. But they never talked about anything that even remotely touched any topics that could lead to debate. He had to admit, he didn’t know whether his mother’s views had changed or just her nature. He didn’t even know whether her heart had ever been in it, or if she had just been doing her duty as a good daughter and wife.

Apropos wife... 

“Astoria and I are getting a divorce," Draco said calmly. He tried to seem as detached and uninterested as possible, but he was very much interested in Harry’s reaction.

Harry just stared at him for a few seconds before asking: “What about Scorpio?”

“Oh, he knows our marriage is more of a marriage of convenience and that we will always be his parents. And since we already have separate bedrooms, not much will change apart from the two of us no longer being married.”

Harry nodded and looked into his mug for a while. “When we told the children, Lily took it the hardest. Especially since I insisted that we don’t tell them about Luna yet. It seemed to her that we’d just decided to end our marriage out of the blue. She hasn’t written to either of us since we told them, but according to James’s most recent letter, she’s getting better.”

“Not everyone would have kept the real reason to themselves to protect their ex-spouse.”

Harry shrugged. “I see it less as the real reason and more as the catalyst. We had been going through the motions for a while, Luna just helped Ginny realise that.”

Draco was in awe of how understanding Harry was. It was quite apparent he’d loved the Weasley girl. But for him, love meant wanting the other person to be happy even if it was without him.

“By the way,” Harry said in a faux-cheery voice. “I took your advice and told her about us.” He looked way too relaxed, too nonchalant.

With a raised eyebrow, Draco asked: “What exactly did you tell her?”

Harry didn’t meet his eyes as he said: “Just that we met at a gay club and are friends now. That’s it.”

Draco huffed. Harry really was a miserable liar. “If you say so, Potter.”

“I do say so, Malfoy.”

“And what was her opinion on… this?” He didn’t want to say “us”. “Us” sounded too much like they were a couple. They weren’t. They were friends. That was it.

“She approved. Said it was important for me to have a ‘queer support network’, whatever that’s supposed to mean.”

“I don’t know if I would count myself as a support network," Draco said with a raised eyebrow.

“You did help me a lot. And I enjoy our little dates," Harry said and took a sip from his sugar bomb.


Dates

. Even though Draco’s friends always referred to his coffee chats with Harry as such, neither of them had dared to mention that word. Until now. He was on a date with Harry Potter. Of course, that didn’t necessarily mean anything romantic. One of the greatest shortcomings of the English language was that there was no word for a casual meeting between two friends.

“She guessed it was you though.”

“How so?," Draco asked and hoped Harry didn’t notice the slight quiver in his voice. He really had to get it together. His paranoia regarding his crush was getting out of control.

“I just said I’d met someone from Hogwarts at a gay bar and that it was a little complicated," Harry said and shrugged. “She immediately knew who it was.”

Draco didn’t know whether to be impressed or mortified. He settled for impressed. “And here I thought the ministry lover was the smart one," he said.

Harry rolled his eyes. “You know, the Weasleys have names.”

“I know," Draco said. “I have just never been acquainted with them.”

“Is that your weird way of saying you would like to meet my family?" Harry asked with a grin. Draco was pretty sure he was teasing. Still, he blushed.

Harry’s grin widened a little. “One day, Draco, I will introduce you to every single Weasley. With the children.”

“I can’t wait," Draco said dryly. Inside, he was dancing.





Notes:

halfway through, lads! since it's already 3.30 am where I live, I'm going to bed now. I'll post the remaining chapters some other time. (I wrote the first draft of this in February, so all the chapters are written, they just need to be polished a little).Pls comment or give me kudos, I live for the feedback. You can also find me on tumblr.










Chapter 4



Summary:

A burrow dinner and a Quidditch match.



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
Despite what he had told Draco, dinner at the burrow was always lively. It was just in the nature of things. No one arrived on time, nothing went as planned and everyone had something to say.
Harry loved it. The chaos made his heart swell and even though he always came home tired, he fell asleep absolutely content.
This time, it was Fred, Percy, Ron, Hermione, Harry and of course Mr. and Mrs. Weasley. Ginny wasn’t there yet, but she'd said she would be running late.
“And you are sure you are alright on your own, Harry dear?," Molly asked. “You know you are always welcome here!”
Harry shook his head. “I really am fine, Molly. But thank you.”
Molly sighed. She was worried about him, Harry could tell. And if she had seen him just after the breakup, she would probably have forced him to stay at the burrow for at least two weeks. But he had been getting better. It wasn’t as if their marriage had been in its hay day. As he saw it, their divorce had been the best things for everyone involved.
Arthur was just telling them about the wizarding wide web. With more and more muggle borns in the ministry and the advance of the world wide web (not to mention a muggle born minister of magic), a new department for muggle technologies had been opened. Its purpose was a modernisation of the wizarding world and a modification of muggle technologies so they would work even while subjected to magic. Of course there was heavy opposition from traditionalists. But that didn’t stop Mr. Weasley from being the most enthusiastic head of the department.
Even though Harry only understood about half what he was saying, he loved listening to Arthur ramble about computers and magic.
There was a sharp crack and Ginny walked in.
“Hi," Ginny said. “Sorry I’m late, I had to stop by Luna’s dad first.”
“Of course," Arthur nodded. “And how is he?”
Ginny shrugged. “Same as always.”
“Good, good," Arthur said.
“Are you going to stand there all day or will you sit down? The food doesn’t stay warm for ever!” Molly said harshly.
Ginny smiled and sat down next to Harry.
“Hi," he said.
“Hi.”
“No Luna then?”
Ginny shook her head. “She’s at her dad’s house, I’ll pick her up afterwards. But she made me promise to bring for christmas dinner.”
Harry smiled. “I’m looking forward to that.”
Ginny raised an eyebrow.
“I really am!," he insisted.
“You’re not just saying that because you always want what’s best for others and put yourself last?”
“I am not.”
Ginny smiled.
“Oi, Gin!," Fred said from the other end of the table. “Percy and I were wondering if your girlfriend could…”
The next words he only mouthed and Harry had always been quite rubbish when it came to lip reading so he didn’t even try.
Ginny laughed and Harry was filled with a weird mixture of grief and happiness. Part of him was still sad they weren’t sharing a life anymore, that he was more of an outsider. But he knew that the divorce had been a good thing. Ginny was happy. And he would be too.Two weeks later was Gryffindor’s first quidditch match of the season. And of course, Harry, Ginny, Ron and Hermione went to see their kids play.
“It is a little bit of a waste to have Gryffindor and Slytherin be the first match," Ron muttered on the walk from Hogsmead to Hogwarts. As always on Quidditch Saturdays, they had met in the Three Broomsticks for some butterbeer before making their way to the castle.
“Maybe they finally realised that a deciding match between the two houses with the biggest rivalry can’t end well," Hermione said.
Harry shook his head. “The order of matches is decided by chance. No one has any control over it.”
“And the rivalry between the two has gotten less severe since we were students," Ginny added.
“Still, they are the best teams," Ron argued.
“Ron, you are biased from your school days," Ginny interjected. “In the six years James has been at Hogwarts, Hufflepuff and Ravenclaw both won the cup twice. Slytherin and Gryffindor have only started to come into their own in recent years.”
“Sometimes I forget you love Quidditch probably even more than me," Ron sighed.
“Probably?”
“Mate, take it from someone who was married to her: No one in this world loves Quidditch more than Ginny. Except maybe Oliver Wood.”
Ginny laughed. “Oliver is on a whole other level. For him, there is nothing in life beyond Quidditch.”
“I, meanwhile, still don’t see the appeal in it," Hermione said.
Ron gasped dramatically and grabbed his chest. “Betrayed by my own wife!”
“You still love me though," Hermione said and gave him a quick peck on the cheek.
“So you took time out of your busy minister schedule to watch a sport you don’t even care about?," Harry asked.
“I do care about my kids. And Rosie said she would be very disappointed if I wasn’t there.”
From there on, they talked about their kids until they arrived at the Quidditch field. They were early, the students hadn’t arrived yet. But they weren’t the first parents there. Of course not. There was one person sitting in the first row.
Harry couldn’t help a grin as he said: “Malfoy.”
Draco looked the group over and nodded courtly. “Potter. Madam Minister. Weasley. Other Weasley.”
“First row reserved or is there still space for us?," Ginny asked.
“Feel free," Draco said.
Harry shot a quick glance at the others, then he sat down next to Draco. Hermione furrowed her brows, but didn’t say anything. Her and Ron sat down next to Harry and Ginny was at the other side of them.
“Your timely appearance is probably thanks to the minister?," Draco asked.
“Of course it’s thanks to Hermione. We could have had at least one more butterbeer. But no, we had to go.”
“Better one hour early than five minutes late," Hermione said, albeit a little confused.
Draco nodded. “That’s what I always say too.”
They sat in silence for a while and it took everything for Harry not to burst out laughing. Ron’s and Hermione’s confusion with the whole situation was hilarious. Ginny and Draco had bemused gleams in their eyes to.
“Al wrote Scorpius did a great job as keeper last week," Ginny said.
“That he did," Draco beamed. “Hufflepuff had almost no chance to score. Of course it wasn’t only him. The team in general is much better this year.”
“Gryffindor isn’t half bad either," Ron chimed in. “With James as captain and Rosie as seeker, I don’t know if Slytherin even stands a chance.”
They discussed each team’s chances of winning as the ranks slowly filled.
Professor McGonagall was the first teacher to arrive.
“Mr. Potter. Mrs. Granger. Mr. Weasley. Mr. Malfoy. Ms… Well, whatever you are to be called now. I still disapprove of parents coming to the Quidditch matches.”
“I took my maiden name again, Professor," Ginny said.
“I see," McGonagall said, glancing at each of them over the brim of her glasses. “As you are already here, I suppose there is no sense in sending you home. But the rules still apply. You are not to have contact with your children. It would not be fair to those who are not on the Quidditch team. And I hope this time, you didn’t invite the press.”
With that, she went up to the headmaster’s seat.
“We never invite the press," Harry mumbled. “It still always finds us.”
“It hasn’t found us yet," Draco said in a low voice and Harry’s ears grew hot.
“Yeah, but that’s because we always meet in muggle London," he murmured so only Draco could hear him. “They don’t really like it there.”
He shot a quick glance to his right and found Ron and Hermione staring at him in disbelieve. They didn’t say anything. Yet.After the game – Gryffindor had won, but only because Rose had caught the snitch just before Slytherin had scored another goal – they went down to Hagrid’s hut. Draco had said his goodbyes already, so it was the four of them again. At first, they talked about the game and its most spectacular moments. And how proud they each were of their kids. When that was done with, Harry just waited for the inevitable question to come.
“So. Malfoy," Ron just said.
“What about him?”
Hermione chimed in: “Harry, don’t play dumb.”
“I sincerely don’t know what you mean," Harry said with a small grin that made Hermione roll her eyes.
“Is he the someone you’re always meeting after work?”
He hadn’t thought Ron would figure it out that quickly, but he decided to play it cool. “Perhaps," he shrugged.
“Since when are the two of you friends?," Hermione asked.
“Since that one night we went out drinking in London.”
“That was in September, Harry! You’ve been friends with Malfoy for more than two months!," Ron exclaimed.
“Really? I hadn’t noticed.”
He had noticed. Of course he had. Or rather, Draco had. “Two month ago today you interrupted my lap dance.” “Oh, I am very sorry. I’ll make it up to you.” Draco had blushed and the next time he’d spoken, his voice had had that little quiver he always got when he was nervous. Teasing him was always a delight.
“You have been seeing Malfoy for two month and didn’t tell us anything?," Hermione asked.
Suddenly, Harry understood why Draco sometimes got so flustered and nervous. Why he tensed up when Harry’s teasing delved into the area of flirting.
“I’m not ‘seeing’ Malfoy," Harry said. “We’re meeting for coffee once a week, sometimes more. That’s it.”
Hermione frowned. “That’s not what I-”
“Harry and Malfoy are friends, they meet for coffee sometimes and now you know. That’s all.”
He could have kissed Ginny in that moment. She’d saved him from a bunch of questions he was not prepared to deal with at the moment.
Harry’s mind was still stuck on his realisation from a few moments ago and remained stuck on that epiphany for the next few hours. He had become defensive and flustered because Hermione had gotten too close to the truth. Or rather, too close to what Harry wanted to be the truth.




Notes:

*rolls in more than a year later with the next chapter*What can I say, the lack of comments was incredibly discouraging so I didn't really feel like posting but I read the first three chapters again and had a very "WHERE'S THE REST, OP!!" kind of feeling just that I'm OP and know exactly where the remaining chapters are. I might edit the first three chapters a little, punctuation and grammar aren't always top-notch. I'm sure I overlooked some mistakes this time too, for some reason it's 3:30 am AGAIN as I'm writing this.Let's hope y'all won't have to wait as long for the last two chapters!










Chapter 5



Summary:

Draco comes over for some tea.



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
“So this is where Scorpius spends half his breaks," Draco said when Harry had finished giving him a small tour of the house. He quite liked it. It was exactly what he had imagined, a cozy family home. A little empty, now that Harry was living here alone. He especially liked the book case under the stairs, even though Harry had seemed to willfully ignore it.
“Actually," Harry said. “We’re mostly at the burrow during summer holidays. So he only spends about a quarter of his breaks here.”
Draco nodded. Then he asked: “Granger and Weasley know now?”
“Well, they know we’re friends who regularly meet for coffee conversations. Ginny kept them from asking how this had come to be.”
“I’ve said it once and I’ll say it again, but only because she isn’t here: You have a very smart ex wife.”
As they were making their way back to the living room, Harry asked: “Have you told your friends about us?”
By now, Draco was sure that Harry was doing these things at purpose. Using words like “date” and “us”. Because whenever he did, Harry had an air of fake nonchalance. Draco hated how much it got under his skin.
“Of course," he nodded. He was a Slytherin. He had been born to seem unbothered. He could do this. “I’ve told Pansy, Blaise and Astoria. Daphne probably knows too, since Astoria tells her sister pretty much everything.”
Draco sat down on the couch. It was more comfortable than the one in his own home. His couch had been chosen for the style, as had almost everything in his house. It was clear that the Potter-Weasley household took comfort over style. Typically Gryffindor.
“Do you want tea? I don’t have coffee, but I do have some wine Ginny chose and some dark chocolate.”
“You want to serve tea and dark chocolate?," Draco asked with a raised eyebrow.
“Hey, I’m an auror, not a chef.”
“You’re not only an auror, you are head auror.”
Draco would have thought: ‘There he goes again. Potter the ungrateful. Always complaining about being the Chosen One. Never wanting to play his part.’ But he knew better now. “I’ll take a black tea without sugar or milk, but with lemon juice if you have some.”
After putting on the kettle, Harry leaned against the doorframe between the kitchen and the living room. It looked so domestic, so casual. Draco wanted to get up, place a quick kiss on Potter’s mouth and then help him in the kitchen.
Well. That was it. Draco was officially lost. Fantasising about kissing Harry or bedding him (albeit a bed not always being involved) was one thing. That was familiar. Draco had done that in their school days, though often embedded with less tender caring and more anger. But fantasising about helping him in the kitchen? He didn’t just have a crush anymore. This was no longer simple infatuation based on lust and physical attraction mixed with a growing platonic regard. He was in love. Fuck.
“Everything alright?," Potter asked with a small frown.
Draco nodded. “I just realised something, that’s all.”
“Must have been quite the realisation. You’re white as a sheet.” The water had finished boiling and Harry went back into the kitchen to prepare their tea. “Do you want that chocolate? No one else is gonna eat it.”
“Then why do you have it?," Draco asked.
There was no answer, but when Harry came into the living room, he was wearing a smile that meant he felt a little embarrassed. Caught. “Truth to be told, I got it for you.”
Warmth filled Draco’s whole body. Such a small gesture could do that to him. Potter getting him dark chocolate because he knew Draco liked bitter things. “Thank you," Draco said sincerely.
Harry shrugged as he set down the tea set and the chocolate for Draco. “It’s no big deal, really.”
He placed himself on the couch and stretched his legs so his feet ended up in Draco’s lap. The mood was different this time. It made him a little nervous.
“So," Harry asked. That didn’t make it better. “Who were your school crushes?”
He had known this question would be coming eventually. He just hadn’t expected it right now. Still, he did his best to seem unperturbed and shrugged.
“It’s just that I remember in our first talk, you said you were never interested in girls, but you were interested in guys. I’m just curious.”
Harry knew what he was doing, Draco was pretty sure of that by now. The way he was stretching himself like a self-satisfied cat. Instead of an answer, Draco took a piece of chocolate.
“This is good," he said. And it was. Very good.
Harry nodded. “The lady in the store said so.”
He moved his legs so that his right foot was now under Draco’s thigh. The left one was working its way between his legs. Draco concentrated on breathing steadily and not moving at all.
“But you haven’t answered my question. Any school crushes?”
Draco’s mind raced. His Slytherin silver tongue was failing him at such a crucial moment. It was very hard to concentrate with Harry’s right foot wandering closer and closer to Draco’s butt.
“Well," Draco said and cleared his throat. Then he took a sip of tea. The tea was good. Just that it added heat where no further heat was needed. Draco was beginning to sweat.
“My first school crush was also my longest school crush. It wasn’t requited. Mind you, that doesn’t mean I didn’t fool around with some guys, one of them even broke my heart, but yeah. This one guy really ‘had me whipped’, as Blaise has so often put it.”
Thankfully, Harry stopped moving his feet. Instead, he listened intently to Draco, teacup in hand. When had he gotten closer? Harry was now sitting, knees bend. The space separating Draco from him seemed to shrink by the second.
“Do I know the guy?," Harry asked. Not in that forced conversational tone, thank Merlin. He wasn’t trying to hide his curiosity any longer.
“Well, it was Hogwarts and he was in our year, so you most definitely knew the guy.”
Harry squeezed Draco’s thigh between his feet as he came closer still. “Was he a Slytherin?”
Draco shook his head, unable to form any coherent words for the moment. Harry set his tea cup down.
“Well, he probably wasn’t a Hufflepuff, you wouldn’t even look at someone from that house when we were at school - pretty unfair, I might add.”
Draco swallowed. “No," he croaked. “It wasn’t a Hufflepuff.”
“That only leaves two houses. Ravenclaw and Gryffindor. You know," Harry said, now so close his hand was touching Draco’s shoulder. “I’ve just realised when you have a crush on someone, you spend a lot of time talking about them. Thinking about them. Are a little fixated on them. And if you’re a teenager and that crush is unrequited, you might not know how to deal with that. Your crush might turn into bitterness. Contempt. You might spend all your energy trying to make your crush feel miserable. You know, Draco, if I didn’t know any better…”
Draco didn’t dare to move or breath, his eyes fixated on Potter’s lips which were about to say the words Draco had dreaded for almost thirty years.
“I'd almost think you had a crush on me," Harry finally said. If he moved any closer, he’d have to crawl onto Draco’s lap.
Still speechless, too many emotions roaring inside him, Draco just nodded.
“And from the way you’re staring at my lips right now," Harry said, his voice growing a little breathless. “I would almost think you wanted to kiss me.”
Draco’s eyes snapped up to Harry’s and he opened his mouth to protest, but Harry just said: “If you did want to kiss me, I wouldn’t object.”
Draco blinked. There was no way, not the slightest possibility, that Harry Potter, the guy he’d had a crush on since he was 11, the man he’d recently gotten to know and love, had just invited Draco to kiss him. It was impossible. Of course there had been teasing but this…
“Did you drink love potion?," Draco asked, because he was pretty sure he wasn’t dreaming, even though that was a possibility. Harry frowned, still almost sitting on Draco’s lap. His position had to be pretty uncomfortable. He must have great core strength, Draco thought.
“Why would I drink love potion? And why would that love potion make me fall for you?”
Good points. Very good points.
“You are really Harry?," Draco asked.
Harry nodded.
“And you really just said if I wanted to kiss you, you wouldn’t object?”
Again, a nod, this time accompanied by that smile which was so often followed by an eyeroll.
Draco kept staring at him for two more seconds. Then, he placed his one hand on Harry’s back, with the other, he slowly reached for his cheek.
“Oh for Merlin’s sake," Harry murmured and kissed him.
Draco was pretty sure his brain was malfunctioning. There was no way the simple act of two lips meeting could make him so happy. Harry opened his mouth a little and sucked on Draco’s bottom lip. If he hadn’t been sitting, Draco was sure he would have fallen down.
Harry laid down on the couch again and took Draco with him. They stopped for a second and looked at each other, smiling. Draco leaned down to whisper into Harry’s ear: “If we ever tell anyone this story, we leave out the part where I thought you’d been hexed.”
Harry laughed and if Draco's heart hadn't already been gone, it would have been now.




Notes:

Two chapters for the price of one! The epilogue is the only part that isn't quite finished yet but I'll get to it. After some sleep. Kudos and comments are always appreciated, you're also very welcome to come say hi to me on tumblr!










Chapter 6: Epilogue
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text

“I did promise you and Christmas break is as good a time as any," Harry said, his hand slowly stroking up and down Draco’s back. He loved having Draco in his arms, loved having Draco in his bed, loved waking up next to Draco and loved everything they did in between. Most importantly, he loved Draco.

“We’ve been dating for barely two months and you already want to tell your whole family?", Draco asked.

Harry shrugged. “I have no one else to tell.”

Draco planted a kiss on Harry’s bare shoulder. “You could tell only some of them. Besides, I’ll have to be at the manor for Christmas.”

Harry hummed consideringly and continued slowly stroking Draco’s back.

After, they lay in silence for a while. Harry listened to Draco breathe and asked himself, not for the first time, how he’d gotten this lucky. He kissed Draco’s head and asked: “You do know I plan on never letting you go, right?”

It was the truth. He couldn’t imagine his life without Draco by his side. Yes, they had only been dating for almost two months. But everything about their relationship felt right to Harry, as if it had always been supposed to end this way.

“So much for you experimenting," Draco murmured and snuggled into Harry’s side. 

Harry laughed. “Experimentation is overrated. Especially when you have a boyfriend who is as fantastic as you.”

“Fantastic in which aspects?," Draco asked. He got up on his elbow and grinned. 

Instead of an answer, Harry just gently kissed him.
 
In the end, they decided that the new year's eve party was the perfect opportunity for Draco to meet everyone. It was big enough so trouble could easily be avoided.

They started to tell people, one by one. Of course Ginny and Luna already knew. The moment Draco had left after their first kiss, Harry had flooed over to Ginny’s place. Luna had been there and, after Harry’s first excitement had worn off, it had been a little weird. The only people he could talk to about his relationship were his ex-wife and her new partner. But through all this, he’d remembered that they were also his friends.

The reactions of the kids were all different. Albus and Scorpius seemed a little confused but ultimately happy for their dads, James was annoyed that now he'd have "four adults who thought they knew what was good for him". Harry told him that this wasn't true - Draco and Luna didn't really have any say in his upbringing and even if they had, they'd only have his best interest at heart.

Lilly took it the hardest. She didn't like change and, after the divorce, had been the only kid that had refused to talk to their mother for a while. Harry tried to make her see that, all in all, things would stay the same. He wasn't sure if he succeeded.
 
When they told Ron and Hermione over drinks, Ron triumphantly exclaimed: "Called it!"

Hermione huffed. "You did not."
 
Both Harry and Draco were most nervous when they walked up to the Burrow to tell the Weasleys. In the end, it went alright. Molly was kind enough to mask her slight shock as pleased surprise and Arthur just said: "Looking forward to having two Malfoys in the house this new year's."
 
Harry had never known how many people were important to him until he tried to tell all of them about Draco one by one.

"Honestly", Draco said when Harry returned home from Teddy and Andromeda's place. "I'm about ready to put an
 announcement into the Prophet.”

“I've got a better idea”, Harry said with a mischievous gleam in his eyes.


L.L.: Before we get into it, let me just say: You are glowing, Harry. Is that because of your new relationship?
 
H.P.: It is indeed, Luna! We've only been dating for a few months but ever since we ran into each other at a muggle night club in London, this person has continuously made my life better. I'm very much in love and very happy. 
 
L.L.: A muggle night club? So would our readers be right to assume you're dating a muggle? 
 
H.P.: Actually, no. Both of us were at Hogwarts and when we saw each other, we were, to put it mildly, very surprised. Neither of us had expected to see anyone we knew, especially not someone we had such a checkered history with. After that night, though, we became friends after that and, slowly but surely, it developed into more. 
 
L.L.: So, can we expect you and your beau to make a public appearance any time soon?
 
H.P.: Honestly, right now we’re just enjoying a little privacy. I just wanted to get ahead of any rumours and say: If you see me walking arm in arm with someone down Diagon Alley, don’t be surprised. And, if you are a decent person, please don’t take pictures and sell them to the Prophet. Sell them to the Quibbler instead.
 
L.L.: You’ve heard it here first, folks! But now to the actual reason you came today. What are your thoughts on Minister Granger’s proposed reform regarding the rights and classification of magical creatures?
 
H.P.: To be quite honest...


Draco was writing a letter to Scorpius in his study when Pansy burst in.

“Firstly”, she said. “It’s barbaric that I have to walk so far after flooing here. Why is your only floo access on the ground floor? And on the opposite side of the house too?”

Draco looked up. “Hello to you too, Pansy. Make yourself welcome. We like having privacy and a warning before guests appear in our living quarters which, I’m quite sure, I’ve told you before.”

She sat down on an armchair and waved dismissively. “Yeah, yeah. That’s not actually what I came for.”

“Oh, you didn’t just decide to visit your old pal you’ve been neglecting the past few months because, quote, ‘All that Potter talk makes me feel like we’re back at school’?”

“Shut up, I was busy!” She pulled a copy of the Daily Prophet from her pocket and read out loud: “‘Who is Harry Potter’s Mystery Beau? Which dashing witch has captured the heart of the most eligible wizard divorcee? More on page eight.’ Really, Draco?”

Draco laughed. “It was Harry’s idea to do the Quibbler interview and leave the press guessing for a while. He was growing kind of tired of coming out.”

When Pansy didn’t say anything for a while, Draco returned to writing his letter.

“Have you really thought about this?”, she asked, making him look up again. “I mean, you might not be the most despised man in the wizarding world but even though you got acquitted at your trial, ‘former death eater collaborators’ still rank pretty low in the public opinion.”

He had thought about it. In fact, he and Harry had had some long talks about it. But as much as Harry himself despised it, he was a public figure and anyone close to him got dragged into the limelight. Eventually, their relationship would become public knowledge; they could either tell the press outright, not say anything and be discovered surprisingly and probably against their will or have a little fun with it. Even though Draco hadn’t come out publicly - he’d always been of the opinion that his sexuality was none of the public’s business, besides, he had been married to Astoria - he truly had no problem with it now. He also didn't really mind that he'd most probably be cast as a "villain" who seduced the darling of the wizarding world. He'd born worse and, at the end of the day, the wizarding public would have to get used to the fact that Harry Potter and Draco Malfoy were dating now. He wasn't looking forward to spending time in the limelight again but it wasn't as if he had much of a choice.

He told Pansy as much.

“Let’s hope this all works out for the best, then”, Pansy said.

Draco nodded, still a little lost in his thoughts.

“So”, Pansy asked in a cheery tone, “when are we going to have the honour of meeting your mystery beau, the legendary champion of your heart, the Man Who Loved?”

This made Draco laugh and he said: “We don’t really have anything planned but if he’s free, maybe he can come to our next game night?”
 
He was free.


New Year’s Eve came and with it the yearly Burrow party. With virtually the entire Weasley clan and their respective friends being invited, the Burrow was filled to the brim and even the tents that got put up were often packed. It was always a chaotic and jolly affair.

Harry and Draco arrived a little late. They apparated into Ginny’s old room where they had promised to meet up with Ginny and Luna. Something about "dividing the attention". Both Harry and Draco doubted it would work but they appreciated the help. Since a lot of the Prophet’s pre-Christmas headlines had revolved around Harry’s love life, culminating in: “Harry Potter: Dating a War Criminal?”, no one should be surprised to see Draco there. Still, they were both nervous. 

They didn't just find Ginny and Luna waiting but also Ron and Hermione.

"What are you doing here?", Harry asked. 

"Supporting you, of course!", Hermione said as she went to hug both of them. "When Ginny told me about your plan to divvy up the attention, I thought it might work even better with Ron and me in the mix too, make it seem more natural."

"Also, we're hiding from Uncle Fletcher. But mostly, we're here for you two." 

"You guys are the best, you know that, right?", Harry asked, grinning.

Draco seemed almost surprised at the support. Harry sincerely hoped Draco would soon get over his fear that Harry's friends and family a secretly hated him.
 
They mingled and, all night long, Harry didn't leave Draco's side once. Draco got introduces to a seemingly endless flood of Weasleys and friends but since he already knew most of them from Scorpius's stories, it felt less like meeting new people and more like those people he'd only known as names the last few years finally coming to life. He could put faces to the names now and, more often than not, those faces gave him an open smile.

Like most Weasley parties, this one had a few mishaps. Uncle Fletcher, to the surprise of no one, tripped over his own feet and fell right into Molly’s new year’s cake. Charlie, honouring his role as the “cool uncle”, had given the kids dragon models that could actually spit fire. It hadn't occurred to him how that might lead to Hugo's robe catching flames and the poor boy running around the house in panic while the other children tried to catch him and put the fire out without anyone noticing. They failed that last part when Rose shot water from her wand and doused more people than just Hugo in water. Still, it was fun.
 
Later, when the new year had started and the first guests started to leave, Harry and Draco finally got a moment to themselves. They were lying in the garden, looking up at the stars and waiting for the world to stop spinning so fast.

“I don't think I've ever been to an event that was this chaotic apart from maybe Blaise’s second bachelor party,” Draco said.

Harry laughed. “But you had fun?”

“I had fun. It was nice to be a part of this. And now I finally know who Scorpius is talking about.”

Harry took Draco's hand and kissed it. "I'm happy you're here." 

"Me too."

They returned to their silence, both lost in their thoughts. The night was dark and cold but the stars in the sky seemed to whisper of a bright future filled with warmth and love.





Notes:

The end~I hope y'all enjoyed this half as much as I enjoyed writing it. It's by far the longest fic I've ever written and my first multi-chapter fic (that I hadn't already finished before posting) that I actually finished so woohoo for me!Since Drarry was my first ever slash ship, it's pretty close to my heart and I hope I did them justice with this fic! This would probably be the right time to mention that I haven't read the HP books in years so if there are any glaring inaccuracies, that's why.If you liked this, kudos and especially comments let me know that!