Chapter 1





Chapter Text
The first time was the night she died. The hour was incredibly late when you opened your door to a man you had not seen since he chose the darker path. You didn't know in that moment what had happened to cause him to seek you out, but you didn't need the explanation at the time. One look at him told you all you needed to know. If you refused him now, you may as well have pulled the trigger yourself. If that wasn't what made up your mind to give him everything, his next action sealed your fate."Please." he whispered, low and barely audibly whilst you stared deep into his eyes, drowning in the pain you found pooled there. It was the first of four words total he would speak aloud that time. Never had one word conveyed so much meaning.You placed a hand on his porcelain cheek. He looked like he might break into a thousand pieces just being touched by another in this small way. Leaning in, your lips connected for the first time. He tasted of the alcohol he had been consuming for hours before he had come to you; bitter and sharp to match his obvious loneliness.Tonight you would be whatever your long lost friend required.Seperating after a few seconds, you pulled him in through the door and closed it. He needed help to remove his outter cloak which you hung up carefully on the coat stand as he watched you wordlessly from the hallway.Bringing the dark haired man into your small studio apartment you offered him a drink which he declined with a shake of the head. You asked him if he would like to talk although you already knew he would decline again. You had simply asked to fill the stretching silence between you and the ghost of a man you once knew so well. Another shake. Closing the distance you took hold of his shoulders. He would no longer meet your eye. He was miles away in his mind but you could feel his body shaking under your hands. Not from the cold but as a physical symptom of how emotionally unstable he was feeling. He was normally so controlled and you began to feel real panic for your old friend."Sev, tell me what I can do. I want to help. I need to help. I still care about you. The years changed nothing." Still no reaction. You were starting to think he may never react until suddenly your mind found it. The one phrase you knew would snap him out of it."If you can't tell me, show me."It was a low blow. It was the exact words you had used when you were teens, when his father had first beat him badly. Then too had he shown up at your door in the middle of the night. He had shown you the cuts and bruises and you had charmed them away. At your request you had never told a soul, and from that day on you had always been there for him. Whatever he needed.His eyes snapped to you now, tears welling up in them, but the spell was broken.Hands grabbing your face he pulled you into him as he gently but insistently kissed you for the second time. Your bodies pressed together, you wound your hands around his neck and into his longish hair, his own slipping down your sides and finding a natural grip on your waist. He pulled you into him needily and you felt his urgency to be touched and held by another.Everything went by like a blur after that. Clothes melted away as did inhibitions. Considering his excess of alcohol he performed admirably, though his lack of experience made for a fumbled and less flourished affair. You didn't let him see your  lack of satisfaction for a moment, even when he cried out her name instead of yours as he came all to quickly inside of you. Tonight was simply about him getting what he needed. You let him lead the whole way through.In the morning you awoke to him sitting, fully clothed, on the edge of your bed beside you. He learnt down, kissed your forehead and tucked a strand of your hair behind your ear. "Thank you." Were the final two words he spoke, not unkindly, before standing and seeing himself out. You were left sitting in your now cold and lonely bed wondering when or if you would see him again.









Chapter 2: The second time
    




Chapter Text
The second time you were both drunk. It had been several weeks since your last encounter. Naturally you had since heard what had happened to the Potters which no doubt sparked the whole thing. You had sent several owls to Severus asking him if he was alright; that if he needed anything to let you know. Having heard nothing in return you figured that he needed to be left alone with his grief for the moment. He always had been the kind to suffer in solitude. Lilly's funeral had been a highly emotional affair. Hundreds turned up which was not unexpected. She was so loved and adored by most in the wizarding community. Part of you had hoped to see him there,  an excuse to check up on how he was doing, but you already knew it would be too risky of him to show his face there. An ex-death eater near such raw emotion was bound to cause a scene. Afterward there were drinks and snacks at the leaky cauldron whilst people swapped anecdotes and memories of the formidable witch. You sat and listened and, most importantly, you drank. You had your own grief to deal with. After all she had also been a close friend of your own. As the hours crept by the numbers dwindled, and soon you and the final handful said your goodbyes. As you stood to put on your coat, you caught a glimpse of a cloaked figure sitting at the corner table. This was not particularly irregular in the leaky cauldron. His choice of beverage however, that was what gave him away to you. Excusing yourself from the group you made you way to the back of the pub and sat down opposite the 'stranger'. He began speaking to you in that deep, claggy voice you utterly expected before he looked up to see who you were."And just what do you think you are... Oh... It's you.""Hi Severus. How are you doing?"He simply stared at you. After an uncomfortable silence you continued on."Since there's no one else around now you can put your hood down you know."Still nothing. "O...Kay. Well look, I have been really rather concerned about you over the last few weeks, and I am indeed also quite drunk, so here is what I am going to do. I am just going to keep talking until you join in or at least tell me if you are alright. Sound good? Great."And that was how it was, for the next half an hour or so. Just you whittling on at him as if he were part of the conversation. You told him all about the service, about your work, about anything and everything you could think of, desperately filling the silence in the hopes that you could somehow heal him by acting like everything was normal. This was of course a foolish plan, but then, you were genuinely quite drunk "Oh for the love of God, shut up!" He screamed, his hood flying down in the process.The man before you was not himself. His eyes were red and swollen whilst still somehow being sunken. His skin was paler than you had ever seen it. That didn't seem possible. Altogether he appeared as a poor, wax statue of himself. He was clearly not handling this well, but then what did you expect."Severus, I...""...clearly are still incapable of knowing when you are or are not wanted, just like when we were young."That touched a nerve. You closed your mouth and just stared at him, frozen for a moment as you felt the heat of emotion wash up from your toes to your head. Interestingly you could see the opposite happening to your table mate. He seemed to freeze, a sudden, deathly shock icing over the firey anger that had set his dark brown eyes ablaze just moments ago. A single tear squeezed out from the corner of your eye and made its pilgrimage down your face, ending up dripping onto your hand which had stilled on the edge of the table. This sensation awoke you into action."Goodbye Severus." You said quietly and rose to leave. "Y/n, wait... I didn't mean..." But you were already gone, fleeing towards the wintery night the other side of the door. There was no way he was leaving you with that as the last words he said to you. He finished the remnants in his glass and disapperated.Flying up your flat block's steps you fumbled for your keys desperately trying not to cry before you were in the safety of your home.  Once inside, you were met with the very same dark haired man sitting on the edge of your bed, looking up at you. You turned to leave, but he called out to you..."Y/n. I must apologise for my words. They were simply a culmination of the drink and my desperate instinct to push away the things I love the most when I am hurting. Forgive me. It was not my intention to share my misery."The sincerity of his words took you by suprise. He had never been one for openly discussing how he felt, nor one to apologise. "I suppose we are all quite emotional right now." You replied, sitting down next to him."Indeed." He offered."Listen, Sev. I know this is hard for you, and I can't even imagine what it's like. To lose your love. Not completely anyway. But I do know it's too much for one person to hold inside. Even if that person is you. You are strong Severus Snape, but not that strong." you state gently, placing your hand on his forearm and loosely pulling to turn his torso towards you, "Talk to me. I've always been here to listen to you. "Though he has turned, he still cannot meet your eye."I know. And I'm sorry I've ignored you. I just... I was so embarrassed after our last... Meeting." He responded quietly, eyes to the floor. Finally some colour blooms in his face as he blushes. "Ah. Well I don't know what you're so worried about. If I wasn't ok with it, I wouldn't have allowed it.""Yeah, but it's a bit fucking weird isn't it? Haven't seen you for years and suddenly... Well.""I don't know. If I think about it, it's not that weird at all. You felt probably very alone in that moment. Correct?"He nods."So you ended up chasing intimacy. Closeness. And not with some stranger, but with me, which also made sense. We've always been there for each other. Just never quite like that."He finally meets your eye. "Thank you. For everything. You have indeed always been there. I have started to feel as though I have taken that for granted. Especially in the past few years."You shrug. Truly you agree, and hearing him acknowlage it is music to your ears, but you don't let it show. He is already hurting enough right now.After that, he opened up entirely. He told you everything. Every little detail of what he was feeling. Everything he had been through to hide them and convince Dumbledore. How it had all been for nothing. In the end he had his head on your lap as you lent back on the headboard of your bed. Your hands slowly stroking though his silky hair as he unloaded everything. It turned out he was doing a lot better than you thought. He had already come to the conclusion that there was nothing more he could have done. He had accepted her death. And he had accepted a great many years ago that she would never love him like he loved her. It was 2 am by the time everything was said and done. You had both laughed and cried. You had not felt so close to him for a decade. As happy as you were in the moment, part of you had started to worry. The bit of yourself you had locked away all those years ago was in danger of breaking through the barriers. That would be awful. Suddenly quiet again, the man in your lap seemed to sense this small, almost imperceptible change in you. He stared at you for a moment and you felt as though he were staring right inside your mind. "So..." He stated, sitting up again and facing you."So..." You repeated, thankful to be off the hot seat for the moment.Or were you? Again you felt his eyes searching yours."Before. You said you couldn't fully understand my feelings. You can a bit though? Has there been someone in your life recently?" He asks gently."No. Not recently." You reply. It was not technically a lie."Y/n. You were right before. We are always there for each other. That works both ways. Tell me.It took some time for him to convince you, but in the end, all resistance you put up melted away, as things always did around him. He just seemed to have that power over you. It was one of the things that made you so weak for him.You told him in the end, all about how you loved someone for a long time. How you had never told him. How you instead had to watch him chase after another who would never love him like you could. Did. You kept all names out of it. No need to complicate things further.When all was said and done you realised you had been talking for half an hour without him even saying a word. "Oh Jesus, sorry Severus. Once I get going I really do just go on and on.""No. Don't apologise. It's good for you to get it all out. This man. You've never told him? He is totally unaware?""I think so. That or he doesn't want me.""Well. Either way, he is a total ignoramus. You are the single most beautiful and unflawed individual I have ever known inside and out. Any man should be so honoured to call you his. And if he can't see that, then more fool him."With that you felt your last ounce of self control dissolve, replaced only with a new sense of confidence and unimaginable wanting.Before you could stop yourself, you had surged forwards. Your lips found his and captured them with a kiss. Shit shit shit. You pulled away slightly and looked up at him to try and see his reaction.He was shocked, but not totally disgusted as you thought he may be. He was just kind of frozen. You kissed him again, on the cheek this time. Test the water so to speak.Suddenly snapping into action he turned his head and caught you off guard at the power of his kiss. You returned it as the tendrils of desire began slinking down you body and churning around the pit of your stomach. Fuck. This was happening all too fast. This was dangerous.