Chapter 1: Prologue
    




Chapter Text
The toddler tossed and turned before reaching his hands up to rub at his eyes. He felt groggy, and it was making him want to cry. But he had already cried enough that night he realised after he felt the sleepies in his eyes, a brief flash in his mind of yelling, and screaming, and a green light. He opened his eyes and stared up at the door before him, illuminated by the orange glow from the street lamps. A look around revealed that he was laying in a basket which blocked his view. He grabbed at the side to pull himself up, knocking a letter to the ground. The young child couldn’t quite bring his leg up enough to climb over the side of the basket, to his frustration, so he rocked against it. It didn’t take all that much to tip the basket over which caused him to tumble out. His lip quivered for a moment but he didn’t cry. He looked around and realised that it was nighttime. So that’s why he was sleeping! But he didn’t want to sleep anymore. He stood up on wobbly legs but couldn’t decide which way to go. He couldn’t see much, with how dark it was, as the streetlamps only illuminated spots along the street, but what he could see looked all the same to him. Identical streets, identical driveways, identical houses, even the vehicles looked similar in an eerie way. His lip quivered again at the scariness of it. Then he gritted his teeth and set off into the darkness. The boy toddled until he grew tired. He was about to sit down on the curb when he noticed a playground just a little ways away. He squealed in delight and toddled off towards it as fast as his little legs could go. The first piece of equipment he reached was the swing set, and he ran right into the second one from the left, swinging a ways with his belly on the seat. He laughed as his momentum pulled him back and forth until he slowed down enough for his short legs to reach the ground again. On his way to the slide he stopped and turned around, his head tilting in curiosity. A low growl was coming from the edge of the park. He stepped closer to the bushes and trees. In response a dark shape made its way out, crouched low and still growling.When it stepped a little closer, with the light illuminating it, the child squealed in delight.“Pa-pa-pa-foo!” he babbled as he ran to the creature, that had stepped back in confusion, and hugged the canine around its neck, burrowing his face into the fur. The wolf-like creature lay down, still stunned at the child’s reaction, causing the boy to plop down between his paws.He yawned, and before the wolf could do much more the child had fallen asleep. The wolf huffed in annoyance. He had hoped the child would get scared and run home, allowing him to hunt in the area in peace. Looking down at the child he frowned as his sensitive nose caught the remnant scents of burnt things and death.Perhaps the child didn’t have a family? The wolf stood and gently grabbed the child by the scruff of his onesie. Perhaps his Alpha would know what to do…

=^-^= 
There was a quiet commotion when the wolf arrived at his den. He dropped the child in the lap of a woman before shifting back into a man. He rubbed the back of his sandy haired head as the female gave him an irritated but confused look.“I didn’t realise we were in the business of kidnapping infants now.” she said.“Use your nose, woman.” he snapped. She sniffed, almost delicately, above the child’s scruffy black haired head. “Doesn’t seem like he had a good night.” she said scowling as she smelled the burning, death, and faint traces of many people who had all only held him briefly, and even those were faint. Another pack member approached.“Greyback won’t be pleased you know.” the burly man said, crossing his arms.“Nah, looks like we’ve got another orphan, this one is just a tad younger than we usually take in.” she said with a smirk and she watched the child slowly wake up, rubbing his eyes sleepily. He looked up at her with a confused look before looking around. Seeing all the other strange people standing around him, his bottom lip quivered. “Try shifting.” the sandy haired man told the burly one. The larger man raised an eyebrow but complied. The child noticed the wolf in his vicinity and laughed.He wiggled out of the woman’s arms and ran to the wolf squealing, “Pa-foo! Pa-foo!”“Pafu?” the woman asked. The man just shrugged in reply as the child tried to climb the large wolf who winced at the hands yanking on his fur. He laid down so the young boy wouldn’t hurt himself in his endeavour. Then another large wolf approached, even larger than the one that the child was playing on, with a dead buck draped across his back. He stood regally before the others, who all either sat up or stood straighter in his presence. The child saw the other wolf and ran to him laughing, but before he reached the wolf it had shifted into an imposing man with long, greying hair.He fell back in shock and began to cry while the man looked down on him in disdain. The sandy haired man quickly swept the child up in his arms, settling him down to just slight sniffles.“Silas. Explain.”“Well… Greyback… you see… he was alone and- and based on his scent he hasn’t any family. I couldn’t very well leave the little tyke…”Greyback nodded. “Fine. But he’ll be your responsibility until he’s old enough to turn since you brought him in without consulting the pack.” he said before sweeping to the back of the den to prepare the buck. Some of it would feed the pack tonight but the rest would be preserved for the winter. Silas sighed in relief, he had been a bit worried that his Alpha would make him take the boy back because of how young he was. Suddenly he smelled something wretched, and he looked down at the child with disgust on his face. “Holy hell boy! Is that you?!”A woman joined in on the boy’s laughing as she approached. “Here, I’ll wash him for you this time.” she said with emphasis on the last two words. Their pack was lucky to have a den situated between a stream and a river. One they used for drinking, the other for cleaning. “Thanks Louise.” Silas said, rubbing the back of his head as he followed her to the riverbank, still holding his nose. She gave him a brief ‘mhmm’ before stripping the child of his onesie and diaper. “Here you can wash this, I’ll take care of the rest.” she said handing him the onesie. She dunked the child quickly into the frigid water and he let out an ear-piercing screech. She used a cloth she had brought to wipe him down quickly before swaddling him into a fluffy blanket. She then set him down securely between two rocks so he couldn’t wriggle away before turning back to the river to wash the cloth diaper. “Well I guess we have a name.” said Silas as he was washing the onesie.“Hmm?” Louise inquired. He showed her, just inside at the back of the neck of the onesie, was a carefully stitched name, Hadrian.









Chapter 2



Notes:
Happy New Year! Here's a teaser chapter, I won't have any kind of posting schedule yet since I've still got more plot kinks to work out. Hope you enjoy and feel free to subscribe to receive updates.




Chapter Text

1997
Albus Dumbledore, Order of Merlin, first class, Headmaster of Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, Supreme Mugwump of the International Confederation of Wizards, and Chief Warlock of the Wizengamot, sat at his desk staring at various sheets of paper. His mind was wandering, though, and if asked, he wouldn’t have been able to say what was on the parchment in front of him.A knock at his door startled him out of his reverie and he bade whoever it was to enter. "Ah, Minerva." he said, fondness in his tone. "This is the final year, Albus." she said making his grandfatherly smile turn down, "If there’s still no reply…""Give it time, Minerva. It is only June after all." His gaze turned towards the sunlit window, softly saying, "There’s still time."McGonagall nearly rolled her eyes. "Six years and no reply, what makes you think that this year will be different?" she asked, her tone bordering on exasperated. She had so much respect for the older man but she couldn’t understand why he held so dearly to this search."Because we need him in the upcoming war and all other methods of finding him have failed." he held up a hand as Minerva attempted to speak up, "I can feel it coming. Something dark on the winds. I just wish we had more time to prepare the boy for what is to come.""That’s just it Albus! He’ll be just a boy. As much as an extra wand will help in whatever battles are to come, I don’t understand your insistence that he will be a deciding factor in them." "Have you considered that knowing why may be just as dangerous, my dear?" he sighed, conjuring up some tea for them both. It looked like this would be a longer conversation than he had expected,  "The truth is we don’t know what side of the war young Harry will be on at this point, and if his magic turns out to be as dark as Voldemort’s… then we may have more to fear in this war.""But surely one boy…""I assure you, Minerva, that he will be. He is a child of prophecy after all."McGonagall startled at that. This was the first mention of any prophecy, and though she couldn’t say she fully believed in such things it did shed light on Albus’ fervour in finding the missing Potter heir.They sat in silence for a while, drinking their tea; Minerva thinking over this new information and Albus observing her.  A knock startled them both.A tall man with peppered hair entered when called in. "Mr Cresswell! Thank you for coming here today." Dumbledore said, a genial smile covering his previous pensive expression. The man, Cresswell, glanced over at McGonagall; his eyes asked the question that he seemed too nervous to ask aloud. "Not to worry, Mr Cresswell. Professor McGonagall here is part of the Order as well." Cresswell nodded, "I’ve gained some news through the Goblins. As you know I’ve become close friends with Gornuk and he’s just informed me about money being moved rapidly between various suspected Death Eater’s accounts. The pattern matches similar movements that happened just before a raid during the previous war." The man hesitated before asking nervously in a whispered tone, "Is he back, Dumbledore?""Too soon to tell, Dirk, my boy. Thank you for this information, and I appreciate the swiftness of it. You were right to be wary of providing this information in front of unknown company. I’ll be in touch soon." he finished dismissively. Cresswell inclined his head before leaving the Headmaster’s office. "You don’t think…""No I don’t, Minerva. Though these transactions have been happening more frequently as of late. If Voldemort is back, perhaps he is still too weak to command his forces as he once did. What concerns me is that these quiet movements don’t give us enough information to know what they might be planning or to make any plans of our own." "And is this one of the reasons you hope to find the Potter boy? You-Know-Who went after the Potter family once, do you think having the last remaining member here would draw him out into the open?" McGonagall asked, her tone hinting at her distaste at using a child for bait. "Perhaps he might, but my main concern is his magic. Minerva, this boy has the power to defeat Voldemort. If he was raised to embrace the dark arts, I fear he may be convinced to join him or worse, decide to become the next Dark Lord."McGonagall’s eyes widened at that thought before narrowing, "Albus, the letters always return unopened. What if the boy is dead? You are hinging our success on this boy but we don’t even know if he still exists."Albus shook his head, once again turning to the window. "He must, my dear. Our world the way we know it, depends on it."

=^-^=
Dark trees, oddly warped.The sound of wings taking off in the distance.Leaves, twigs, roots beneath his feet, either softening his step or trying to trip him.He exhaled sharply as one root succeeded, sending him tumbling down a small slope. After rolling to a stop he slapped a hand over his mouth to keep from sounding his frustration. If only he could shift like his dad could! Then he’d be able to get away from his attacker. He shuffled into the hollow base of a fallen tree, hoping to catch his breath. Breathe, he told himself silently. Dad said it didn’t come from the mind, it came from the soul! A meeting between the wolf and the man… well boy in his case. It was slow but soon he felt the telltale tingle as his limbs began to change length and fur covered his skin. His face morphed, and a tail grew. The process grew easier every time he shifted, but he struggled with finding the balance within him that allowed it outside of the full moon.He panted heavily as he recovered from the shift. He couldn’t stay here for much longer, it would be easy for someone to spot him here, but he was still too winded to run right now. Not that he had much choice."Hadrian! Oh, Hades!" a voice called, trying to sound sweet.The hidden wolf cub clamped its jaws shut, breathing shallowly through his nose, as leaves rustled beside the log he was hiding in. There was a brief silence as the man stopped. He cursed before continuing on past Hadrian, though if he had looked back he would have seen the glowing eyes of the cub within the log. Hadrian waited until he could no longer see or hear the man before taking off at a right angle to the direction that the man had disappeared in. Unfortunately, Hadrian hadn’t counted on being ambushed, a sandy coloured wolf soon snapping at his heels. He ran through the dark forest, trees blurring around him. An owl hooted somewhere in the distance, branches bounced off his shoulders, a frightened voice called out from somewhere, "Harry! Harry!"Hadrian opened his eyes to the worried face of his brother. The blonde haired boy let out a sigh of relief now that Harry was awake. "Wake up when I call you!" he said, feigning exasperation. Harry gave him a slight shove in response before stretching with a wince. "Seemed like a worse one than usual." the blonde hedged."Dray…""Harry."Harry rolled his eyes and looked away, "It was more a memory than a dream." he said quietly. "Of that night?" Draco asked, just as softly. A nod was Harry’s only reply. They had spoken of his past here and there but it hurt too much to talk about his old pack. The door to the bedroom swung open then and their mother glided into the room."Rise and shine boys." she said lightly as she set two potions next to Hadrian’s bed. Hadrian groaned. "None of that Hadrian. As much as I would like, I cannot have you lounging around! Your Aunt is coming by for her yearly visit and you know what Lucius would say if any hint of your condition was discovered. So down those quickly, get washed and dressed, and meet us in the drawing room for breakfast." She swept out of the room and Draco burst out laughing as Harry grumbled, taking up his potions. The blonde began to head out of the room, calling behind him "No lounging around Harry!". He dodged a pillow that was aimed for his head and ducked out of the room still laughing. Harry himself chuckled as well as he worked on stretching his sore muscles. As easy as it was for him to shift naturally these days, the force of the full moon still took a lot out of him. A quick shower and he was making his way down to the drawing room. He peeked around the doorway before heading in, glad to see that Lucius hadn’t yet arrived. Hadrian hoped that he would be too busy for breakfast this morning. He wasn’t that lucky. The head of the Malfoy family graced their presence just as Hadrian had finished filling his plate. Lucius clapped a hand on Draco’s shoulder as he gave his wife a quick peck on the cheek before settling into his own seat. "Draco, as you’ve had a week to review your marks, have you decided on your courses for the upcoming year?" Lucius asked as he gracefully buttered his crumpet. "Of course I’ll be continuing Runes and Alchemy, though I was considering adding Arithmancy this year as well, if Harry doesn’t take Magical Theory that is." Draco replied, focusing on the way he held his cutlery more than he had a moment before. Harry meanwhile winced internally at the sharp look that Lucius shot at him and stared resolutely at his plate."Focus on yourself, Draco, on your own advancements. Don’t choose your classes based on who is able to follow you into them but rather on what will serve you best in the future. It is your final year after all and soon after you’ll be following in my footsteps. Remember that."Lucius shared some light conversation with Narcissa before he finished his meal and departed to his office. Harry internally deflated and gave Draco a sharp tap with his foot. "Hey!" cried Draco."Draco, take your just desserts. You shouldn’t have drawn your father’s attention to Hadrian in that way." Narcissa chastised, "Now, boys, do you have everything prepared for the ball in two week’s time? Invitations sent? Robes received? Entertainments booked?""Yes mother." they chorused."Wonderful." she said with a fond smile. Her husband may only have one son but she was grateful to have both her boys in her life. "How have your wings been faring Draco? Do you need more of that ointment from your godfather?"Draco blushed, ever since his veela inheritance on his birthday, he’d been having trouble keeping his wings contained. Even now, he could feel them almost vibrating just beneath the skin of his back. "Yes please." he said, avoiding his mother’s gaze."Draco dear, it’s nothing to be embarrassed about! The first veela in the family in a century, you should be proud.""Hadrian has creature blood too and we don’t celebrate that fact." Draco mumbled."Draco. First of all don’t mumble, it isn’t fitting of the Malfoy heir. Secondly, you know your father’s views on this topic and there won’t be another word on it." she said sternly, her lips pursing. As much as she hated it she also knew that her husband wouldn’t change his mind on this matter. Hadrian meanwhile tried to keep his head down. He may have been more afraid of Lucius but Narcissa’s anger was nothing to sneer at. "Harry dear, do you need any potions for yourself?" she asked, drawing his attention."Umm. Well, I’ll need more wolfsbane for the next full moon. I used the last of my stores this month." Harry said to his plate. Draco may not have understood the difference in their blood but Harry did. How many times had Lucius drilled into him the difference between an inheritance and an infection?"No worries, dear. I’ll get that sorted out when I speak to Severus tomorrow, perhaps he’s just running behind. You know how he gets with his summer projects after all." she said, the last to Draco who would spend a week at the start of every summer helping and learning from his godfather. While the two continued to talk about their plans for the next few weeks Hadrian excused himself and retreated to his room. There he unlocked the top drawer of his desk and took the book that was inside over to his bed with a well worn quill.Morning Tom. He wrote.Good morning, Hadrian. Did you sleep well? The book replied.
Not really. Old memories, probably triggered by the full moon.

Ah, yes. That was last night wasn’t it. How did you fare?

Same as always. The moon always sings the sweetest when she’s full. 
Why Hadrian, I didn’t know you were a poet. Harry chuckled out loud.Don’t make me start quoting Ol’ Yorick. I will! I wouldn’t dare! He could almost hear Tom laughing, like a faint echo of it caressing his mind.
Any new ideas from you then? Draco has been asking, well not about you. You know I wouldn’t talk about you without your say so, but you know…
You’re still giving my ideas to him? Harry winced at the budding anger he could feel emanating from the book, I’ve asked you time and again Hadrian, to fulfil my wishes yourself!
And who would listen to me! Who would listen to a lowly werewolf who isn’t even properly part of the sacred twenty-eight? Who’s a Black only by adoption? Tell me Tom!

Hadrian. I’ve told you what to do. Take Malfoy’s power for yourself. You have the strength-

But not the will. I know what my place is with Draco. Stop trying to make me into something I’m not!
Harry slammed the book shut before Tom could reply. He took a deep breath and caressed the cover of the journal, feeling Tom’s soothing magic and trying to drown out his words. Tom never understood what being dutiful to Draco meant to Harry. It meant having a home, and a family. Over the five years that Harry had been talking to Tom through the diary he had tried multiple times to explain but Tom’s superiority complex prevented him from understanding. He considered for a moment reopening the book and just ignoring that topic but he knew that Tom would yell at him first for slamming the book shut on him and he didn’t want to deal with that. Instead, he got up and tucked the book away and pulled out his homework instead.