Chapter 1: Quid pro quo
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
  


“I am not an angel,’ I asserted; ‘and I will not be one till I die: I will be myself.’” — Charlotte Brontë, Jane Eyre

 
It was always misty in the mornings on Long Island: the vapor clung to the branches of the trees and hung low on the grounds like bedsheets laid across a clothesline. The sight made Credence think of laundry days at Miss Barebone’s, which made his stomach twist uneasily. He didn’t miss the school at all—there hadn’t been anything to miss there for a long time—but the reminder of it was tempered by the peace of mornings at the estate. At Miss Barebone’s, mornings were either bitterly cold or sweltering, depending on the season, and always colored by anxiety: rushed splashes of water from a basin shared with the other boys, shuffling to morning services before choking down breakfast, which was always the same watery oatmeal and muddy coffee. By contrast, lingering over breakfast with Newt and Mrs. Esposito seemed like the most illicit luxury. There was a curious lightness in his chest at all times now that had unsettled him at first until the end of his first week when he realized that the sensation was freedom.

 To Credence, who had spent most of his twenty-two years in a tenement-turned-school, and whose own room had been little bigger than a closet, it seemed that he had moved into a palace out of the fairy tales he hadn’t been permitted to read. His bedroom was easily the size of their dining room back home, with large windows that let in the light and overlooked the grounds. He had his own office, with a desk of his own and bookshelves, which was adjoined to his new employer’s office. Although Mr. Graves was away in town, Credence didn’t dare intrude and treated the room as a whole as off-limits. A spiral staircase connected them to the library. There was a piano downstairs in the main parlor, a garage for the multiple cars, a patio in the back garden for entertaining guests.

 “You should have seen the place in its heyday,” Newt told him over breakfast that first morning. They were eating in the kitchen, with the back door open to let in the morning breeze., and he had been kind enough to say nothing and wait when Credence crossed himself before he began eating. “I was barely your age of course, then, but it was like nothing I’d ever seen. So much color. All the flower beds teeming. There used to be rhododendrons by the main doors to match the red in the stained glass, but those died a few years ago. The Old Girl’s fallen somewhat into disgrace, I’m afraid,” he added regretfully. The Old Girl was how Newt referred to the gardens, which were at once his pride and the bane of his existence. As the groundskeeper, he spent six days a week at the house but lived independently off the property: arriving early enough in the morning for breakfast and staying late enough to eat dinner before returning home. There was always dirt under his nails and grass stains on the knees of his trousers. As much as Newt good-naturedly cursed them, Credence thought the gardens were beautiful just as they were now: sprawling and overgrown, barely contained. The whole house was like that.

  “Do you know when Mr. Graves is due back?” Credence asked. He sipped his coffee slowly, trying to make it last; it was far better than the watery stuff back at Miss Barebone’s, but he didn’t want to pour another cup and appear gluttonous. 

 “Not until a few weeks from now, I expect,” said Newt. “He doesn’t stay here very often. A week here and there, and then he’ll be off again before you know it."

 “What’s he like?” asked Credence. He had never seen so much as a picture of him, and had only heard of Percival Graves by vague reputation: the owner of a shipping company, wealthy, certain intimations of lost glory.

 “A good employer,” Newt said. “Exacting but not idiosyncratic. He was in the war, of course,” he added. “Got a D.C.M. for it too.” 

 “It’s only that I have no idea what I’m meant to do until he arrives,” said Credence. 

 “If he left no instructions, then he probably expects you to rest and amuse yourself until he gets here. More coffee?” Newt held out the pot, and Credence panicked and shook his head. Newt poured more into his own cup.  “I shouldn’t worry. He’s a good man. Had the decency to take me in, and there’s not many who would do that.”

 Credence’s initial tour of the house had been given by Mrs. Esposito the housekeeper. Mrs. Esposito was a walking paradox; straight-laced but given to mothering anyone near her, she insisted on addressing everyone by their surnames regardless of how long she had known them, and swore blind that her job was to manage the household, not learn gossip about her employers. Despite this, she was a reliable source for all information on the Graves family stretching back roughly fifty years.

 “Why are so many of the rooms shut?” Credence had asked.

 “A good portion of the furniture was sold off after the late Mr. Graves passed,” she explained.

 “Why was that?”

 “I’d never be one to speak ill of the dead,” she said, lowering her voice, “but the late Mr. Graves made several financial decisions toward the end of his life which some later termed unwise. There were debts.” She said the word delicately, with the faintest hint of disdain. “But I’m not one to gossip.” 

With no obligations until Mr. Graves arrived, Credence had grown into the habit of walking after breakfast. At first it had been a task designed so that he would memorize the grounds and surrounding areas, but the layout was a quick study and soon he found himself walking merely for the pleasure of it. Gradually, his routes grew increasingly complicated and ambitious, until he could be away for hours at a time and not realize how long it had been until he saw the sky purpling overhead.
 He had fallen asleep beneath the yew tree in one of the fields about a mile and a half off the property and only woke when a raindrop splattered against his cheek. More drops fell with increasing speed as he sat up and wiped his face. It had been a bright and sunny morning, and so he hadn’t thought to bring an umbrella. There was no pointing in hurrying, he decided; with the speed of the ensuing storm, he’d come back drenched regardless. 

 To Miss Barebone’s frustration, Credence’s hair grew very quickly when it was permitted to do so. In the three weeks he had been at the house, he had lost the severity of the haircuts that she had forced on him every two weeks. It now came just past his ears. Rain dripped from his forelock. He raked his fingers through it as the downpour quickened and set off down the road back the way he’d come.
 He wasn’t aware of the motor car until it was almost upon him. Too late, he spotted the headlights swinging behind him and leapt out of the way just as the car swung past him and came to screeching halt in the fields beside the road several yards away. Credence crept toward it uncertainly.
 “Do you need any help?” he called, just as the passenger door opened, emitting not a person but a very large dog covered in shaggy black fur. The dog bounded past Credence, making for fields on the other side of the road. 

 “Raffles!” A man followed the dog from the car, cursing as he slipped briefly on the mud in the road. Credence shook himself and lunged for the dog, who was now rolling happily in the wet grass. He grabbed her collar.

 “Damn the dog.” The man had reached them. He made an impatient gesture. “Give him here.”
Credence hastened to obey. It was difficult work; the dog was excited and kept jumping from person to person. Finally, the man got a decent hold on the collar and tugged the dog toward the car again. “One of these days,” he told him, “you’re going to be the death of me.” The dog panted and strained to get at Credence, who followed helplessly. “The devil were you thinking?” It took him a moment to realize that the man was addressing not the dog, but him. “Can’t you hear?” He had to yell it over the roar of the rain.
 “Hear what?”

 “Hear what, hear the car.” The man was wrestling the dog into the car again and having little luck at it. 

 “I couldn’t hear anything over the rain!” Credence protested. The dog barked and made another bid for freedom. “Please let me help you with that.”

 As quickly as it had come, the rain began to ease off.

 “I’d say you’ve done enough.” He finally succeeded in getting the dog into the car and turned to face Credence, who got his first good look at him. He was older, with thick brows and dark hair that must have been neatly brushed back once, but now hung in dripping disarray in his eyes. Credence was keenly aware of his stomach swooping. The man stared at him for a moment. Then he ran his hair through his wet hair. “Where’d you say you lived?”

 “At the Graves Estate.”

 “You’re the secretary, aren’t you.” The man surveyed him with a calculating look, one thick eyebrow furrowed. 

Credence frowned. “Yes? Yes, I am.”

 “Percival Graves,” he said and held out a gloved hand.

 Credence stared at it in growing horror.

 “Sir,” he said, “I am so sorry—”

 Graves waved him off. “You’d better get in,” he said. Too late, Credence realized that he had been expected to shake his hand. He’d missed his cue. Graves stared at him expectantly. “Unless you’d prefer to catch your death and walk? You’re wet through already.”

 Credence shook himself. “Thank you, sir.” 

He slid into the backseat of the car, keenly aware of the water he was dripping onto everything. The inside smelled strongly of cigarettes, expensive cologne, and wet dog. Beside him in the backseat was Raffles, who immediately attempted to climb into his lap despite her size. 

 “Are we giving him a lift?” asked the man in the driver’s seat as Graves retook his own place.

 “Jacob, meet my new secretary Mr. Barebone,” he said.

 The man in the driver’s seat twisted around to face him.

 “Jacob Kowalski,” he said and offered him his hand, which Credence made sure to shake this time, reaching awkwardly over the dog to do so. “I’m the chauffeur.”

 “Credence Barebone.”

 “Pleasure.” He faced forward again. “Let’s see if we can’t get ourselves out of here.” He put the car in reverse and gunned the engine. There was an unsettling rumbling noise, and then the car guttered to life and inched backward onto the road again.

 “Again,” Credence said, “I’m so sorry about—”

 “Not to worry,” said Kowalski. “If I’d have seen you, I’d have used the horn. What with the mist and the rain, it’s lucky Mr. Graves spotted you at all.” Credence glanced nervously at the back of Graves’s head, but his employer said nothing. The dog began enthusiastically licking Credence’s face; he craned his face away and gently pushed her aside. Kowalski glanced at him in the rearview mirror. “Just tell her ‘no’ if she gets pushy. Dog doesn’t know she’s half the size of the car.”

 “Raffles,” Graves said ominously without turning around. “Lay down.” Credence could have sworn the dog gave him a much-aggrieved look, but she obediently flopped onto her belly and put her nose between her paws. “We’ll have to give her a bath,” he continued, more to himself than Kowalski or Credence. “Sorry about the upholstery, Jacob.”

 “Not a problem, sir,” said Kowalski.

 They spent the rest of the drive in silence.
 
 Graves’s return home was accomplished with little fanfare, and he bypassed much of the welcoming by making directly for the library and motioning Credence to follow him. “Join me for a moment, please.”

 He’s going to fire me, thought Credence as he followed. He’s going to fire me, and I won’t even have technically started the job, and I’ll have to go back to Miss Barebone’s, and that’s if she’ll even take me back, and he won’t even give me a reference…

 Graves led him through the library and up the staircase into the office that Credence had been eyeing in apprehension for the last week. 

 The inside looked much like Credence’s own: wood panelling, windows with a good view of the grounds, a thick carpet underfoot, a large desk dominating the space. Graves sat down behind it. 

 “You’re the one from the school?” he said.

 “That’s correct, sir.” It was hard to talk, let alone look him in the eye. Graves eyed him for a moment, then opened one drawer of his desk and took out a leather folder, the contents of which Credence couldn’t make out. Then Graves pushed a piece of paper toward him. 

 “Do you know that is?”

 Credence looked closer. “It’s a map of the house, sir.”

 “That’s right,” said Graves. “I need you to sell it.”

 “… the map?”

 “The house.” Credence bit his tongue. Anxiety was making him stupid. “Preferably within the year, if you please. I’m not here enough to do it, so I need an assistant. That’s where you come in. Keep track of offers, necessary repairs, etcetera, etcetera. What do you think its best selling point is?” he asked suddenly.

 Credence blinked. “It’s beautiful,” he said without thinking. Graves raised an eyebrow. “No, really,” he said, warming to his theme. “It’s a little rough around the edges because it hasn’t been properly lived-in or cared for, but it has so much potential—honestly, I can’t imagine why you’d want to sell it.”

 “Because it’s a damned eyesore,” said Graves. He went to the window and twitched back the curtain. “Half the time it’s covered in mist, and when it’s not you see how cut off it is from everything else.” With his back turned, he couldn’t see Credence wilting. “Still,” he continued. “I won’t deny it’s got a certain something. More wild rose than English tea, but something all right.” He turned back. “I’m glad you like it,” he said. “You’ve been shown your office?”

 Credence blinked. The question had come immediately, and he hadn’t been prepared for it. “I—yes. Yes. Mr. Scamander showed me.”

 “Very good. And you have everything you need?”

 “Yes, sir.”

 “Very good.” He bundled up the folder again and handed it to Credence. “These are all the deeds, the floor plans, and so on.”

 “Sir—” Credence broke off as Graves turned the full sharpness of his gaze on him. The words I’ve never done anything like this before lined themselves up on his tongue but wilted in his employer’s gaze. “I wanted to apologize for what happened out on the road,” he said at last.

 Graves studied him for a moment. Then he grunted. “Already forgotten,” he said. “That turn’s a devil, especially in the mist.” He held out his hand. “Shall we be friends, Mr. Barebone?”

 He took his hand and shook it. His palm was warmer and rougher than Credence had expected.

 “A pleasure to work with you, sir,” he managed.

 “All mine,” said Graves. “Now, go and change out of those wet things before you catch your death.”

 Credence turned to go, but Graves called his name. He looked back.

 “Sir?”

 “Don’t go mentioning this to the others just yet,” he said. “I’m breaking the news after dinner tonight.”

 “Understood, sir.”

 He let himself out.
 
 Credence took the folder to his office and locked the door behind himself. If someone had thought to tell him that his employer would look like that, he might have thought twice about taking the job.
 
 He could count on one hand the number of times he looked at Graves over dinner that evening. Mrs. Esposito had been planning the meal for nearly two weeks in preparation for Graves’s return, but for all the effort that had been put into it, Credence could barely eat. 

 I’m going to lose my job, he thought. He’s going to realize he made a mistake and that I can’t do the work, and then he’s going to fire me, and I’ll have to go back to Miss Barebone, and I really think she might kill me if she sees me again—

 Across the table, Graves seemed lost in his own thoughts as well. He too only picked at his food. There was no conversation. 

 Finally, Graves wiped his mouth with his napkin and stood. His chair scraped across the floor. 

 “I have to go and be the bearer of ill tidings,” he said. “If you go to my office, there should be a bottle of aspirin in the desk. If you’d fetch it and meet me in the library, I’d be grateful.” 

 “Yes, sir. Sir—?” Graves paused at the door of the dining room and looked back at him. “Would you like me to be there with the others?”

 “No, that won’t be necessary,” he said. “Just meet me in the library.”
 
 He had an odd thrill as he opened the door to Graves’s office. His employer had only been home less than a day, but Credence still viewed the room as strictly off-limits. He peered around the edge of the door inside. 

 Nearly everything in Graves’s office was covered in a thin layer of dust, with the exception of the desk and one shelf of the bookcase behind it. 

 Searching someone’s desk, even with permission, felt intensely personal. Belatedly, he realized that Graves had not told him where in the desk the aspirin was. He was careful to replace objects properly after he had searched beneath them; everything was painstakingly neat despite the dust, and Credence wanted to minimize the perception that he had tampered with a space that was uniquely his employer’s.

 He began to go through the drawers. The two on the right contained mostly spare pens and ledgers. The top drawer on the left contained an address book and a bundle of letters bound with string which Credence didn’t dare inspect closer. He opened the bottom drawer. Unlike the other three, which had been full nearly to the brim, this one contained only one small photograph, soft at the edges, of a soldier. He was too young to be Graves, even back during the war. Credence turned it over. There was no inscription on the back except for a brief, curt notation of the year: 1917.

 Credence turned it back over. He thought the man might bear a passing resemblance to Newt, albeit more polished and unapproachable, and part of him was tempted to ask him about it, but the photograph’s lonely place in the drawer suggested secrets that he was sure he shouldn’t pry into. He replaced the photograph in the drawer and was about to close it when he noticed the gleam of glass at the back. Sure enough, there was the aspirin bottle. It was only a quarter full. 
 
 When he returned to the library, he found that Graves was already there. He had sunk into one of the armchairs. A fire had been lit in the grate, the first time Credence had seen it used. Heat radiated from it, making his skin feel as though it glowed. Graves took the aspirin from him without comment, swallowed several pills dry, and opened the book on his lap with a cough and bleary blink, as though he had just woken from a nap. Credence shifted his weight. “Will there be anything else, sir?”

 Graves glanced up at him and blinked again, as though he had forgotten that Credence was there. “Sit down,” he said. “Make yourself comfortable.”

 Credence took a seat in the opposite armchair. He didn’t think he’d ever felt less comfortable in his life. Graves returned his attention to the book in his lap. Drumming his fingers idly on the armrests and feeling as though he were under interrogation, Credence found himself straining his eyes to see what titles were on the bookshelves, but he couldn’t make any of them out. 

 “You’ve been comfortable here, then?”

 Credence jumped, startled by the question. Graves had looked up from his book at least. 

 “Yes, thank you, sir.”

 “And you’ve no questions for me?”

 Several sprang to mind, including how do I sell a house but Credence shook his head. “Not at the moment, sir.””

 “Very good.”

 They sat in silence for a minute or two. Finally Graves stirred again. “If you’ve something else you’d rather do, don’t let me keep you.”

 Credence shifted uneasily. “I was planning to have an early night, sir…”

 “Go on, then,” said Graves. “I won’t keep you.”

 Credence tried not to leave the library too quickly.
 
 Instead of going to his bedroom, however, he went downstairs, through the baize door into the kitchen. At the center table sat Mrs. Esposito, Mr. Kowalksi, and Newt. By the still-warm oven, Raffles lay curled up on the floor. 

 “Credence, come join us,” said Newt. He pulled out a chair. Mr. Kowalski poured out a coffee and placed a few ladyfingers on a plate for him. At the sound of the plate on the table, Raffles rose from her spot by the oven and trotted over to Credence, looking up at him with imploring eyes. 

 Newt snapped his fingers at her. “Stay. She’s named after the gentleman thief,” he added apologetically to Credence. “And rightly so.”

 “Did you know?” Mrs. Esposito asked without preamble. “That he was going to sell the house?” To Credence’s relief, she didn’t seem particularly upset. None of them did. If anything, they struck him as resigned.

 “He told me a few hours before he told you,” he answered. 

 She nodded. “I suppose I shouldn’t be surprised,” she said. “There’s a lot of history here, which I suppose I can’t blame him for wanting to distance himself from.”

 “What happened?” asked Credence. Raffles placed her head on his knee. He scratched her head.

 “Not for me to say,” she said, and for once she didn’t elaborate. “Still, it wasn’t always this way. He loved this house when he was a boy. And it’s been in the family for generations. That he’d want to give it all up is a shock.” She shook herself. “Eat those up, won’t you?” She gestured at the ladyfingers. “We can’t repeat desserts, and I don’t want them to go to waste.”

 Credence tried one. “These are good,” he told her. “Thank you.”

 “Thank Mr. Kowalski, not me,” she said. 

 “My babcia was the best baker in New York,” Kowalksi said. “I was just lucky enough to inherit the recipes.”

 “How did you find Mr. Graves, Credence?” asked Newt. 

 “Intimidating.”

 He smiled. “That’ll wear off soon enough. If he’s rude, it’s because he’s stressed.”

 “To be fair,” Kowalski put in, “he’s usually stressed. But he’s not a bad man. You’ll get used to him within a day or so, and then you’ll be thick as thieves, mark my words.”
 
 Credence woke twice that night. The second time the room felt stifling; his nightshirt was stuck damply to his back. He left the bed, opened the window a little bit to let in the night breeze, and returned to bed.

Morning dawned unseasonably cool, and when Credence descended the stairs, he passed the breakfast room to find the door open and occupied for once.
 “Credence,” Graves called from inside. “I asked them to set your place in here.”

 He entered hesitantly to find that the table had indeed been set with the good china and crystal. The sideboard was laid out with a fuller breakfast than Credence had ever seen at either Miss Barebone’s or the kitchen. Conscious of Graves’s presence, he poured himself a cup of coffee and buttered a slice of toast. 

 “I usually take a walk before getting down to business,” said Graves. “If you’d like to join me and the dog, I wouldn’t be averse.” He spoke without once taking his eyes off the newspaper that sat beside his plate.

 “If it’s all the same to you, I’d prefer to go straight to work,” said Credence. 

 Graves hummed. “As you please.”

 Credence sipped his coffee and didn’t touch his toast.  

 Suddenly, Graves looked up from his newspaper. “Mr. Barebone,” he said, “this really can’t continue.”

 “Sir?”

 “I was very short with you yesterday, and I apologize for that. I don’t travel particularly well, and I was hardly expecting to meet you on the side of the road in the pouring rain. Now,” he continued, “if you’d genuinely prefer not to walk, that’s your prerogative, and I’ve no intention of pulling rank. But if you’re purposefully avoiding me under the delusion that I don’t like you and don’t want to get to know you better, I assure you you're mistaken.”

 They stared at each other. It seemed almost as though he were as startled by his speech as Credence was. 

 “I genuinely want to work, sir,” Credence said at last. “But I appreciate your thinking of me.”

 Graves considered his words for a moment. Then he nodded, more to himself than to Credence, and returned to his newspaper. He looked more polished than yesterday, but paradoxically, he seemed more relaxed: his suit jacket slung over the back of his chair, his collar loosened, no tie. As he read, a stray lock of hair fell into his eyes; he swiped it back immediately.

 Credence took a bite of his toast.
 
 Half an hour later, Credence was beginning to regret his decision not to come on that walk. Cloistered away in his office, he glared at the floor plan of the house as if staring hard enough would force it to do his job for him. He didn’t want to help sell the house. In truth, he couldn’t even imagine why Graves wanted to sell it in the first place, for all the history it might contain. It was clear enough that he had money troubles—but to sell his ancestral home to right them? That spoke of something more. 

 Perhaps its style was no longer in fashion, and as a modern man, Graves wanted something to better reflect the times. Credence had spent the majority of his life in a glorified tenement; he didn’t know the first thing about houses. 

 Or how to begin selling them. 

 His chair scraped across the floor as he rose from his desk and strode to the window. The early morning mist had evaporated, providing an excellent view of the back grounds, across which Graves was currently strolling, tossing a stick for Raffles, who bounded across the grass to retrieve it for him. He knelt down in the grass—surely it must still have been wet—and scratched her enthusiastically behind the ears. 

 He should tell him sooner rather than later that he was no good for this job, Credence decided. 

 Graves chose that moment to glance up directly at Credence, who took an instinctive step back. Caught. But Graves just lifted a hand in greeting, which, after a moment, Credence cautiously returned. 

 Not right now, he decided. Later. 
 
 Several hours and an ensuing headache later, he slipped into the kitchen, where Jacob and Mrs. Esposito were busy with dinner. As she dropped several dirty knives into the sink, Mrs. Esposito spotted him in the doorway.

 “You look run-down,” she said. 

 “I feel run-down,” Credence said. He sat at the kitchen table and put his head in his hands. “I don’t think I can do this.” 

 Jacob wiped his hands on his apron and poured out a mug of cocoa, which had been heating on the stove. He set it in front of Credence and sat down across from him. “What’s the trouble?” he asked. “You should drink that,” he added when Credence sat back in his chair without taking the mug with him.

 Credence sipped it. It was richer than he expected, not quite as sweet as he’d feared. “I’ve never sold a house before,” he said. “Let alone one on this scale. I don’t know where to start.”

 “I grew up in a tenement,” Jacob said, “so my experience is limited. Hattie—” he turned to Mrs. Esposito— “you have any thoughts?”

 She hummed and began doing the dishes. Credence jumped up automatically to reach for a dish towel, but she pointed sternly at him until he return to the table and his cocoa. “The house has been in the Graves family for years,” she said once he resumed his seat. “The present Mr. Graves is the first to even consider selling the place, so I couldn’t tell you anything specific. But Mr. Scamander and his brother sold off their family home back around wartime,” she mused. “I imagine he could tell you something about it.”

 “Newt has a brother?” asked Credence.

 “Had,” Mrs. Esposito corrected. “He died out in France in ’17. What was his name? Mr. Kowalski, you remember, don’t you?”

 Jacob shrugged. “Before my time.”

 She made a moue of frustration. “Mr. Graves met him in France, and after he passed, he took on Mr. Scamander as a special favor to him. Theseus!” she added, triumphant. “That was his name. Theseus Scamander. You ask Mr. Scamander, he could probably tell you something about selling.”
 
 He went in search of Newt on the pretext of bringing him water and found him trimming the hedges near the front of the house. Newt wiped sweat from his forehead and drank the water in one go, and Credence asked about what Mrs. Esposito had said.

 “That was about ten years ago,” Newt replied. “My memory can’t be faultless. But I seem to remember having to spend a great deal of money fixing the roof. And that was before we even considered getting an appraisal. It leaked,” he said in clarification. “You had to put a bowl underneath it when it rained.”

 “So I should see what needs repairs first?” asked Credence.

 “Yes, I’d say so,” he said. “I’ll tell you one thing: the basement’s always damp. There’s problems every year with rot. You’re lucky it’s not the summertime,” he added. “It makes a dreadful musty smell in summer.”

 “Excellent,” Credence said. “Anything else you can think of?”

 “Nothing immediately comes to mind.” He put his finger against one of the leaves of the hedge. Credence peered closer in time to see a ladybug meander onto his nail. “The rooms would need to be aired out of course,” Newt continued, his eyes on the insect. “So much of them aren’t used anymore.  And then there’s furniture… Really you ought to get someone professional to come and look it all over.” He frowned and set the ladybug back on the branch. “Theseus and I didn’t, and I have a terrible suspicion we left our buyer with a mouse problem.” He smiled ruefully. “Probably overcharged them, but who’s counting a decade down the line?” He handed Credence the water glass. “You said it was Mrs. Esposito who told you?” 

 Credence blinked. “That’s right.”

 “Did she tell you the rest?”

 He shifted his weight. “She said he—your brother—that he died in the war?” Newt nodded and picked up his clippers. “I’m sorry.”

 He smiled. “He was a pompous prig.” At Credence’s startled expression, his smile grew wider. “Really. Always better than me at everything and couldn’t make a secret of it. Except gardening,” he allowed after a moment. “He was rubbish at gardening. But he was a good brother. And a good friend, too. He and Mr. Graves were very thick during the war.”

 He began clipping the hedge again.

 “The other evening I noticed that he has a photograph of a soldier in his office,” Credence began. “Was that your brother?”

 Newt didn’t turn around. “Yes,” he said. “I imagine so.”
 
 Later in the day, after Credence had summoned up the courage, he knocked on Graves’s office door and resisted the urge to bob from foot to foot with anxiety. At the distant come in he cautiously opened the door. 

 Graves was seated not at the desk but at the open window, balanced on the sill with a sheaf of paperwork in one hand and a smoking cigarette in the other. He was in his shirtsleeves, and his collar was loosened. Incredibly, a pair of reading glasses were perched on the bridge of his nose.

 “Mr. Barebone,” he said. “What’s the news.”

 Credence realized he was staring without saying a word and shook himself into action. “I wanted your permission to hire an inspector, sir. For the house. It’s best if we make all the necessary repairs before we get an appraisal,” he continued, feeling something more was needed.

 Graves took a drag on his cigarette and nodded. “Yes,” he said, breathing out a cloud of smoke. “Do that. Am I to assume you’ve found someone already?”

 “Yes, sir. At a reasonable rate, too.”

 “Well done. And good thinking.”

 Momentarily, Credence considered admitting that some of the credit belonged to Newt and Mrs. Esposito, but just then he found he wanted to bask a little in the warmth of Graves’s praise. He ducked his head to hide a smile.

 “Thank you, sir.”

 “Do keep it up.”

 “I will.”

 He had the curious sense of walking on air for the rest of the day. 
 
 He joined Graves again for dinner that evening and afterward in the library. “Not making an early night of it tonight?” he said when Credence sat down in the chair opposite his own.

 “Not tonight, sir.”

 Graves lit a cigarette, then offered the open case to Credence, who hesitated for a moment, and then chose one. He leaned forward so Graves could light it—one large hand cupped around the flame and nearly brushing the bridge of Credence’s nose. Credence took a cautious drag on it. Immediately his lungs rebelled, and he suppressed a cough until Graves stood and went to the gramophone player to put on a Vivaldi record.

 “So Mr. Barebone,” he said as the music popped and hissed to life. “Tell me about yourself.”

 His voice was still hoarse from the cigarette. “There’s not a great deal to tell, sir.” He cast about for some detail. “I’ve lived here in New York all my life. Never been on Long Island until now, though.” 

 “Parents?”

 Credence shrugged. “They died when I was young. I lived in an orphanage until I was seven and then Miss Barebone adopted me and put me in her school.”

 “Ah, yes,” said Graves darkly. “I had thought I saw that name on your resumé.” He took his seat again. “You can’t be more than nineteen, then, if you went through her school.”

 “Twenty, sir. She took me on as a teacher after I was a student.”

 “And yet I recall in your letter that this is your first paid position,” said Graves.

 “I worked for room and board,” said Credence. “But yes.”

 Graves frowned. “If you don’t mind my asking,” he said, “how much do you have at your disposal? In all the world?”

 Credence opened his mouth to reply but then hesitated. “Actually, sir,” he said, “I do mind.”

 If Graves was surprised, he didn’t show it. “How ever did you escape from there?” he asked. “From what I hear, students who have the misfortune to be sucked into that school don’t often come back out.”

 “I advertised in secret,” said Credence, trying to keep the pride out of his voice. “And when you responded, I told her—Miss Barebone—that I had found a position elsewhere, and that she could not stop me from taking it.”

 “I can’t imagine she took it well.”

 He had broached the subject at breakfast one morning. In response, she had beat him bloody in front of the students and shrieked a great deal about Judas Iscariot. 

 “She didn’t,” Credence said.

 “And you weren’t sorry to leave, I imagine.”

 Credence cocked his head to the side. “I was sorry to leave the students. I had been in their position, and I did what I could to help them. But I had to go.” He hesitated. “It was like I had a weight tied to my ribs, and wherever I went, I had to drag it all along with me. But the moment I left, I could walk unburdened. If you know what I mean.”

 Graves exhaled a cloud of smoke and then ashed his cigarette. “Yes,” he said. “I know exactly.”

 There was a heavy but not unpleasant silence. Credence studied the smoke curling off his cigarette but didn’t attempt to try it again. 

 “May I ask you something, sir?” he said at last. 

 “Of course,” Graves said. “Quid pro quo. It means—”

 “—something given for something received,” Credence replied. “Yes.” Despite himself, his lips twitched, and he was gratified when Graves returned the look. His eyes looked warmer when he smiled, however briefly. 

 Credence looked away. 

 “I wondered why you really meant to sell the house,” he said. 

 “I told you. Because it’s an eyesore.”

 “Mrs. Esposito said you didn’t always feel that way.”

 Graves arched an eyebrow. “Did she now. Well, Doctor Freud—” he looked pointedly at Credence— “I’ll admit it. Childhood casts a powerful glamour.”

 “I wouldn’t know, sir,” said Credence. He hesitated. “If you’d prefer I dropped the matter—”

 “Don’t think of it. I’m glad that you’re curious. But just because you ask, doesn’t mean I’ll answer, Mr. Barebone.”

 “With respect, sir, that’s hardly a quid pro quo.” 

 Graves made a sound that may have been a laugh. Then he rose and took several books from the bookshelf nearest him, seemingly at random. “I’m going to read for a little while, and then turn in,” he said. “Feel free to stay.”

 The green glass lamp at his elbow clicked to life, and with no further words, he opened the first  book he had taken and began reading. No spectacles, Credence noticed: he wondered if he were embarrassed of them and didn’t like to wear them in company. The thought was strangely humanizing. 

 Realizing he was staring, he rose and went to the nearest shelf. He knew none of the titles, what few there were—like the rest of the house, the library gave the impression of having fallen from former glory—and so selected a novel at random. 

 Back in his seat, he glanced over the top of the pages at Graves. He was lost in his reading. 

 Warmth curled in Credence’s stomach. He forced his eyes back to the page. 





Notes:

Raffles is indeed a stand-in for the niffler. I picture her as a very large and affectionate black irish setter.If you missed it, Mrs. Esposito is a reference to Tina and Queenie's landlady from the first film. Drop a comment if you liked it!










Chapter 2: What Do You Dream?
    


Summary:

His hand hovered over his employer’s shoulder. Would he be permitted to touch him this way, if only to wake him?



Notes:
I should probably say now that while this is a Jane Eyre AU, this isn't completely based in the original story, i.e. there's no Bertha analog. Percival Graves is his own wife in the attic.

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text

 Routines were easily formed. They rose at more or less the same time and breakfasted together, during which time Graves would drink at least two cups of coffee and, by degrees, arrive at a state of consciousness. Then Credence would retreat to his office and work for a few hours while Graves took his walk around the grounds, Raffles trotting at his heels. If Credence looked out of his window at the right time, he would find him seated on the bench beneath the large maple tree, throwing sticks for Raffles to retrieve. 

 Then Graves would come inside and lock himself inside his own office for the majority of the day. Rarely did he join Credence for lunch. 

 Only after dinner did he really come alive, and then Credence was expected to join him in the parlor to keep him company. He needed constant occupation: he carried on full conversations while reading the paper or sketching idly in the margins of one of his ledgers, often with a record playing in the background for extra noise. He asked him all sorts of questions, often repeating himself from evening to evening. Was Credence settling in? Was everything in his office to his satisfaction? What repairs did he think would be necessary before the house was put on the market? Credence should find an expert and get a quote on the damp in the basement. Credence answered all his questions as best as he could. Despite his lack of experience in being the center of anyone’s attention, these evenings were his favorite parts of the day. 

 Sometimes Graves would leave off the interrogation and talk about a new play he had seen weeks before, or else lend Credence a book from his bookshelf. Credence was building quite the collection of books in his bedroom courtesy of Graves, who seemed increasingly astounded by his cultural ignorance.

 “No Shakespeare?” he said one evening. “You’ve never read him? Not a one?”

 “Not a one, sir.” His face burned. 

 “We must remedy that, then.” He removed a giant tome from his bookshelf. “Start with Twelfth Night. Tell me what you think. Still,” he continued as he handed it off to Credence, “you really ought to see it performed to get the feel for it.”

 The pages were vellum. It was thinner and more delicate than anything Credence had ever touched. “Thank you, sir.”

 Greatly complicating matters was his increasing attachment to the house,
 f
or all that only a quarter of the rooms were still used. Most of the disused rooms had been locked up, but the preliminaries of selling had obliged Mrs. Esposito to go around with her keys and air them out. Sometimes, in his free hours, Credence would slip into them to explore: running his hands over the dust cloths and occasionally, if he dared, lifting them to see what they hid. Once, in one of the upstairs parlors, he discovered a grand piano. It was horribly out of tune from disuse, and Credence knew only a small assortment of hymns, but nonetheless it became a ritual of his to sneak upstairs and play, keeping his touch as light as possible so he would not be discovered. But once or twice, when he finished a hymn, he would hear heavy footsteps retreating down the corridor outside, as though the listener, too, did not wish to be found out. Credence entertained his private suspicions, which were more or less proven correct when, a month later, Graves finally paused in the open doorway to listen. 

 “You know there’s a perfectly good one downstairs,” he said when Credence had finished. 

 “I wouldn’t wish to intrude, sir.”

 “You’ll intrude where I say you will,” Graves said. “Tonight, after supper. And no more of that cringing manner of playing, either,” he continued. “She’s a fine instrument and I’ll have you do her justice.”

 Credence smiled a little. “Yes, sir.”

 “There should be some sheet music in the attic somewhere,” he added. “You’re welcome to it, should you want something more secular than ‘Cast Thy Burden On The Lord.’”

 Then he left, those heavy footfalls thudding on the floor, and Credence had the freedom, at last, to lean on the piano and catch his breath.

 He was aware of what was happening, of course. He was no stranger to the stammering breathlessness that overcame him when he was confronted by a handsome pair of eyes. He had known it first at school with Jonah, who sat nearby during Prayers and would sometimes catch his eye and smile at him, and Credence would feel warm and not understand why. Miss Barebone would catch them huddling for warmth in the corner of the bedroom during the winter sometimes and beat them both. 

 “Why was she angry?” he asked Jonah after the first time, after nursing his hands. 

 “Leviticus,” he answered. “We need to be more careful.”

 He read it and understood in a vague sense how it applied to him. But he had always entertained some faint hope that his tendency to blush in the presence of good-looking men was just an odd quirk and wouldn’t cause him undue humiliation in life. Certainly, when he’d sent out that first advertisement, he hadn’t imagined that the job he’d be offered would involve so much casual intimacy with his employer. For that matter, he hadn’t imagined that his employer would be anything like Graves. He had pictured someone upwards of fifty years who would give him the standard drudgery of office work and wouldn’t have the slightest inclination to hear him clumsily play the piano after dinner. 

 “What other abilities have you hidden?” Graves asked after Credence had insisted on leaving the piano and replaced the lid. 

 “Nothing in particular. I was told I’m not particularly talented,” answered Credence.

 “At the piano?”

 “At anything.” He shifted on the piano bench. “Miss Barebone said I was touched.”

 “I’ll wager your Miss Barebone was tone-deaf.”

 An inspector for the house was hired, and various recommendations were made for the basement, as well as for the windows, many of which were not structurally sound and let in draughts. Graves muttered about the house eating money but forked over the cash for repairs with no further protests. The house buzzed with activity. 

 To Credence’s surprise, offers for the property were already coming in. “There’s been a considerable offer from Abraxas Malfoy,” he told Graves one day, waving the telegram. “Apparently he’s been looking for a house here in the States for some time.”

 “Yes,” said Graves, “and I’ll wager it being former Graves property only makes the deal sweeter.”

 “Will you accept?” asked Credence. “It’s a lot of money.”

 He took the telegram from him and looked over it, one thick eyebrow cocked. “Let him sweat a little,” he said at last and returned it. “See what other offers we get. We may be penniless, but we’ve still got our pride, and I’d rather stay in debt than see this become the Malfoy summer house.”

 Part of Credence thought that Graves was being unduly stubborn, but the rest of him was too thrilled by the we to care. 

 That night, Graves tossed him This Side of Paradise off the shelf and asked him to read to him. Fifteen minutes into the book, Credence glanced up from the pages to see Graves lighting a cigarette, his eyes on Credence. He averted his gaze when Credence caught him. Surreptitiously, Credence breathed in the scent of the smoke. It felt like an extension of him, the same way the scent of his cologne did, and his footsteps thudding away from the piano room.

 The household functioned much as it always did, taking little notice of Credence’s desire and adjusting to the invasions of the workmen with a stiff sort of dignity. But even so, he could sense a new tension, borne out of the news of the house’s impending sale. One afternoon, just as he raised his fist to knock on Graves’s office door, he heard voices from inside. 

 “You’ve worked long and hard for us,” Graves was saying. “I assure that you’ll be well looked after. You’ll have a generous pension—”

 “My pension, Mr. Graves, is hardly the point,” Mrs. Esposito replied. “May I speak plainly, sir?”

 “Go on, Hattie.”

 “I’ve worked for this family in this house for nearly thirty years. I’ve watched staff and family come and go. I knew you before you knew how to read. And I don’t believe for a moment that the little boy I sat on my knee thirty-some years ago would have let the family estate go out of sheer cowardice. Now marriage is one thing, and I know you have your own life, but the house is something else. If your father could see you now, gambling away what you love—”

 “I hate this house.”

 “You used to love it. You hate it now because you hate the memories.” Silence. “In which case,” she continued, “I daresay you ought to make some better ones.”

 There was a long silence. 

 “I have the menu for next week if you’d like to approve it,” she said at last, and Credence heard footsteps making for the door and left before he could be caught eavesdropping.
Long years of waking for midnight prayers had left Credence unable to sleep through the night. At eleven-forty every night, his eyes would snap open and there would be no chance of returning to sleep until at least two. He would pray for an hour or so, then fall to wandering his room for the sheer novelty of being able to do so. Sometimes he would light the gas lamp (a gas lamp!) and read one of the books Graves had loaned him. It was a strange pleasure to read all the books Miss Barebone had once spat on and called the influence of the Devil.
 A burst of thunder overhead startled him. 

 At school, when it stormed during Prayers, Miss Barebone said it was God testing their conviction. Credence marked his page and went to the window to look out. If he squinted, he could just see the rain lashing the roof outside. 

 He could see a light in the kitchen. Perhaps Jacob or Newt was there and they’d join him for a cup of hot chocolate. He had a sudden desire not to be alone. 

 He pulled on his threadbare robe and tiptoed into the corridor, holding the lamp aloft. The rain was increasing; it roared on the shingles as he made his way toward the staircase. 

 An odd sound made him pause on the first step. It sounded almost like a human voice, but it had been too muffled to make out what, if anything, had been said. Credence cocked his head. Another roll of thunder rumbled overhead. A moment later, lightning illuminated the hallway like a beacon. 

 Perhaps he had imagined it.

 He had reached the landing when the thunderclap came: it shook the house to its foundations. The light in his lamp shuddered. 

 Something crashed on the second floor. 

 He looked back. The corridor resembled the mouth of a giant beast, pitch-black and forbidding. Taking pains not to trip, he crept back up the stairs. The sound had seemed to come from the right. Which would take him to—

 —Mr. Graves’s bedroom. 

 Raffles was already there, whimpering and thumping her tail against the floor. Credence scratched her behind the ears and eyed the door in trepidation. Perhaps it was her whimpering that he’d heard, and not a voice. What would the penalty be if he was imagining it all and disturbed Graves?

 He summoned up his courage and knocked at the door. 

 “Sir?” There was no reply. “Sir, is everything all right?” 

 Thunder in the distance. Credence thought he could hear a groan from inside. 

 “Mr. Graves?” 

 Again, nothing. Hardly believing his own daring, Credence tested the knob. It was not locked. Tentatively, he opened it and peered in. The darkness within was thick as tar until a burst of lightning lit up every surface, and Credence saw Graves thrashing from side to side beneath the bedclothes. 

 Credence set down the gas lamp on the side table near the door and went to the bed. “Sir—ow!” Something had cut the sole of his foot. Hissing, he knelt and squinted at the floor to find that was covered in shards of porcelain. The nightstand directly above was missing a basin. 

 Graves was muttering something inaudible. His head jerked from right to left. Careful not to step on any more shards, Credence felt his way around to the other side of the bed. 

 “Sir, you’re having a nightmare—”

 His hand hovered over his employer’s shoulder. 

 Would he be permitted to touch him this way, if only to wake him? 

 His hand was shaking. 

 “Sir?” he tried again, louder. “You need to wake—“

 Graves’s eyes snapped open. He seized Credence’s wrist.

 “The fuck are you doing here?” he snapped. His voice was ragged.

 Credence stared. “Sir?”

 Graves squinted back at him as though trying to place him. “Where am I,” he said. His grip on Credence’s arm had not yet relented.

 “Your bedroom, sir? I heard something crash and—”

 Abruptly, Graves let go and slumped back against the pillows. 

 “Sir?” His wrist throbbed. 

 “Another nightmare?” Graves said. 

 Credence hesitated. “I believe so, sir.”

“Bring the light over.”

 Credence obeyed. His heart hammered in his ribcage. 

 In better light, Graves looked more haggard. The shirt of his pajamas was covered in sweat, his hair damp. 

 “Is there anything I can do for you?” Credence asked. Graves dragged his hands over his face. Then he noticed the remnants of his washbasin. 

 “I suppose I must have knocked it off in my sleep,” he said.

 “If you’d like me to clean that up for you—” 

 Graves waved a hand. “I’ll have Mrs. Esposito take care of it in the morning. You didn’t step on any of it, did you?”

 “No, sir,” lied Credence.

 “Very good. Listen, in the top drawer of the dresser over there, there’s undershirts. Bring me one, would you? It doesn’t matter which.”

 Credence was halfway to the dresser before he realized the implications of the command. Sure enough, when he had retrieved the shirt and turned back, he found Graves seated on the edge of the bed shirtless, balling up the sweat-soaked shirt anxiously in his hands. He didn’t dare meet his eyes as he gave him the shirt. He was keenly aware of him: the heat that seemed to rise like steam from his bare skin; the hair on his chest; the faint scent of his eau de cologne that lingered on him even after sleep.

 “Is there anything else I can do?” Credence asked as Graves pulled the shirt on with shaking hands. 

“No, you’ve done quite enough already. Are you all right?” Graves added in sudden concern. “You look quite pale.”

 “I’m fine,” Credence lied again. “I’m just a little cold.”

 “Of course. You should go back to your own bed. I’ve kept you long enough.” But there was a hollowness in his tone that suggested that he didn’t want to be alone. 

 “Are you sure?” asked Credence. Thunder rumbled again, and Graves flinched, then relaxed with a look of consternation. He put his head in his hands.

 “If you’re not going to go,” he said at last, without lifting his head, “you can at least bring me the brandy in my dresser.”

 “Sir, should you really drink at this hour—”

 “Top left drawer,” Graves said. The words were like lead. 

 Credence went to fetch it. It felt strangely like a betrayal to root through his employer’s underthings like this, even when doing so with his permission. Among the linens, he found a small bottle filled with amber-colored liquid and brought it to Graves, who took a generous swig from it and then offered it to Credence, who jerked his head in refusal. 

 “You could at least sit down,” Graves said. “If you’re going to stay.”

 Credence glanced at the empty space at the foot of the bed, then settled the armchair by the wall instead. It put some distance between them. 

 But Graves huffed a laugh. “If you must sit there,” he said, “drag it over a little.”

 Against his better judgment, Credence obeyed, taking care to avoid any more of the remnants of the basin. It was a strange kind of intimacy: seated there by the bed as though waiting on a sick patient; Graves in an undershirt, his hair still damp with sweat and his hands a-tremble. 

 A minute ticked by, then two. Credence studied his hands. The rain grew more insistent, roaring against the roof. 

 “I want to talk to you about it,” Graves said out of nowhere.

 “What about, sir?”

 “The war. But it’s not a particularly uplifting story, and I won’t put you through that.” He sank back against the pillows and heaved a sigh.

 Credence hesitated, then held up his hands, the backs facing Graves so that he could see the rough scar tissue that had been accrued there. “Miss Barebone beat me nearly every day for more years than I’d care to count,” he said. “I’ve never been to war, but I’m not exactly a stranger to hardship. If you want to talk, I’ll listen to you. Sir.”

 Graves looked him for a moment, then took his left hand and brought it closer to study the scars on his knuckles. Credence stiffened. He had never touched him before.

 “Do they hurt?” Graves asked. Credence shook his head. “That’s good.” He let go of his hand, and Credence immediately shrank back again. His pulse roared in his ears.

 “Did you still want to talk, sir?” he asked. He chewed his lower lip. “Mrs. Esposito said you took on Mr. Scamander as a favor to his brother,” he said at last. Graves looked up sharply. “Perhaps you could tell me how it happened. If you like.”

 With a grunt of effort, Graves reached into his desk drawer and retrieved his cigarette case and his lighter. Once he had lit a cigarette and sank back against the pillows, he closed his eyes. 

 “I went out to France in early 1917,” he began. “That was where I met him.”

 “Theseus?”

 He jerked his head. “We were of a different rank, technically, but friendships grew very easily there in the trenches. We got close. Perhaps closer than we should have. It didn’t pay to grow attached to anyone,” he explained. “Which I eventually learned. He died in the sixth month we were there. It wasn’t clean, and he lingered for a time. But I wasn’t there when he went.” 

 He lapsed into silence, and Credence shifted in his chair. 

 “It caught him in the leg,” he continued suddenly. “The bullet. But it wasn’t so serious that he needed a hospital. That damned fool of a surgeon told him it looked worse than it was.” He cleared his throat. “Then it got worse and worse and worse, and the little idiot didn’t say a damned thing.” His face softened. “He must have been so frightened. And I didn’t even know.”

 The door creaked open, and Credence started as though he had been caught in wrongdoing. But it was only Raffles, who leaped straight onto the bed and fell down beside Graves, who smiled and scratched her ears. Credence studied his hands. He listened to Graves murmur to the dog for a little while, then he asked—

 “And Mr. Scamander?”

 “He told me he was worried about him. Newt was a year too young to fight at the time, and their parents had passed two years previous. He didn’t think he’d be able to get a job just being—well—himself.” He cleared his throat. “I promised I’d take him in if he died and I made it through. Which I did. Technically speaking he’s a ward. He has an allowance. I told him specifically not to feel he had to do anything to earn it, but he takes care of the gardens anyway. Some pride of principle that he has.”

 He had related the whole story with very little emotion, as though reading from a reasonably engaging book of history—all without saying Theseus’s name once. Credence was well acquainted with methods of displacement and could sense wounds that hadn’t really healed, just scabbed over.

“And then when I came home,” Graves continued, biting out the words, “I found that my mother had died while I was in France, and that my father had speculated away virtually the entire estate. And then two days later he put a bullet in his mouth, and I got to find him.” He huffed a bitter, ugly laugh. “You wanted to know how I could ever sell this house. There’s your reason. Will you find a way to blame me, Mr. Barebone?”

 Credence shook his head. “I can’t.”

 His eyes glittered in the dim lamplight. “I wish I had better memories to give you,” he said. 

 “I wish that you had them for yourself,” Credence said. 

 The corners of Graves’s mouth twitched in a sad little smile. “How strange you are,” he murmured. Then he looked up at the ceiling, and Credence became conscious that the rain had slowed to a lazy patter on the rough. There was no more thunder. “I think the worst of it’s passed,” Graves said. “You should return to bed.”

 Credence blinked. “But sir—”

 “Raffles will protect me in your absence,” he said. “Take the morning off tomorrow.”

 “But I work in the mornings!” Credence protested.

 “I’m well aware of that, which is why I insist you take it off. Sleep. You’ve more than earned it. Oh, and Credence.”

 He had been inches from the door. He looked back. His employer seemed smaller than ever, swamped by the enormous bed and the large dog spread across his lap. Credence had been aware to some degree of the grief that hung on Graves like a heavy overcoat, but he’d never truly seen the evidence of it until now. 

 “Thank you for waking me,” Graves said. “I owe you.”

 Credence swallowed. “There’s no debt, sir.”

 The door shut with a click.
 
 It wasn’t until he reached his bedroom that he realized his foot had been bleeding since he cut it. He bandaged it with an old handkerchief and returned to bed. 

 Beneath the sheets, he threw his arm over his eyes and, in the dark, allowed himself to think about that brief moment of exposure: the muscles in Graves’s arms flexing beneath his skin as he put on the nightshirt, that brief look of need in his eyes when he awoke and saw Credence standing over him. And when he’d taken his hand…

 He had never seen Graves unshaven before. He couldn’t help wondering what it must feel like to touch, to feel against his cheek and the side of his neck.

 He was straying down the path of sin again, he could already feel it. Even now, a world away from her, Credence could hear Miss Barebone hissing a silken warning. Her hand extending, her demand for his belt. 

 Credence groaned out loud and pressed his arm more firmly over his eyes, curling his fingers into fists.

 I’m safe, he thought. I don’t have to do what she says.

 Tears were welling up in his eyes. He squeezed his eyes shut against them, but they only gathered on his lashes, dampening his arm. 

 “Credence,” he could almost hear her say. “Your belt.” That placid tone always sent chills throughout his frame. She would tell him of Sodom and Gomorrah soon, while she whipped him. Then she would grab his hair. “Would you lay a hand on an angel of the Lord?” Those mad, feverish eyes boring into him. “An angel is a flawless being, made in His image. You are not fit to look at them, let alone touch them with that wicked want in your heart.” 

 Credence rolled over and laid the pillow over his head in a futile effort to block out the noise. His hands and back stung. 

 Embarrassed, half-asleep and near panic, he wished suddenly that Graves would do what he had done for him and come to wake him properly. But he would not be afraid to comfort him. He would sit beside him on the bed, lay his hand between his shoulder blades, let his fingers creep up the back of his neck and stroke his hair. 

 “It’s a dream,” he’d say. “Nothing more.”

 “Why are you here?” Credence would ask.

 “Because you did the same for me just a short while ago.” 

 He’d pull back the collar of Credence’s nightshirt, then, and kiss the back of his neck, just against the first bump of his spine. And Credence would search for his hand and turn his head to face him, to find his mouth with his own. 

 The floorboards creaked, and Credence sat bolt upright. His face was hot, a flush spreading across his chest. His cock ached heavily between his legs, and for a moment he considered giving in and touching, but memories of punishments for such things at school stilled him. Moreover, he did not want to implicate Graves in his sin. How could he look him in the eye if he surrendered like that?

 With a sigh, he rose and splashed water from the pitcher on his dresser onto his face and willed the cold shock of it to kill the fire in him. Then he lit the gas lamp and found his book. He knew there was no chance of sleep.
It was past eleven in the morning when Credence opened his eyes. He had fallen asleep in the armchair, the book still open on his lap. The sight of the time sent a jab of panic through his chest, but then he remembered Graves’s command that he take the morning off and sank back into the chair.
 By degrees, the events of the previous night returned to him: the storm, Graves’s nightmares, the discussion of Theseus Scamander and the war, those strangely soft eyes blazing into his own. Memories of the rest of the night returned just as quickly, and Credence faintly recalled a dream that he must have had in which he returned to Graves’s room and crawled into his bed on top of him. Dream Graves had rolled over and pressed him into the mattress without hesitation.

 Credence stood and became aware of a stickiness in his shorts. He sucked in a breath. Emissions were a source of shame at Miss Barebone’s school, where laundry was done communally, and stains were taken as proof of a weakness in character, regardless of whether they were intentional or not. Credence had been beaten for it often enough that, even now, such early morning discoveries turned his stomach with anxiety. He would shower before he ventured out. 
 
 Even an hour later, after he had bathed and said a furtive, self-conscious prayer or two, he was confronted by a terrible shyness when Graves was in the vicinity. Out of fear of coming face-to-face with him and therefore having to look him in the eye, he retreated to his office despite his instructions not to work. To his relief, Graves was not seated beneath the maple tree outside.

 He had just settled into work when there came a knock at the door. Graves strode inside before Credence could even speak.

 “I seem to recall telling you to take the morning off,” he said. There were dark circles under his eyes, and Credence thought his eyelids looked puffier than normal.  

 “It’s nearly twelve, sir.”

 “That won’t do. You’ll take the afternoon off too, then. I won’t hear any words to the contrary,” he continued when Credence opened his mouth to protest. “All work, no play, and you know what happens.”

 “Sir—!”

 He had turned to go. Now he looked over his shoulder at him. “How’s that?”

 “I—“ he cast about helplessly and could only come up with the truth— “I’ve never had a day off before.”

 Graves stared at him, and for a moment Credence thought that he was about to be mocked, but then he said, “What, never?” He shook his head. “All right, that’s it. Pen down.”

 “What’s going on?” 

 “I’m taking you out.”
 
 Graves waved off Jacob’s offer to drive them and got behind the wheel himself. It was strange to sit in the passenger seat of the motorcar and look over and see his employer there, driving with his gloves bunched in one hand. The day was bright and clear, the sky a brilliant shade of blue, and they drove with the top of the car down despite the wind chill. 

 “There ought to be a spare scarf in the glove box,” Graves called over the roar of the motor when he saw Credence shivering. 

 “I’m all right, sir.” The idea of wearing anything of Graves’s, even as relatively impersonal as a scarf, was too much on a day already so out of the ordinary. 

 “Suit yourself,” he said. A moment later, he asked, “What do you do for fun, Credence?”

 The question took him by surprise. “I don’t know,” he said. “I like to read, I suppose. And go on walks.”

 “And music,” said Graves. “Let’s not forget that. I imagine you’ve never been to the theatre.”

 “No, sir.”

 “I ought to take you one of these days,” he said. “Something tells me Ziegfield won’t be to your taste, but there’re some very good theatrical troupes. A comedy,” he added. “I’d like to see you laugh one day, Mr. Barebone.”

 “You always call me that when you’re teasing me.”

 Graves frowned. “I suppose I do. Well then. Credence. One day I’d like to see you laugh.” He looked briefly away from the road at Credence, who stared firmly at his lap, pressing his lips together. “Do I detect a smile, Mr. Barebone?” The corners of Credence’s lips twitched despite his best efforts. “Certainly not,” Graves answered himself in mock disbelief. “Mr. Barebone only smiles at very select witticisms on Thursdays, and only after six PM at that, as we all know.” His smile was audible in his voice. “As for laughter, no mortal has yet heard it and lived to tell the tale.”

 Credence pressed his fist to his mouth to hide the grin spreading inexorably across his face. His ears blazed. 

 “Someone alert The Times,” Graves said. “There’s something you don’t see every day. While I have you in this mood,” he continued, “tell me: when you were at that school, what’s the thing you always longed to do and couldn’t?”

 Kiss Jonah Lorrimer on the mouth was Credence’s first thought, but what he said instead was—

 “Eat ice cream.”

 “Eat ice cream,” Graves repeated. “And why’s that?”

 “We weren’t allowed to have it,” Credence explained. “Miss Barebone said that it invited the sin of gluttony.” 

 “Never had a day off, never had an ice cream cone,” said Graves. “I’m beginning to wonder, Credence, whether you’ve lived at all.”

 “I haven’t,” Credence said honestly. 

 Graves glanced briefly over at him. “The first thing we do, then, is get you a peppermint ice cream.”

 “Sir, it’s too cold!”

 “Then we’ll have it indoors. And then I’m taking you on a very long walk to a very fine bookstore, where I expect to see you exit with at least three titles under your arm.”

 “Sir, you haven’t paid me yet!”

 A pause. “I haven’t, have I?”

 “No.”

 “I’ll do that tomorrow, then,” Graves decided. “And we’ll put your books on my dollar.”

 Credence stared. “You can’t do that for me.”

 “Credence Barebone,” Graves began, “I had a devil of a night last night. The least you can do for me today is to let me engage in some old-fashioned altruism.”

 Credence shifted uncomfortably. “All right,” he said at last. “But you take the books out of my pay.” Graves scoffed, but Credence stared fixedly at him until he was forced to look over. “Mr. Graves, I mean it.”

 “All right, Credence,” he said.

 He returned his attention to the road. It was growing bitterly cold. 

 Slowly, without looking once at Graves, Credence opened the glove box and removed the scarf. It was soft and heavy on his neck and smelled of wool and Graves’s cologne. When he chanced a glance at Graves again, he thought he saw a faint smile tugging at his mouth. 
 
 As if sensing that Credence would be uncomfortable if he ate alone, Graves bought a second ice cream for himself. It was very good, although Credence had nothing to compare it to, and he was too conscious of his surroundings and the man at his side to take much notice. They ate in the lobby of a disarmingly fine hotel—the sort of place Miss Barebone would have spat on for its ostentatiousness—and then took the walk to the bookstore, where Credence chose a Sabatini novel and then, after some deliberation, a book about Helen of Troy. Graves noticed the number of titles, arched an eyebrow at him, and Credence met it with a defiant tilt of his head. 

 Graves bought The Age of Innocence, and Credence felt quite sure the book would appear mysteriously in his bedroom within the week.

 “You can’t afford all this, sir,” Credence told him in an undertone as Graves headed for the clerk’s desk. 

 Graves arched an eyebrow. “Oh, can’t I.”

 “I’ve seen the state of your finances.”

 “Three books will hardly ruin me, Mr. Barebone.”

 It was growing dark when they left the bookshop. Further down the street, a child clinging to her mother’s hand pointed up at the sky and shouted, “Rain!”

 Graves tugged his collar up. “We’d better hurry back and put the hood up,” he said. But by the time they reached the car, what had been initially a few drops had expanded into a downpour. Passersby hastened for the doors of apartments and stores. Deserted, with the rain coming down in a thicker and thicker wall of gray, the entire street felt dreamlike, as though at any moment Credence could stumble and wake in his bed at Miss Barebone’s with the cracks in the plaster glaring at him.

 Inside the car, the hood now shielding them from the weather, Graves lost no time in taking them out on the road again. “This always seems to happen to us, doesn’t it,” he said. They were both soaked.

 They had been in the car for twenty minutes with little conversation when he finally broke the silence. “I hope you enjoyed this afternoon.”

 “I did. Thank you, sir.”

 They drove in silence for a little while. “Credence,” he began at last, “I think I owe you an apology for last night,” he said. 

 “I told you there’s no debt, sir.”

 He continued as though Credence had not spoken. “When you first woke me, I may have said some harsh things. You didn’t deserve them, and they weren’t meant in reference to you.”

 “I understand.”

 “I think you don’t.” But he said it amicably.

 “If you don’t mind my asking,” Credence began, “is it shell-shock, sir?”

 Graves glanced at him. “What makes you say that?”

 “We were expected to do charity at school,” Credence explained. “We saw a lot of soldiers.”

 “I suppose I shouldn't be surprised. You handled things last night so capably. An angel of the battlefield, too, eh?”

 Heat rushed to Credence’s face. He ducked his head. “Nothing like that,” he mumbled. “So many of them were out on the street, all of them shell-shocked. Most of them couldn’t hold a job. Their families abandon them. We just helped how we could.”

 Graves hummed. “It’s the thunder for me. Sounds like the shells. Generally I take a downer and hope for the best. I see that look of yours,” he added. “I suppose that school took a dim view of prescription pills.”

 “I was taught not to tamper with nature,” Credence admitted.

 “If you woke up routinely with gunfire and screaming horses in your ears, you’d feel differently,” said Graves, not unpleasantly. 

 “I dream too, sir.” Credence hesitated. “It’s nothing like yours, though.”

 “And what do you dream?”

 He swallowed.

 “Of school.” He glanced at Graves to gauge his response, but his eyes were fixed firmly on the road. He cleared his throat. “You know,” he continued, “I lost a friend too. There was a ‘flu outbreak when we were fifteen.”

 He had known what would happen the moment Jonah coughed, and Credence had felt the burning heat from his forehead against the backs of his fingers. But fear of contagion didn’t stop Credence from climbing into his friend’s bed, holding him close, and humming one of the psalms he’d always thought was pretty, as if the pressure of his arms could hold the life in him.

 Miss Barebone caught them, of course. She dragged him from the bed and beat him as she always did, but he was barely sensible of the blows. He could still feel the soul rattling out of his friend’s body.

 The sickness passed on soon after. That Sunday, Miss Barebone read from the Book of Jonah. 


 “He replied, ‘Take me and throw me into the sea, and then it will calm down for you. I know it is my fault that this great storm has struck you.’”


 No one mistook her meaning. Credence shook where he sat in the pews and tried not to make his tears obvious. 

 Each Sunday for the next few months, they visited the cemetery where the students they’d lost had been interred. The first time, he went to kneel at Jonah’s headstone but Miss Barebone’s firm hand came down on his shoulder and prevented him. After a few weeks, he stopped trying.

 He gave Graves a much-expurgated account of the story. 

 “One can’t seem but to lose one’s friends,” Graves said. “Be it Spanish ‘flu or a Hun bullet.” There was a beat or two of silence. “Were you alone, after your friend passed?”

 “I was, sir.”

 “And you’re twenty now.”

 “Yes, sir.”

 “Five years without a friend,” Graves mused. “Five more makes a decade. No wonder.”

 “What do you mean, sir?”

 “You treat every conversation as though it were your very first. I thought your eyes would start out of their sockets the day I met you. And yet…” He shook his head, and Credence raised an eyebrow. “You have a spark. You must have, or you couldn’t have survived that school, let alone told Mary Lou Barebone to go to hell. And I believe it’s grown since then.”

 Credence looked away sharply. His face burned. Graves no doubt expected an intelligent reply, but his mind had been wiped blank. Already regretting it, he glanced at Graves. He was driving gloveless again—his hands must be freezing, he thought idly. He wondered how they would feel cupping his jaw, stroking his neck, his hair.

 They passed the rest of the drive in silence. At some point, Credence must have fallen asleep because when he opened his eyes again, he found a blanket draped over him and Graves’s hand on his shoulder. He’d shaken him gently awake. 

 “We’re back,” he said. His face was difficult to make out in the darkness. “You’re lucky you were asleep. We nearly ran off the road at one point, and if you’d been awake, I’m sure you’d have gotten out and walked the rest of the way, rain or no.” Credence smiled and suppressed a yawn. It was still raining outside. “Come on,” Graves continued. “Let’s go in before we catch our deaths. You’re shivering.”

 He imagined saying do we have to? and Graves smiling. Of course not. An arm around him. The rain sliding down the windows, obscuring them from the view of others. But that was a fantasy. If he were to be so stupid, Graves would either respond in anger or condescension. Credence was accustomed to anger, and while it would hurt, condescension was a different, worse pain.

 “Let’s,” he said.
 
 Inside the house, Graves lit a cigarette in the entryway, then made for the library. “Care for a nightcap?” he asked.

 Credence shook his head. “If it’s all the same to you, sir, I’d like to retire for the night.”

 “It’s only a quarter past.”

 “Yes, but it’s been a very long day.”

 “But an enjoyable one, I hope?”

 He nodded. “Yes. Thank you. You shouldn’t have done it, but thank you.”

 “Nonsense, I was happy to. You’re sure you won’t have that drink?”

 He didn’t know about drinking, but he longed to spend more time with Graves. But he was exhausted from the day and being so close to him. If he spent much longer in his company, he thought he might suffocate. 

 “I’m sure. But thank you.”

 Graves studied him for a moment. Credence couldn’t meet his eye. “Very well,” he said at last. “I wish you a better rest than last night’s.”

“And you too, sir.” He was almost at the stairs when Graves spoke again.

“What’s the matter with your foot?”

He squeezed his eyes shut. “Sir?” he said weakly, turning back around.

“You’ve been favoring one foot over the other all day. What happened?”

“Nothing,” Credence lied. “Goodnight, sir.”
 
 Credence locked the bedroom door behind him. Downstairs, Graves was likely listening to a record and drinking alone, and Credence had abandoned him because of a slip of the tongue.

 He removed his shoes and examined the bandage on his foot. Blood had soaked through the linen into his sock. 

 He slumped against the door and buried his head in his hands.
 It was only a few hours later that he realized he had never returned Graves’s scarf. If he pressed his nose into it to catch his scent, it was no one else’s business but his own.Graves did not appear at breakfast the next day, and when Credence asked Mrs. Esposito as to his whereabouts, she announced that he had gone back to town.
 “When will he return?” asked Credence.

 “In a few weeks, he said.” Mrs. Esposito set down the coffee cup that she had brought him. She patted his cheek. “Mr. Kowalski left a coffee cake for us before he left. You come down sometime and have a piece.”

 “I’ll do that, ma’am.” His voice sounded far away.

 “Don’t work too hard,” she said and left the office. The door shut behind her with a snap. Credence stared at the typewriter and piles of paperwork in front of him. It suddenly seemed futile. He took a sip of his coffee and left the desk to open the casement window. Cold air wafted inside. There was a figure beneath the maple tree, and for a moment his heart leaped into his mouth. But it was only Newt, raking the leaves. 

 Perhaps, in his office in the city, Graves was also looking out his window: coffee cup in hand, the breeze chilling him. Only he would look out on gray, busy streets, not the russet-gold of autumnal grounds. 

 Why can’t you stay here? Credence thought. Willed it at him across the many miles. Stay here where it’s beautiful and I can look out from my office window and see you in the mornings. But that was a selfish thought. If Graves wanted to escape his family skeletons, Credence had no right to prevent him from doing so.

 Newt had noticed him. He shaded his eyes in the sun and waved. Credence smiled and waved back.

 He was being impractical at best. There was no point to hope here. His employer’s affairs were of no concern. And he had more friends here than he had ever had in his life before. Let Graves do what he liked. Credence would be happy regardless. 

 It would be fine.

 His coffee was growing cold. He took another sip, closed the window, and returned to work.





Notes:

Drop a comment if you liked it, or find me on tumblr @gentlemanisatramp if you want to talk!Twelfth Night is, among other things, a story about a young woman who disguises herself as a boy and falls in love with her employer. If Percy were more emotionally literate, he might have thought twice about rec'ing it to poor Credence.I should be on the lookout at some point for a side story focusing on Percy and Theseus during the war, since I'm a bit too taken with them not to play around a little :D










Chapter 3: Natural Sympathies
    


Summary:

He couldn’t stop running over every conversation they’d had, trying to convince himself that it was something other than what he thought.



Notes:
LMAO Y’ALL REMEMBER THIS ONE. For those of you still reading, here’s a big ol’ motherfucker of a chapter to say thank you.

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text

Mr. Graves and his guests were due to arrive at the house a quarter past four. When the purr of the motor engine sounded outside, Credence felt his heart stutter in response. Seated on the floor against the railing at the stairs’ top, he clenched and unclenched his hands, trying to manage his breathing. 

He had been doing some hard thinking during Graves’s month-long absence from the house. It was pointless to hope that his feelings could be reciprocated, he’d decided. Too many variables had to align—and even if Graves were to share his disposition, the idea that his eye might fall on Credence of all people was ludicrous. Credence had reviewed the information with all the cool logic he could muster and endeavored to bring his heart back into the safe fold of common sense. Now at the first prospect of his return, he was beginning to get moon-eyed again.

And you haven’t even seen him yet, Credence thought disparagingly. 

The lock clicked, and Credence launched to his feet. He looked over the railing of the staircase to see Graves removing his hat. Behind him were two women, who were hanging their shawls on the coat rack. Raffles the dog skipped around their legs, her claws clicking on the floor.

Graves squinted up at him.

“Mr. Barebone, is that you?”

“Welcome back, sir!” he called.

“Come down and meet our guests,” Graves said. 

Credence obeyed, rather curious in spite of himself.

The telegram that had arrived several days before had announced that Graves would be returning soon and that, when he did, he would be bringing the Goldstein sisters with him. Now he couldn’t resist the desire to get a glimpse of the two. For all that he was learning about the world—growing ever more cosmopolitan and free-thinking than Miss Barebone would have allowed—he was still perplexed by the idea of his employer hosting two unaccompanied women in his home for an indefinite stay.

“Very modern women, I’ll admit,” Mrs. Esposito had said that morning over breakfast, “but they’re very nice, and that Miss Queenie is a real beauty.” She lowered her voice even though there was no one to overhear except Newt, who was engrossed in the paper at the other end of the table. “I’m not one to gossip,” she continued, “but the society columns have been going for ages about whether or not she and Mr. Graves are engaged.”

Credence had coughed, muttered something about needing to get to work and stumbled off. 

Now, as he approached them, he felt something drop in his stomach. Both women were stunningly beautiful: one dark-haired with rather delicate features that reminded him of some illustrations of fairies he’d seen at the bookshop with Graves a month earlier; the other blonde and with the elegant face of a model. 

Credence suddenly felt very cold.

The blonde woman greeted him first, introducing herself as Queenie. The dark-haired one was her sister Tina.

“You must be Credence Barebone,” Queenie said, shaking his hand. “You’re not really going to help sell this beautiful place, are you?” Credence forced a laugh, unsure of what to say. “Percy, tell me you’re not serious.”

“Queenie, when have you ever known me not to be?” Graves said. He was kneeling, scratching Raffles behind the ears. Credence looked away before his stare became too direct. “Credence,” Graves added, “why don’t you go find Mrs. Esposito so she can show the Goldsteins to their rooms?”

“Yes, sir.” He nodded to them and left quickly, relieved to be given some useful employment. Behind him, he heard one of the Goldsteins mutter something indistinct. There was a bubble of laughter. Credence prayed it wasn’t at his expense.
 
Because there were guests and plans for an after-dinner party, Credence dined in the kitchen that night with Mrs. Esposito, Jacob, and Newt. Jacob regaled them with stories of the goings-on in New York, including a tale of being mistaken for the robber of a jewelry store, which Mrs. Esposito refused to believe a word of. Credence smiled and laughed with the rest of them. He was happy to sit and talk with them, and when his thoughts strayed upstairs, he shook them back the way Graves would shake Raffles’ leash.

But all his plans were dashed as he passed the parlor to return to his bedroom that evening. The door was slightly ajar, allowing golden light to spill into the hallway. Laughter and the silvery tones of a jazz record sounded from inside, along with young, female voices, which seemed an eternity since he’d last heard. He couldn’t resist drawing nearer to the door to listen. The music was bright, syncopated, energetic.

A shadow moved into his periphery and said his name. Credence started.

“Pardon me, sir.”

“I will not,” Graves said. He was wearing an evening suit and smiling in an unguarded way he seldom did during the day. His hair was also not as neat as it usually was: several strands hung askew, which made him appear softer than usual. Younger too, perhaps. Credence thought of the day they’d met in the rain. 

Graves frowned as though he’d just realized it was Credence he was looking at. “Where the devil were you at dinner?”

“In the kitchen, with the others, sir. I didn’t want to intrude…”

“Ah, yes. His famous excuse.” He crossed his arms. “Well, you won’t get away as easily as all that. Come and join us."

Credence’s heart jumped a beat. “—it’s late,” he muttered.

“It’s not even ten o’clock.”

“I don’t have anything to wear that would be appropriate.” He was still in his clothes from earlier in the day, which, while clean and neat, were not to be compared to true evening wear. 

“No one will care,” Graves said. “I assure you, I’m not asking to be polite, I’m asking because I’d like you here with us.” He clapped a hand to Credence’s shoulder. “Come see what fun we’ll have.”

Credence opened his mouth to think of another excuse, but his world had shrunk to the hand on his shoulder, all with Graves none the wiser.

“If you want,” Credence said at last, relenting.

To his utter surprise, Graves smiled. Then he put his arm around his shoulders and led him into the drawing-room. Warmth kindled in Credence’s belly as his body pressed against Graves’s own, hip to hip. He couldn’t resist closing his eyes for the briefest moment.

Graves’s arm slipped from his shoulders. He opened his eyes.

The Goldsteins had also changed for dinner: Tina, now in a blue beaded frock, reclined on the chaise, one stockinged foot bobbing on the coffee table; Queenie, in pale gold, stood in front of the gramophone. She turned to look at Credence and gave him a wide, friendly smile. She was holding a half-empty flute of champagne.

“Hi,” she said brightly to Credence. “We met earlier, didn't we?”

“Yes—Credence Barebone.” 

“I’m Queenie, and that’s my sister Tina over on the couch,” she said.

“He remembers, Queenie,” Tina said. 

“You know, they used to call us Queenie And Teenie,” Queenie continued as though she hadn’t heard her sister. “But then Teens punched someone in the nose and they all stopped.”

“Percy, please remove my sister’s champagne,” Tina said from the chaise. 

Graves made a show of trying to obey, but Queenie lifted her glass precariously high to avoid his hand.

“I’m not bent,” she protested as she stepped away, “I’m bubbly. There’s a difference.”

“Yeah,” said Tina. “Same difference between a spoon and a ladle.”

Queenie sipped her champagne. 

“I’m not going to rise to that,” she said to the room at large. “So you’re Percy’s secretary?” she continued to Credence. “I think that’s wonderful,” she said when he nodded. “The only reason Percy works himself so hard is because he can’t bring himself to let other people help him. You should have seen him tearing all that lovely hair out because he couldn’t find where he’d put such and such a bill, or a such and such a deed. And I also think it’s lovely—” she paused to take another sip of her champagne— “because now, between you and Percy, we’ve got enough to dance.” 

She lifted her champagne to her mouth again, but Graves closed his hand over hers and carefully extracted the glass against her protests.

“Please don’t scare my secretary, Miss Goldstein,” he said.

“Oh, it’s ‘Miss Goldstein,’ is it?” she said. She looked at Credence. “He only ever calls me ‘Miss Goldstein’ when he’s cross.”

“I sincerely apologize,” Graves said, “if I’ve offended you.”

Queenie hummed, considering him. “Apology accepted, pending your invitation to dance.” She extended her hand expectantly. 

He smiled and set her glass down on the table where the gramophone rested. “Queenie, would you do me the honor?”

She took his hand, and he snaked his free hand around her waist. Humming along with the music, they swayed back and forth. For the briefest second, Graves caught Credence’s eye and winked. Credence jerked his gaze away. His ears felt hot.

Tina waved Credence over and patted the space beside her on the chaise. He sat down uncertainly. 

He couldn’t stop thinking of all the things Miss Barebone had said about women like the Goldsteins. Modern woman was a term often bandied about at school, often in the same breath as Whore of Babylon and Jezebel. Miss Barebone had shrieked it between blows of the switch when Chastity, a girl slightly older than him, had been caught putting on lipstick. Credence hadn’t understood why she was angry. He’d thought she’d looked rather nice. “It starts with rouge,” he’d heard Miss Barebone tell her later in the kitchen when she was more collected and Chastity was gingerly binding her wounded hands.  “And then rouge becomes drink, cutting your hair, and all other manner of vice. You don’t want to be like the women you see out there, do you.” 

It hadn’t been a question.

“D’you want a drink, Credence?” Tina asked.

“Uh—no thank you, ma’am.”

“Please, I’m twenty-five, I’m not dead. Call me Tina.”

“Tina,” Credence said uncertainly. 

There was a burst of laughter: Graves had spun and dipped Queenie. He pulled her back upright, shed his jacket, and tossed it onto an armchair.  Clapping her hands, Queenie laughed and beckoned him back as he rolled his sleeves up.

“He’s not working you too hard, is he?” Tina said. Her voice was lower and flatter than her sister’s, and she had a more direct manner of speaking. Credence found this comforting for some reason. 

“Oh no,” Credence said. “He’s quite—he’s quite fair—I’m sorry, what are you drinking?” She was lifting a glass of something that didn’t look like champagne to her lips.

“Scotch.”

“I think I would like that drink actually.”

She went to the drinks cart and poured him an inch. “Take it slow,” she advised him. “No offense, but you don’t look like the kind that drinks that often.”

It burned on the way down, and Credence wasn’t at all sure he enjoyed it, but he felt less out of place with a glass in his hand. The record had ended. Graves and Queenie were now in the corner debating which one to put on next.   

“If you don’t mind my asking,” Credence said, “how do the two of you know Mr. Graves?”

“Mutual friends,” Tina said as if that explained everything. “We go way back.”

Music crackled to life again on the gramophone, and Graves and Queenie resumed their dancing. Credence couldn’t resist watching them: the carefree way they moved; how his hand rested on the small of her back; how they laughed together; the swish of her skirt; how she threw an arm around his neck to press closer. 

Credence tore his eyes away, sipped more of his scotch, and tried to ignore the hollowness in his chest. He supposed it had been naïve of him to assume that a man like Graves would be untethered. Really, it had been the height of folly to assume that Graves would be interested regardless of whether or not there was a girl in the picture. 

But a girl meant engagement, meant marriage, meant closeness had to come to an end, and that Credence would have to let go, little by little. 

He hadn’t intended to feel this way. He had spent the month working so hard to bring his emotions to heel, and now at the first renewed sight of him, the feelings had sprung back up again, green and strong. Graves had made him love him. Credence wished he could hold it against him. 

“Credence, come dance!”

Queenie had left Graves and now had both her hands outstretched to him. She really was beautiful. He noted that her fingers were void of any rings and immediately hated himself for taking stock. He took her hands—they were very soft—and let her pull him up. 

Dancing wasn’t so hard. He let Queenie guide him mostly, while Tina clapped along until Graves pulled her up to dance too.

“You’re holding yourself so stiff!” Queenie exclaimed. “Let your arms move—there, like that. See? You’re a natural!”
 
When the mantle clock chimed midnight, the sisters agreed it was time to retire and stumbled upstairs to their rooms, talking softly amongst themselves. With a groan, Graves slumped into the armchair and dragged his hands down his face. 

“What an evening,” he said. 

“Shall I leave you, sir?” asked Credence.

He raised himself up slightly and squeezed his eyes shut, then opened them again. “Be a lad and pour me a scotch, would you?”

Credence did. “How long have you known them?” he asked as he uncorked the decanter. 

“About three years now. We had a certain sympathy of circumstance. Both our parents died and left us in the lurch. Although I daresay they had the harder time of it. No one ever put a company in their laps. Thank you,” he added as Credence handed him the scotch.

“Tina said you met through friends.” 

“If that’s what we’re calling a speakeasy, then yes.” Credence’s ears blazed. “Did you enjoy tonight?”

The question caught Credence off guard, and he floundered for an answer. 

“I’m not much of a dancer, sir,” he said at last. “But yes.”

“And the girls, you liked them?”

“Yes, sir.” It wasn’t even a lie; he’d found them to be friendly and engaging. He hesitated. “What I really liked was the music,” he said. “I’ve never had the chance to hear songs like that before.”

“Would you like to hear some more?” Graves asked.

“Sir?”

He rose and went to the bookcase to retrieve a record, then placed it on the gramophone.  It popped and hissed, and then an orchestra bloomed to life. “Something more melancholic for you,” Graves said. 

Love is like a cigarette, the singer sang. You know you held my heart aglow…

“I like it,” Credence said after a moment or two. 

Put your arm around me again, he thought. Even if it’s just so I can pretend.

But Graves dropped onto the chaise where Tina had been sitting a few hours before. “Sit down,” he said. Credence took the armchair. It was still warm from when Graves had sat in it moments before.

The song was replaced by something new, sweeter and not quite so sad. 

“You drank tonight,” Graves said.

“If you’d prefer I not do so,” Credence began, but he waved a hand.

“I’m only surprised. I took you for such an altar boy.”

“If you must know, sir, that was my very first drink.”

“Excepting communion wine, I assume.”

Credence allowed himself a small smile. “Excepting communion wine.”

“You drank, you danced, you listened to modern music—we’ll make a lush of you yet, Mr. Barebone.”

If you only knew, he thought, the things I do in my head. 

“You’ll join us again tomorrow evening, then?” Graves continued.

“I’d like that,” he heard himself say.

“Very good.” He sipped his scotch. “I loathe entertaining here,” he said suddenly. Credence blinked at his employer’s sudden change in mood. “In town it’s not so bad. People don’t have the expectations there that they do when they come here.” He waved a hand expansively at the room. “The ancestral manse.” 

“I’m sure the—the Goldsteins—that they don’t mind.”

“Perhaps not,” he said. “But I can hardly bring myself to come back here even as little I do now. Our staff has shrunk to an eighth of what it was originally. The whole place has fallen into disrepair. We don’t even use the east wing anymore… We used to be so respected, and now we can barely afford to pay our bills. The house is falling apart, my father speculated us into ruin, and now the one surviving heir is—” He gulped down the rest of his scotch. “Most of the heirlooms had to be sold to pay off the debts. I think my mother’s pearls are the only thing of value left. And they wonder why I don’t marry,” he added. “As if I could ever afford the expense, let alone keep the woman in the comfort she deserves.”

“Perhaps she wouldn’t mind,” said Credence. “I think as long as she were happy with you, she wouldn’t mind about the house or any of it.”

“You mean love?” Credence nodded, not looking at him. Graves huffed. “Now there’s a costly scheme,” he said. 

“What do you mean?”

“You can never have been in love,” Graves said, “if you have to ask.”

“You can’t know that.”

“Is that so? And who has your eye lighted on, Mr. Barebone?” Graves was smiling.

Heat flooded Credence’s face. “You’re teasing me, sir.”

“I am, and you’re giving me all the more sport by not answering me straight. Come on,” he added when Credence did not respond. “I won’t have you turning sullen so late in the evening.” He hesitated. “The girls looked very fine tonight, didn’t you think?”

Credence didn’t think he had imbibed that much, but he was suddenly finding it difficult to keep up with Graves’s constant changes of subject. He blinked, trying to reorient. The Goldstein sisters were the last thing he wanted to discuss. 

“They did,” he admitted. 

His smile was growing. When he spoke again, the teasing tone had returned. “And could love be enough to keep one of them, do you think?”

“I wouldn’t pretend to know, sir.”

“You don’t think me handsome enough?”

The question was unexpected. He glanced up. Graves was still seated by the fire, the light flickering off his face, making his eyes glitter. 

Credence swallowed. 

“I think you would make anyone happy, sir,” he said at last.

Graves stood and poured himself another scotch. Without turning around, he said, “You have a very direct gaze, Credence.”

“Forgive me, sir.”

“It wasn’t a criticism.” There was a clatter of glasses. When he turned back to Credence, he was holding another scotch. “Here.” 

He hadn’t asked him if he’d wanted another or not, but Credence rose to take it anyway. In the exchange, their fingers brushed together. 

“Those hands of yours,” Graves said.

“Sir?”

Graves reached out and took the one not holding the glass. He ran his thumb over the scars, apparently unaware of Credence catching his breath. 

“I can’t believe I didn’t notice them until you told me,” he said.

“Usually people only see what they want to see.” 

Part of him screamed to pull his hand away, but he couldn’t make himself go through with it. Graves’s thumb was a little rough, firm. 

“And these were all from Miss Barebone.”

He nodded. 

“But these are all that you have?”

Credence shook his head. “I have more on my back. A few on my legs.”

“I’m sorry.”

“We all have wounds of some sort,” he said. “Mine are just a little more visible than other people’s. That’s all.”

Graves was looking at him strangely. 

“Sometimes,” he said softly, “I wish I were on a quiet island with only you.”

Credence looked down at the carpet as something warm curled up against his chest wall. 

“Yes, sir.” 

Graves seemed to shake himself. “Forgive me. I suspect I’ve been up too long.”

“And I’d say you’ve had too much to drink,” Credence added. “You should go upstairs. I’ll clean up.”

“Nonsense. Someone will handle it in the morning,” said Graves.

“Go to bed,” Credence said firmly. “I’ll take care of it.”

“Ah, there it is.”

“There’s what?”

“That blistering common sense of yours. There’s something of the arcane about you that makes you unerringly practical.” He gave a little huff of amusement and ran his fingertip briefly down Credence’s cheek. “I’ll see you tomorrow. Good night.”

It was only after Graves had left the room that Credence realized he had made no reply.
 
People talked of natural sympathies, seldom meaning it in the way Credence thought of them. But surely there had been something there in the parlor, with the record playing softly in the corner and Graves’s fingertip against Credence’s flushed skin. He was still trembling from the closeness, the heat. He knew all of it would factor into his dreams that night, and likely for the rest of the week too. 

His cheek burned.

Back in his room, he stood in front of the mirror on his dresser and gazed intently at his reflection. He felt as though being touched by Graves should have physically altered him in some way. But it was the same reflection as usual. 

Miss Barebone had taught him that vanity was sinful; she had been known to punish pupils whom she deemed had taken longer than necessary at the mirror. But just then, it seemed he couldn’t stop himself from taking in the sight of his reflection. He knew he wasn’t particularly special to look at—Miss Barebone had made that very clear—but it seemed to him that there was a glow of something extra this evening, something that could almost rival Queenie in her golden frock and her pearl earrings, that pink bow of a mouth and long lashes. She hadn’t looked sinful, despite all the things that Miss Barebone had said about women like her. Credence knew better than to think that he could ever compete.

But something had shifted in him all the same. 

He traced the same spot on his cheek that Graves had touched as though trying to conjure up the sensation again. There was a pang in his core that he couldn’t define, as though certain long-dead nerves had been reawakened. He licked his lips and moved his hand to his mouth, traced its outline with his fingertip, understanding without ever consciously considering it that he was imagining it to be Graves’s mouth against his.

A wave of panic washed through him, and he snatched his hand away and turned from the mirror.

He readied for bed as though in a trance until, rifling through the top drawer of his dresser, his hand brushed thick wool. 

It was the scarf Graves had lent him months before, which Credence had never given back. He’d always found a convenient way to forget.

Before shame could check him, he lifted it to his nose. Weeks of being confined in his dresser had erased most of the scent, but he could still make out a ghost of Graves’s cologne amid the stronger smell of the wool. Dark, sweet, notes of citrus beneath the musk. Credence breathed it in and tried not to imagine how he must look from the outside: clad only in his undershirt and shorts, his face buried in a scarf that wasn’t his. 

A deep pulse between his legs made him jolt. Hastily, he dropped the scarf back in the dresser and scrambled onto the bed as if, by doing so, he could escape his own body. 

The scent of the scarf lingered in his nose. He buried his head in his hands and rubbed his temples.

What was control, really? Was it having the strength to hold off, or having the strength to know when you were beaten? That line of debate had never been relevant back at school, where he had only been living a skeleton’s view of what life was. But here, on the outside, there were so many more complications.

He should leave all of this alone, go to sleep, and try to forget.  

His cock ached.

He looked to the door, paranoid that it might have blown open somehow in the previous minutes. But it was closed, and he was alone in his bedroom. No sound came from the hall outside. 

He swallowed and slid his right hand into his shorts. 

His entire body seemed to buckle at the first brush of his hand against himself. He could count on one hand the number of times he had done this. Every time he had lost his nerve and been unable to go through with it. 

He stroked himself harder and conjured up again the scent of Graves’s cologne, tried to imagine it surrounding him. Graves kissing his throat. The thought made him flush anew—it was one thing to weaken to the animal sensation, quite another to involve someone else in it—but the dam had broken, and it was now impossible to hold back the river. He lay back against the pillows and opened his mouth to the air, as though Graves were going to bend down and claim it for his own. 

On an impulse he couldn’t define, he sucked three of his fingers into his mouth with a wet pop. 

The animal sensation was one thing, but the wanting was something else altogether. He wanted it to be Graves who slid his hand into his shorts and pulled at him, wanted the roughness of his unshaven cheek against his jaw and the side of his neck. He wanted it to be Graves’s fingers that forced their way between his lips, that he sucked on with wanton desperation. He wanted Graves to be there with him to give the sin some legitimacy, however suspect: because wanting to sin and being unable to somehow felt worse than sinning itself. 

He came into his fist: semen seeping through his fingers, saliva dripping down his chin, and loneliness aching between his ribs.

Furtively, he cleaned up and crept back into bed, feeling soiled and not a little guilty.


He’d planned to eat breakfast in the kitchen the next morning, all the while knowing that he’d never be permitted to make it that far. Sure enough, as he passed the breakfast room that morning, he heard Graves call his name and invite him to join them. He blinked as he ducked inside. The curtains had been drawn for once, and now the room was flooded with light, which glinted off the crystal on the table. Graves was seated at the head, as usual, Queenie sitting nearby, but Tina was leaned against the sideboard with a cup of coffee, looking groggy. Credence tried to avoid looking at Graves; he was terrified that what he had done last night would show on his face. 

“Don’t mind my sister,” Queenie told Credence as he sat down tentatively with his usual toast and coffee. “She’s not sensible before ten-thirty.”

Tina waved a hand in dismissal and took another sip of her coffee.

“You’d better sober—I mean wake up—before this afternoon,” Queenie told her. She continued to Graves, “We are still going down, aren’t we?”

“As far as I’m aware. Credence, have you ever been down to the beach?”

A brief glance. How was he able to look like that, even first thing in the morning? He remembered putting his hand around his cock, felt his pulse kick, and took a hasty gulp of his coffee. 

“Credence?” Graves prompted. “The beach?”

He hadn’t answered the question. Quickly, he shook his head, praying that the burning sensation in his face wasn’t a blush.

“Well, we were planning to take a jaunt down that way this afternoon, if you’d like to come along.”

“No, thank you,” said Credence, who had no desire to intrude on their activities any further than he already had. “I have work I need to do.”

“You’re absolutely sure?” Graves was not-quite smiling over his slice of toast. “The house isn’t going anywhere, you know.”

“You should come!” said Queenie. “Let your hair down, make a day of it.”

“You should,” Tina agreed. “The more time you take off, the slower this house gets sold, and the more time we have to change this old fool’s mind.”

“I see you’ve arrived at wakefulness,” Graves said. “More’s the pity.”

“I just don’t understand why you’d try and sell this beautiful thing off.” Queenie gestured at their surroundings. “It’s gorgeous. It’s like walking into a museum piece.”

“Or a mausoleum,” said Graves.

She turned to Credence. “Honey, I hope you’re doing your best to sabotage this whole thing. He’s a fool—” she jabbed Graves repeatedly in the shoulder with an elegantly manicured finger— “an ab—so—lute—fool.” 

He caught her hand, squeezed it fondly, and returned it to the table. Credence forced his eyes to his cup of coffee.

“You see what I have to put up with?” Graves asked him. “I need you as a neutral party. Please come with us. For the sake of my sanity if nothing else.”

“Sir, your sanity is your own affair,” said Credence. “But I’ll think about it.”

“I hope that means you’ve already accepted and you’re just hedging to keep up appearances.”

“I don’t know what you mean, I’m sure, sir.”

“Ask Newt and Mrs. Esposito if they want to come along. Jacob’ll be driving us anyway, and we may as well make a party of it. Come on now,” he added. “I want to see some sun on that nose of yours.”
 
Much as Credence had expected, Mrs. Esposito declined the invitation, but to his mild surprise, Newt agreed. Within several hours, Credence found himself packed in the open-air touring car with Graves, Newt, Queenie and Tina, and Jacob at the wheel. It was a tight fit, and there were enough people that multiple conversations went on at once. Queenie and Jacob were enveloped in an enthusiastic discussion of cooking: in which Jacob was verbally dictating one of his grandmother’s recipes and Queenie comparing it to her mother’s philosophy of cooking, which amounted mostly to “throwing it all in a pan and hoping to get a cake out of it.” Meanwhile, Tina read the day’s newspaper headlines out to Graves in the front seat. Newt and Credence, cramped at the edge, settled for watching the countryside fly past. Credence closed his eyes and let the conversations fade into background noise underneath the buffeting of the wind.

“Here we are!” Jacob’s announcement broke him out of his reverie. 

When he opened his eyes, he found them parked on a dune amid waving green-brown brush. Laid out before them was a large strip of white sand and then the sea, rolled out like a swathe of green sparkling silk. A breeze swept across the beach, disturbing the sand. Credence tasted salt.

The car’s passengers disembarked, and the blankets and chairs set out. A picnic basket had been prepared, containing sandwiches, a set of small glasses, and two thermoses: one of lemonade; the other gin rickeys. Graves immediately announced his intention to take a walk. Credence might have accompanied him, but he didn’t want to appear too much like a hanger-on, particularly after the previous evening. The Goldsteins and Kowalski took possession of the blankets, Queenie and the latter still involved in their car conversation. Much as expected, Newt immediately went off to examine a nearby flock of sandpipers. Left without affiliation, Credence sat on the front of the car and watched the waves roll in. It was a calm day, warm and bright. 

“Can I join you?” He opened his eyes to find Tina standing nearby. He nodded and moved over to give her some room. She held two glasses, one of lemonade, the other gin. She handed him the lemonade and sipped her cocktail. “I hope we’re not alienating you,” she said. 

“No,” he said quickly. “Not at all.”

They watched the water for a little while, then Credence, uneasy at the silence, asked, “What do you do? Back in the city?”

“I work down at the Fifth precinct,” she said. When Credence raised his eyebrows, she added, “Oh, it’s nothing particularly glamorous. Mostly just answering telephones and questioning whatever women they happen to bring in. Queenie’s got it worse,” she added. “She has to type up all the reports when the officers can’t be bothered. You must know a bit of what that’s like, I imagine.” She winked.

“Oh, it’s really not so—”

She grinned. “It’s all right to complain about your job, you know,” she said. “It’s practically expected.”

“It’s really not so bad.” He realized that, in spite of the mind-numbing amounts of paperwork he went through daily, he really did mean it. Whatever undesirable parts of the job there were, they were more than ameliorated by the reward of simply being able to associate with Graves. He remembered the jokes at breakfast about sabotaging the house’s sale. Part of him wondered how long he might be able to manage it, if only to extend the job’s length and therefore his proximity to Graves. But that was foolish, and selfish besides. 

He cleared his throat. “Why don’t you leave your job, if you don’t like it?”

“I do like it,” she said. “I mean, it’s what I wanted to do. It’s just that I didn’t anticipate that being a lady cop meant getting coffee for my male counterparts.” She laughed. “Queenie always jokes about marrying rich and getting to leave the Fifth in the dust. I say that if either of us is going to do it, she’s the one.” At Credence’s frown, she said, “Come on, who am I kidding? I might be the career gal, but she’s the pretty one. Better with people too.”

“I’m sorry,” said Credence.

Tina glanced sidelong at him and then looked out across the beach, where Queenie was sunning herself on her blanket, her dark sunglasses perched on the bridge of her nose. Jacob was still talking to her; she grinned and nodded in response to some question he’d asked. 

“Nothing to be sorry about,” Tina said. “She’s going to land a very good man one of these days, I’ll bet you anything.” 

“Mr. Graves,” Credence said, not quite under his breath. 

She glanced at him. “If you believe the tittle-tattle.”

“You don’t?”

“I’ll believe it when I see it,” she said. “If you ask me, Percy’s kind of a cold fish. Not that he isn’t emotional,” she added. “It’s just that he’s not very good at expressing himself in the right ways. If he were in love with my sister, he would have told her about eighty different times already, and never once by saying what he actually means.” 

Credence swallowed. “And you don’t think he has?”

“Queenie’s very good at noticing that kind of thing. If he’s said anything to her, she hasn’t passed it on.” 

They were silent for a while. A particularly large wave slid up the side of the beach, just barely missing the corner of Queenie’s blanket before retreating. Gulls cackled overhead. 

Credence thought about what she’d said, but if he tried to consider the implications, his stomach began to swoop in a decidedly alarming way. Could he have misinterpreted everything all this time?

“Has Mr. Graves ever been engaged before?” he asked before he could talk himself out of posing the question. “That you know of?”

If Tina was surprised, she didn’t show it.

“Once before, but it didn’t last.” She caught his eye. “The war,” she explained. “He was stationed in Europe, and it’s hard for an engagement to survive that kind of separation. Mine didn’t.”

A call came from further up the beach, and Newt appeared over the dune, clutching something in his hands. He joined Credence and Tina by the car.

“What’ve you got there?” she asked, craning her neck to see what he held, which turned out to be a seagull. Its left wing was bent at an unnatural angle.

“Found him not too far from here,” Newt said. “I think I might be able to set the wing if I get him home. Don’t think the poor fellow’s ate much.”

“Don’t suppose he’d like sandwich, would he?” asked Tina. 

“I dunno that the whole sandwich would be good for him, but if there’s lettuce in it, we could try and tempt him with that.”

Credence left them to tend to the bird and sat down one of the blankets by Queenie and Jacob. His lemonade glass was empty; on a spur of boldness, he refilled it with the gin cocktail. 

“Credence, honey,” Queenie said presently, “you look so stiff! It’s a party! Jacob—“ she turned to Jacob— “tell him it’s a party and he should enjoy himself.”

Jacob grinned and raised his glass to him. “You heard the lady.”

Credence sipped his drink—not bad, not quite so scorching as the drinks of last night—and then obliged to loosen his collar and roll up his sleeves. Queenie lost no time in pulling him into the conversation, but his mind was back on what Tina had said.

A few minutes later, Graves returned from his walk. 

“How ever did you manage that?” he asked of Jacob and Queenie. “I don’t think I’ve ever even seen him with his tie off.” Credence’s face burned, but he couldn’t help shifting, pleased at the praise in spite of himself. “Pour me one of those, would you?” he asked of Credence, who obeyed and then obligingly clinked glasses with him when Graves motioned for it. It was hard to look at him. 

“Have you been in the water yet?” Graves asked him.

“I’m not exactly dressed for it, sir.”

“Nonsense. Roll your trousers up and take those shoes off, and you’ll be fine.”

Credence polished off his drink and stood. His body seemed to thrum in Graves’s presence, even more so than usual. His hands trembled as he unlaced his shoes. 

He hardly noticed how cold the water was when it first washed over his feet; his mind was focused on the gap of air between the small of his back and where Graves’s hand now hovered, as though he were afraid to touch him. If he were in love with my sister, he would have told her about eighty different times already. Was that what was currently happening? What if that was why he was taking him into the water in the first place—all the way to their knees, even though it was soaking through Credence’s trousers straight to the skin? Surely he was overthinking this… He didn’t dare suspect, had been brought up never to expect anything concerning himself, but if what Tina had said was true… 

He couldn’t stop running over every conversation they’d had, trying to convince himself that it was something other than what he thought. He remembered the previous evening: I wish I were on a quiet island with only you. Now that he thought about it, what else could he have meant? How could he have been so blind? How many times had he said it, only for the meaning to fly over Credence’s head?

A wave sloshed into them, knocking them into each other and soaking them both from the waist down. For a moment, Credence felt their bodies against each other—the firmness, the warmth—and then he stumbled back, keenly aware of the heat in his face and how easily his body could betray him.
 
Mrs. Esposito was waiting for them in the great hall when they all returned several hours later, a little tipsy and very sunburnt.

“Mr. Barebone,” she said, “there’s a visitor for you.” Credence blinked in surprise. “She came about half an hour ago. I put her in the kitchen.”

“Oh—” he glanced down at his still-damp clothes— "I suppose I’d better change…”

He caught Graves’s eye, a silent request for permission. He waved his hand.

“Go on,” he said. “You can meet us in the drawing-room later when you’re through."
 
He changed quickly, raked a comb through his hair—it really was growing long, reaching past his jaw now—and then hurried downstairs, through the baize door, and into the kitchen. 

He stopped short as Chastity leaped to her feet from where she’d been seated at the center table. 

At first glance, she didn’t seem to have changed at all, but as he drew closer, he realized that she appeared even more fatigued than usual: her eyes were underscored by dark circles, and she looked thinner, more haggard. Her hair looked as though it might have missed a washing. But she smiled when she saw him and embraced him tightly. 

She held him back at arm’s length to look him over. 

“You look very well.”

“What’s happened?” Credence asked. “Why are you here?”

“They’re treating you well?”

“Yes—Chastity, what’s going on?”

She shifted her weight and toyed with the handle of her umbrella. “You look so happy, I wish I had better news—”

His stomach clenched. 

“Chastity?”

She pressed her lips together. 

“Miss Barebone’s ill.” 

The anxiety that he’d felt receded and was then immediately replaced by guilt at his lack of feeling. 

“Is it serious?” he asked at last when he realized he’d made no reply.

“We think so,” she said. “She hasn’t let us call for a doctor, of course. We’ve been praying, and I left Modesty trying to bring down the fever, but I don’t know what else we can do.”

“Why have you come here?” he asked. “If it’s money you need, then perhaps I could—”

“No,” she said immediately, firmly. “We couldn’t accept it. It’s—well.” She swallowed. "She’s been asking for you.”

Credence’s features hardened. 

“No,” he said. “Absolutely not.”

“Credence, she’s dying.”

“And what can I do about that? No,” he continued. “I can’t go back. I won’t.”

“Credence, I think she’s forgiven you,” she blurted out. 

Credence stared. 

“It’s true,” she continued off his look of disbelief. “I heard her say it last night. She wants you to come back. So she can tell you in person.”

He knew better than to think it was true, but something in his subconscious still panged at the idea of being finally forgiven (for what, leaving or his degeneracy?). He understood that Miss Barebone had not earned her right to be cared for and that he shouldn’t care what she thought of him. But she had raised him, and as much as he loathed her, something in him was still desperate for her approval. She had never forgiven him for loving Jonah, and he had never forgiven her for forcing him to choose between his heart and her approval.

“I can’t go back,” he said at last. “My life’s here now. I can’t keep on—Chastity, surely you must understand. If it were you, you’d feel the same way. After Jonah, and now with—”

Now with Graves, and the introduction of a faint, faint ray of hope.

“It would be the Christian thing to do,” she said. “To see her.”

“I know,” he said. The silence said everything, and they both knew it; he watched her face crumple and wished that he didn’t still feel remorse for cutting ties to his old life. He hugged her again, and something in him sank when she only returned the embrace with half of her earlier enthusiasm. 

She pulled back and straightened her back, lifted her chin. 

“I’ll pray for your change of heart,” she said.

How often they had closed conversations in that way, back at the school; Credence had forgotten. I’ll pray for you. I’ll pray for you. I’ll pray for you. A few months away, and already he was a stranger to habits that had once been ingrained in him.
 
In the parlor, he found that Graves and the Goldsteins had wasted no time in starting up the party again (Newt and Jacob had left early, the former eager to tend to his injured bird, the later intent on having an early night of it). The Goldsteins had changed into evening clothes: Tina in deep burgundy, Queenie in black. Graves wore another suit but hadn’t tended to his hair. If I were his wife, Credence thought, I’d never let him touch it. The thought made him flush. 

Graves had fixed white wine spritzers. He handed one to Credence, who, still learning to pace himself, took only a sip or two. It was a wonder to him that the others were still upright. The gramophone was wheeled out, and music put on. Tina regaled them all with the story of how she and Newt helped the injured gull out on the beach. 

Over dinner, the conversation turned once again to the house, but Graves waved a threatening finger. “You’re not to make Credence talk shop,” he said. “I’m trying to convince him to take more time off as it is, and the two of you aren’t helping. Talk about something else.”

Queenie settled back in her chair. “We-ell,” she said, “our uncle came for a visit this past week. You should have heard him. ‘When are you quitting that job and settling down?’ I thought Teens was going to put her fist through the wall.” 

Tina groaned. “More like his nose,” she grumbled.

“And I said, ‘I’ll quit when you show me a man worth quitting for.’” Queenie finished her drink. “So anyway, Percy, honey, if you can endeavor to behave as little like a goy as possible, I may drag you along as my date when his birthday rolls around.”

“I’ll be sure to clear my calendar.”

“You’re a treasure.”

Tina groaned again and rubbed her temples. “I don’t know about the rest of you,” she said, “but I could sleep for the next century at least.”

“Don’t tell me you’re going up already,” said Queenie.

“Looks that way.” She stood, squeezed her sister’s shoulder, and nodded her goodbyes to Credence and Graves, who lifted his drink to her as she passed.

Queenie reached for the empty wine bottle at the center of the table and grimaced. “We need to slow down,” she said.

“I can fetch another one if you want,” Credence offered.

“Don’t you dare,” said Graves, just as Queenie said, “Would you, honey? You’re an angel.” She looked triumphantly at Graves as Credence stood. “Ain’t he an angel, Percy?”

“Certainly,” said Graves. “Although what he’s an angel of, I’m not sure. Trying to escape the party, eh?” he added to Credence.

“Only for a very short while,” Credence replied. He couldn’t suppress a small smile when Graves arched one thick eyebrow at him. 

“Well, if you must go,” he said, “better make it the Moscato.” He winked, and Credence felt his insides catch fire. 

As soon as the door closed, Credence permitted himself to waver a little on the spot and grin at the floor. 

He all but ran to the kitchen to retrieve another bottle—nearly grabbing a red instead of the desired Moscato—and then hastened back to the dining room. A few yards out, he forced himself to slow his pace to a walk. 

He raised his hand to push the dining-room door open again, but the murmuring of voices inside gave him pause.

“…something always happens,” Graves was saying.

“If you ask me,” Queenie said, “I think you’re being a dreadful stick in the mud.”

“Tell me something I don’t know.” 

“It’s your life. I can’t tell you how to live it.”

“I just need time,” said Graves. “That’s all.”

Queenie murmured something that Credence couldn’t catch, and Percy groaned. “I just need time,” he repeated.

“You haven’t got forever.”

“What’s your sister think?”

“Something I won’t repeat.”

“Sounds about right.”

“You’ve got to make a decision,” Queenie continued. “We both know that you can’t keep playing both sides. Not forever. And don’t call yourself a coward.”

“How did you—”

“You always look like that when you’re about to be self-deprecating.”

Before he could lose his nerve entirely, Credence strode back into the dining room and put down the new wine bottle on the table. Queenie didn’t move, but Graves startled guiltily back into his chair like a child caught in wrongdoing. Credence took his seat again and sipped his water. A heavy silence hung around the table, as though they both knew that he’d been listening in and didn’t know what to say.

“Credence, did you want a top-up?” Graves asked.

He shook his head, and Graves put down the bottle. He seemed to have lost all his confidence in the short time that Credence had been gone. 

There was a rumble of thunder in the distance. Credence saw Graves’s wine glass shudder a little in his hand. A moment later, the first patter of rain began to hit the windows. 

Queenie sipped her wine, but Credence caught her eyes flick toward Graves. Then she caught Credence’s eye. 

Then she stood. 

“I think I’m heading to bed,” she said. “Credence, you’ll keep an eye on Percy for me, won’t you?” Her tone was light, but Credence understood her meaning. Graves probably had as well. 

She left, and Credence finished his water.

“Will you be turning in, sir?” he asked.

“Not just yet.” Graves glanced up at the ceiling. In the last few minutes, the rain had quickened to a steady roar on the roof. Thunder growled overhead. “I won’t get a wink in this.”

“Shall I sit with you, sir?”

“Please don’t feel obligated to.”

 “I’m not tired.”

Graves might have hidden a small smile. “Well, in that case, feel free to join me in the parlor.”
 
In the parlor, Graves sank onto the chaise and put his arm across his eyes. Credence hovered in the doorway. 

“Is there anything I can get you, sir?” he asked.

He shook his head. “No, thank you. Although if you could play something on that piano, I’d be much obliged.”

Credence nodded and went to the piano. 

“Anything in particular?”

“Whatever you like.”

Credence found the sheet music for one of Fauré’s nocturnes and began to hesitantly play. He was still learning it, and so it wasn’t as polished as he would have liked, but Graves didn’t seem to mind.

“I suppose this is one thing I'll lose when I sell this place,” Graves mused. 

“Sir?” 

Credence glanced at him in the piano’s polished surface; he had unbuttoned his jacket and was now untying his bowtie. Credence fumbled a chord and quickly returned his attention to the music.

“It’s harder to entertain in one’s apartment than it is here. Harder to have a family too, I suppose,” Graves added.

There was silence for a while, broken only by the piano. When it seemed Graves had nothing more to add, Credence swallowed and asked, “Is that something you’d like to do? Have a family one day?”

There was another long pause, long enough that Credence wondered if Graves had heard him. Then he shifted on the couch and spoke.

“When people ask me why I want to sell this place,” he said, “what they’re really asking is whether I’m letting the family go too. Inheritance, ancestral bloodlines and all that.” After a moment he added, “If I don’t marry, I’ll be the last Graves. After I die, the business and whatever property’s left will go to the nearest surviving relative. Which I believe is a distant cousin in Wales who hasn’t much of a head for business. So you can imagine the pressure.”

“But do you want to marry?”

“It’s not a question of whether I want to or not. It’s just the way my life’s turned out.”

“But if it were up to you?” Credence asked. “Would you do it?”

“I don’t know, Credence!” He’d raised his voice. Credence abandoned the music and looked back at him. Graves had sat up, was staring at him in dismay. “What exactly are you asking?”

They stared at each other for a moment, and then Credence dropped his gaze to the carpet. 

“I’m sorry,” he muttered. “I shouldn’t have pried.”

“And I shouldn’t have snapped like that. I’m sorry.” After a moment, he continued. “If it were up to me, I suppose I’d do as I pleased. Live however I liked. But I’ve got obligations.” They both knew it wasn’t an answer. “What about you?” he added. 

Credence resumed his playing. 

“I don’t know,” he said. “I was taught that matrimony is a holy act. But I don’t expect to ever get the opportunity.” After a minute or two of playing, he said, “They say you’re going to marry Queenie.”

“I know.” Graves’ voice was leaden. 

He swallowed. “Are you?”

“I expect her family would take a dim view of it.”

“But would you?”

“Queenie has her own life,” Graves said. “And her own obligations. We know each other. Far better than any debutante they keep shoving in my direction. I expect she or her sister would be the least complicated choice.” A pause. He sighed. “If I thought either of them would ever say yes, I’d ask them tomorrow.”

Credence’s eyes stung. He blinked hard.

“You shouldn’t have to,” he murmured.

“What did you say?”

The first tears threatened to spill over his lashes. He couldn’t trust himself to speak without his voice trembling. 

“Credence.” When he didn’t respond, Graves added, “Credence, look at me.”

He had ceased playing. “You’ll forgive me, sir,” he said, not obeying. The black and white keys swam in his vision. “I think I need to turn in early. I’m tired.”

A short silence. “And a little depressed, I think.”

He shook his head, still refusing to look at him. “I’m not depressed.”

“If I didn’t know you better,” Graves said softly, “I’d say you were weeping.”

Credence abandoned the piano and left the room. 

“Credence, wait.” 

Footsteps echoed behind him. Graves had followed him out. 

“I want to go to bed.”

“I know—just wait.” Graves caught him by the arm, and Credence went rigid in his grasp. He stared at the floor, willed himself to be anywhere but in the corridor with Graves holding onto him. For the briefest moment, he glanced back at him. Graves was standing there, jacket off and tie loose and hanging from his collar. Hastily, he looked away again. His throat ached. 

“Credence, talk at me. That’s all I ask.” 

He didn’t move. 

“Credence.”

He swallowed. “Let me go.”

He pulled away. 

“Credence, wait!” 

Something in his tone—perhaps an added desperation that hadn’t been there before—made him halt on the staircase. Slowly, reluctantly, he turned to face him, keeping his eyes low, trained on Graves’ shoes where they stood on the lowest step of the staircase.

“Just—“ Graves seemed to be searching for the right word. “Just hear me for a moment. I—” And he broke off again.

“You’re tired, sir,” Credence said quickly. “It’ll keep until tomorrow.”

He turned to go, but Graves’ hand shot out and caught him by the arm again.

“Suppose you were a wealthy young man,” he said quickly. Credence blinked, frowning, as he tried to keep up.

“… sir?’

“And you’d been indulged from childhood upwards,” Graves said. He was rushing through his words, making them nearly incomprehensible. A wild, desperate look flashed in his eyes. “And you do your best to be a credit to your family and their expectations, but you know that you’re lacking in a certain respect. And you live with that knowledge festering inside of you,” he continued, beginning to slow as he realized that Credence was no longer about to flee, “until, one day, you find yourself in a foreign country with no real friends and no connections. And you commit the capital error. You leave yourself vulnerable and you’re broken. And should you commit that error again, the price of it will follow you for the rest of your life,” he said. “Affecting not just you but untold others.”

“Sir, I don’t—” Credence began, but Graves held up a hand. 

"Now suppose you could only be happy if you committed that error again.” His throat bobbed. “Are you justified?”

Graves’ eyes glimmered in the firelight, and suddenly Credence felt them on the edge of the precipice. One word in the wrong direction and he might send them toppling over. He forced his gaze away from Graves’ face, those dark, searching eyes. 

“I can’t be your conscience, sir,” he said at last. 

He could feel his eyes on him, that wall of warmth.

“No indeed,” Graves said softly. “That you can’t.” After a moment, he added, “But can you pity me?”

Credence nodded. 

“More than I can pity myself,” he said.

“And what does that mean?”

Credence shifted his weight. “That I’m far more wicked than you realize.”

Graves put his foot on the next step. Credence often forgot, but he actually stood an inch or two taller than his employer. Here, on a higher level, he had a good five inches on Graves. The ability to look down and see him looking up made him feel at once powerful and strangely vulnerable. 

“We’re all wicked,” Graves said. 

And his eyes moved unmistakably from Credence’s eyes to his mouth. 

Credence swallowed, felt his lips part involuntarily. They were close enough that he could almost feel Graves’ breath upon his face. The dark, sweet musk of his cologne seemed to flood the entire foyer; it made Credence’s mouth water.

A memory of Miss Barebone reading from the Bible at the service after Jonah died flashed through his mind. “'He replied, ‘Take me and throw me into the sea, and then it will calm down for you. I know it is my fault that this great storm has struck you.’”

Graves drew in a breath, his eyes still fixed on Credence’s mouth. 

Credence’s eyes slid shut.

(I know it is my fault).

Credence turned away with a clear of his throat, and the moment broke. Graves stepped back and ran a hand through his hair, dropping his gaze to the floor. 

“I—um—” Credence choked on his own words— “I should—”

“Should turn in,” Graves finished. It was impossible to read his tone.

“Yes.” He cleared his throat again. His face and ears were blazing. “Um—good night—?”

He fled before he could wreck the evening further, leaving Graves on the stairs.


By the next morning, the storm had broken. It seemed to Credence that the rain had washed the world clean. The morning dawned cool and fresh, with a pleasant smell wafting off the wet grass. Graves and the others elected to breakfast out in the garden on the veranda. Credence joined them, knowing that he would be missed if he failed to appear. He poured himself a cup of coffee and tried not to catch Graves’ eye. It wasn’t difficult; Graves was very focused on his newspaper that morning. Tina, nursing her coffee, was staring off in the direction of the hedges, while beside her, Queenie leafed through a bundle of paper. Jacob had copied out a select few of his grandmother’s recipes for her.

“How are you this morning?” Tina asked him.

“Well. Thank you.” He hesitated. “And yourself?”

She grinned and sipped her coffee. “I’ll let you know.” 

Was he imagining things, or did Graves steal a glance at him over the top of his newspaper? Credence didn’t dare return the look. 

He had spent nearly all of the previous night lying awake, thinking so hard it gave him a bellyache. There was no point in trying to persuade himself that he had misread what nearly happened on the stairs. 

Graves had wanted to kiss him.

And, clumsily, Credence had turned him away. Some part of him that had never left Mary Lou Barebone’s school insisted that here was a wicked man of the world who wanted nothing more than to corrupt Credence even more than he already had been. 

But what frightened him even more than that was the prospect that, here, he could actually consummate the sin he’d committed in thought hundreds of times over. He felt afloat, unmoored, the way he had yesterday when the wave caught him by surprise and tossed him straight into Graves. His feet had left the earth and for a brief moment, he’d been weightless and ungoverned. 

One couldn’t live that way. If he could break such rigid principles at his convenience, what would be their worth?

He knew what he had to do. The scars on his hands seemed to hurt with a phantom pain.

“Credence?” Queenie asked presently. “Are you all right? You look pale.”

He took a large gulp of his coffee and tried not to wince at how hot it was. 

“I’m all right,” he said. “Thank you.”
 
That afternoon, after he had finished his work for the day, he went out to the gardens in search of Newt. He found him by the iris bushes, where he was kneeling in the dirt and sprinkling something into the flower beds. At Credence’s approach, he looked up and shaded his eyes against the sun. 

“Hello there.”

“What are you doing?” Credence asked. 

“Crushed eggshells,” Newt said by way of explanation. He indicated the pail at his elbow which, sure enough, was full of the stuff. “You sprinkle them in the soil, and it gets rid of the iris borers, which, unfortunately, are getting to be something of a pest lately. Want to help me?”

Credence rolled up his sleeves and knelt beside him. They worked in silence for a while, the sun pleasantly warm on his back. 

“What’s on your mind?” Newt asked at last. Credence looked at him, surprised. “You’ve seemed rather pensive lately, and usually you come out here to help me when you need some advice.”

Credence looked away, flushing. 

“I’m thinking about going back to my old school,” he said. 

Newt’s head snapped up. “I’m sorry?”

“Just for a little while. The schoolmistress is dying. I ought to be there to help them.” And I could use some time away from here, he added silently. 

“You’re sure?” Newt said. 

No. “Yes.”

“So…” Newt frowned as he sat back on his heels. “So what do you need advice for? It sounds as though your mind’s made up. Unless it’s not…?”

“No, it is!” Credence said hastily. “It’s just… I’m frightened. I’m afraid to look at her again. I don’t even know if I can be in the same house with her anymore.”

They sat in silence for a while. 

“You know,” Newt said at last. “The last time I saw my brother, he didn’t act like a hero. Or much of a credit to his country.”

Credence frowned at the non-sequitur. “What do you mean?”

“He was on leave. It was the last night before they were set to go back. He…” He pursed his lips. “He wasn’t taking it well. He’d been very quiet all day, which wasn’t like him at all, and then that night… well, I suppose the dam broke. God, but I’ll never forget the crying. He didn’t even sound human, it was like an injured animal. He kept saying, I don’t want to go back, I don’t want to go back. And Mr. Graves was clinging to him like he was going to take off if he didn’t. We must have been up half the night getting him calmed down.”

“And then?”

“And then the next morning they left,” he said simply. “Him and Mr. Graves. Uniforms on, all cleaned up, best foot forward. I never saw my brother again.” He huffed a soft laugh. “I’ve never told anybody that story before.” Silence. “The way I see it, it’s not really about how you feel. It’s about what you show them.”

Credence nodded to himself. 

“And I hope you know that no matter what happens,” Newt added, “you have a place to come back to, and friends who will always be very happy to see you.” 

Credence scattered another handful of eggshells into the soil to hide the tears that had just leaped into his eyes. 

“Thanks,” he muttered. Newt clapped his hand on his shoulder.

“Let’s get this done, shall we?” 
 
He found them all seated on the veranda an hour later. He was glad that Queenie and Tina were there too; he didn’t want to confront Graves on his own for fear that one of them might lose control again.

“Mr. Graves?” he asked gently, standing in the grass a few feet away. Graves looked up from the book in his lap. A myriad of emotions flickered across his face—delight, guilt, uncertainty, queasiness.

“Mr. Barebone,” he said. He closed the book and rose, went to steps of the veranda, and looked down at him. “What can I do for you?” 

For a moment, at the sight of him—his jacket off, his shirtsleeves rolled to his elbows—and his renewed proximity, Credence’s nerve failed him. Then he steeled himself. 

“I was hoping to take a leave of absence?” he said.

Graves blinked, but he didn’t seem entirely surprised.

Credence shifted. “Miss Barebone is ill, sir,” he said. “They fear the worst. I need to go back and—” He paused. 


And get you out of my system.


“And what?” asked Graves. “This is the same Miss Barebone who made your life hell every day for nine years before you were able to leave her? The one who gave you those scars?”

Credence put his hands behind his back and nodded. 

“Why ever would you go back to her? Even if she isn’t long for the mortal coil.”

“I owe it,” Credence said. “Not to her,” he added quickly as Graves opened his mouth to reply, “but to the others. They’ll need help.”

Graves nodded, more to himself than to Credence. “And how long do you anticipate being away?” 

“I’m not sure, sir. You can’t put a time on these things.”

“No indeed.” He hummed. “You’ll need money.” He reached into his pocket for his wallet. “Fifty, would you say?”

“Sir, that’s too much!” He’d spoken a little too loudly; he glanced at Queenie and Tina, but they were still engrossed in their own reading.

Graves frowned down at the bills he’d been counting out. “I suppose so,” he said. “I give you fifty, you might stay away for months. Here’s twenty.” He gave him the money. Credence studied the crisp bill in his hand. “What,” Graves said, something gently teasing in his tone, “is that not enough for you?”

“It’s plenty,” Credence said quickly. But he couldn’t resist adding, “Although you still owe me last month’s wages.”

“Then come back for them,” said Graves.

Credence looked askance, suppressing a smile. It was a rib of the sort he usually teased Credence with, but this time it seemed that there was a more sincere plea beneath it. 

“Well,” Graves continued. “Should I say goodbye now, or will you be staying for dinner?” 

“I’d hoped to catch the mail car this evening,” Credence said. “So…”

“I see.” He stepped closer and held out his hand. “Well. Goodbye.” His mouth twitched. “That’s how a proper farewell is performed, isn’t it? I’ll admit my experience is limited.” 

After the briefest hesitation, Credence shook his hand. His palm was a little rougher than expected but warm, and his grip was strong. 

“Goodbye, sir.”

Graves did not immediately relinquish his hand, and for a moment Credence was frightened that he might draw him in, or say something more, but then he let his hand go and said, “Don’t lengthen your stay on her account.”

“No.” 

A last look, and then Credence crossed the veranda and stepped inside the house again. Only when he was safely back inside did he look back. Graves was still standing where he’d left him, leaning on the veranda railing, his eyes on the spot of ground that Credence had just occupied. 

Credence went upstairs to pack before his urge to return to him and take it all back got the best of him.





Notes:

Comments fuel me. Please consider leaving one :')