Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Ron comes back to Hogwarts last. Teaching has never exactly been in his career plans. He wasn’t that good of a student, always too eager to rouse about with Harry and Hermione and skiv off schoolwork. He isn’t sure he is going to be that good of a professor, either, but he is tired of spinning his wheels.
He loves the shop, managing it and building it and seeing the looks on kids’ faces when a particular prank gets them all riled up. He loves owning it and having something to his name. He no longer feels like he has stepped into Fred’s shadow, taking over the shop with George after the war.
But something has to give. He has handled the location in Hogsmeade all on his own for the better part of two years, and though George tries to convince him otherwise, Ron doesn’t think he has it in him to start another branch from scratch. There is an itch beneath his skin. He feels like, some days, he might pop out of his own body, explode into hundreds of thousands of tiny specs of Ron Weasley and they’ll splatter all over the front room wall.
Sometimes, Ron thinks about packing a suitcase and getting the hell out of Dodge and never, ever looking back. But the problem is that he doesn’t know where he would go if he were to leave. He doesn’t really want to leave, either. He just wants… well, he isn’t sure what he wants.
All around him, people are moving on with their lives. They are getting married and having children and gallivanting across the globe like their tails are on fire. Not Ron. No, Ron is exactly the same place he was ten years ago when the wizarding world went belly up and the war, against all odds, finally ended. The only difference between now and then is that he hasn’t dated Hermione in over half a decade. He hasn’t lived at the Burrow for even longer.
Ron lives in the apartment above the Hogsmeade branch of the Weasleys’ Wizard Wheezes. He has lived there since the place opened, and he has seen many Hogwarts students pass through. Neville stops by occasionally, taking a break from his Herbology classes to talk about how he wants to ask Luna to settle down and marry him. Sometimes, when she is in town, Ginny stays over night, but she is hardly ever in one place with her career as a quidditch player taking from here to there.
Harry and Hermione visit, too. They’re old friends and nothing, not even a somewhat bitter break up, can pull them apart for too long. But they, too, are moving on with their lives. They’ve got marriages—Harry to Ginny and Hermione to Ron’s own brother, George—and they’re starting families, and Ron is happy for them. He is.
Except he isn’t. Not really. He isn’t where they are. He hasn’t slept in the same bed with another body in years. He has long since stopped dropping by the Three Broomsticks or the Hogshead for any other reason other than to get a nice drink after a long day of work. He is lonely, lonely in only the way a person can get when they have been alone in the world for far too long and nobody else they know is lonely themselves.
So it is hard to watch Harry and Hermione move on with their lives when Ron is stuck in place, like a feather suspended by a levitating charm.
Maybe that is why, when the old Order of the Phoenix crowd are all gathered at the Hogshead one rainy August evening, Ron takes Professor McGonagall up on her offer. Harry is teaching at school now, Defense Against the Dark Arts, and he has settled into his new post-Auror department life like a fish would settle in new water. Hermione is teaching there, too, at Professor McGonagall’s old post, Transfiguration, and Ron is tired of being alone.
 “I seem to recall you had quite the knack for Divination, Mr. Weasley,” says Professor McGonagall, after perhaps one too many firewhiskeys. She throws them back like a true pro. For a moment, Ron has trouble remembering her as his ex-professor. Professors don’t slur their words like drunk sailors. “Why don’t you take the position?”
Ron bellows out a laugh. Or maybe a hiccup. He should know by now that he shouldn’t try to drink Professor McGonagall under the table. Some faint part of him, the part that maybe still thinks of her as his ex-professor, thinks it is weird he is even in a situation to share a drink with her in the first place.
“Failed the O.W.L.s, didn’t I?”
“Pish,” says Professor McGonagall, waving off his statement like one might push aside an annoying gnat. “Examinations are often poor indicators of aptitude.”
She gets Aberforth’s attention to order another firewhiskey. Ron wonders if he can somehow ask Aberforth to switch her to water without getting transfigured into a frog or something. He decides not to try his luck. Professor McGonagall is deadly with a wand, intoxicated or not.
Across the table from him, Harry is grinning ear-to-ear in amusement at Ron’s predicament. Nobody likes a talkative, drunk Professor McGonagall—especially when she is scouring the Earth for a divination professor as she has been for the past few weeks. Harry had had the foresight to sneak in the door right in front of Ron and steal the only remaining seat out of Professor McGonagall’s reach.
Ron flips him the bird, hiding it behind his mug of butterbeer. Harry only lets out a jolly laugh and returns his attention to whatever sort of magical creature Luna is talking his ear off about next to him.
They are a good crowd, this old crew of mismatched witches and wizards. Half of Ron’s brothers are here, scattered around the tavern. Most of the remaining Hogwarts professors who had fought in the war are here, too. Stray members of the Order of the Phoenix are dotted here and there. Old Sturgis Podmore is stuck in the back with Hagrid and newly retired Professor Slughorn, and all three of them are singing off-key to some old bar song that Ron knows he won’t be able to get out of his head all day tomorrow, like usual after a bar night. Several of the old Dumbledore’s Army crew are dispersed around the crowd here, too. Dean and Seamus share an intimate table all to themselves. Even Cho Chang has showed up tonight, though she is drinking only pumpkin juice in the wake of her brilliant announcement.
They do this once a month, on the Friday after the half-moon. It started out years ago as a way to deal with the awful repercussions of the war. People needed shoulders to lean on, shoulders belonging to those for whom they bled and alongside whom they fought. They kept on coming, filling the Hogshead sometimes so full that Aberforth had to bring out extra chairs from the back and they all have to sit elbow-to-elbow around the tabletops.
“I seem to recall that, without your… affinity, Potter and Granger would have been doomed from the very beginning. Or are you forgetting that night in the castle, when Professor Dumbledore died and Death Eaters entered Hogwarts?”
Ron doesn’t necessarily make it a habit to remember everything that happened in the war or else he will go mad, but he thinks back to that dark night, staring at a blank wall and then nothing at all as blackness enveloped his vision. Peruvian Instant Darkness Powder, it had been. Ron had known it almost the instant it hit his senses. Growing up as the younger brother of Fred and George Weasley meant that he was often chosen as the guinea pig for their latest inventions. He recognized their signature magic, the flair in it that almost seemed to be laughing at him. It was like stepping into their old bedroom at the Burrow and taking a deep breath of the magic that permeated the air.
Almost immediately, maybe a fraction of a second after identifying their magic, Ron had been stuck with another realization that was just as stark and as real as the first: danger had come to Hogwarts like they feared, and it was right here with them, and Ron himself had urged Harry to take the whole vial of Felix Felicis with him, because if any of them needed it, it was Harry.
But as the realization became more of a sensation that seemed to trickle down Ron’s spine, leading straight to his feet, Ron didn’t need a single drop of luck to lead him and the others all the way out of the darkness. He just—he could see where he needed to set each footfall, even with his eyes blinded by the darkness.
Then suddenly, they were all out of the darkness and on the heels of the group of invading Death Eaters. They hadn’t been able to stop all of the Death Eaters. There were too many of them, but Ron had gotten a good spell off on Selwyn, and Ginny had gotten taken aim at Travers, and Neville, ever the Gryffindor, had gone straight for Bellatrix Lestrange.
It wasn’t much, their effort to stop the Death Eaters. They were, after all, merely five half-trained witches and wizards up against the darkest, most skilled Death Eaters Lord Voldemort had to offer. Bellatrix screamed at the force to keep going, that she would handle the pesky group of kids—that she would have fun with Longbottom—and the rest of the Death Eaters had disappeared through a magic-sealed door.
It wasn’t much, their effort, but Bellatrix Lestrange never made it to the Lightning-Struck Tower where Harry and Professor Dumbledore were already outnumbered by the Death Eaters. Later, long after the Felix Felicis had worn off Harry and Professor Dumbledore was dead and the Death Eaters had escaped, they had learned the truth.
It wasn’t much, their effort, but it was enough, for Bellatrix Lestrange had been on a one-witch mission that night: to take Hogwarts and everything it stood for.
By taking Hogwarts, it would have devastated the resistance against Lord Voldemort. It would have separated the growing student army. It would have destroyed the most important stronghold of the Order of the Phoenix. Most importantly, it would have ensured total control of the next generation of magic.
While eventually Hogwarts had seemingly fallen into Death Eater hands anyway when the next school year dawned, it was under Severus Snape, a double agent for Dumbledore, and not Bellatrix Lestrange, whose love for the Cruciatus Curse was greater than the Alecto siblings’ were combined.
So maybe Hogwarts had dodged a muggle bullet, if only be the skin of its teeth, but that didn’t mean that Ron had anything to do with it. He had merely been following his instincts. He hadn’t pulled out a tea cup and read the leaves at the bottom to find the way out of the darkness.
“I thought you didn’t think much of divination,” says Ron, ignoring, for a moment, the implication of Professor McGonagall’s words. He pushes aside thoughts of the war until they are all back where they belong, hidden away in the back of his mind where he isn’t as apt to drag them back out by happenstance. “I figured once Trelawney left, you’d get rid of the course altogether.”
Professor McGonagall shrugs. For such a firm, no-nonsense witch, it rolls off her shoulders rather well. Ron takes another drink of butterbeer in an attempt not to pick apart how odd it is, even after all of these years, that Professor McGonagall is closer to Minerva then, well, Professor McGonagall.
“There are those who do not think much of Transfiguration, either, and yet I made it my life’s work,” she answers, after a moment. The lines around her eyes draw a little tighter. “Sybill and I did not see eye-to-eye on the art of divination, but even I must admit the prudence of hanging onto the subject.”
Her gaze drifts over to Harry then where he is engrossed in whatever tale Luna is recounting. The scar on his forehead is ever visible beneath the fringe of his bangs. Even years after the war, over half of a decade since it last pained him, it is his defining feature. Ron isn’t naïve enough to think that Professor McGonagall is not acutely aware of exactly why Lord Voldemort had hunted down the Potters on that Halloween night so long ago. All of the old, important members of the Order of the Phoenix were afforded such insight at one point or another during the war.
She looks back at Ron after a couple of seconds and stops beating around the bush.
“What d’you say, Mr. Weasley, to taking the position?”
He doesn’t have an immediate answer for her, which catches him off guard. The question sobers him like a Morning-After potion. He runs his pointer finger along the top ring of his mug, collecting the condensation until it spills over the side and makes a jagged line down the outside of the glass, wondering why in Merlin’s name he hasn’t told her no yet.
Maybe the truth is that he knows exactly why the idea of coming back to Hogwarts, even to teach divination, a subject that he isn’t sure can be taught, is tempting. The shop is lonely. It is work that has become tedious and, over the years, maybe a little suffocating. He loves the shop, of course. He couldn’t imagine not doing it, not even if he were to take Professor McGonagall up on her offer, but he isn’t so satisfied anymore with the place he seems to be stuck in.
Besides, Harry is at Hogwarts. So is Hermione. That in and of itself is so tempting to halt an immediate negative answer, even though he knows it will not be the same. They won’t be living in Gryffindor Tower or sneaking through the corridors in the middle of the night. Hermione doesn’t even live at the castle. Most of the time, Harry doesn’t either.
Still, they would still see each other at meals, and they would still be in one place, something they haven’t been since the years after they graduated and lived together in Grimmauld Place. Ron misses those days. He misses the simplicity of them. He misses hearing about their days every evening at dinner. Now, he does well to owl them or catch Harry at the Burrow a couple of times a month.
Being Ron Weasley is a whole lonelier than he had ever imagined it would be, and maybe that is why he doesn’t shoot Professor McGonagall down like any proper wizard propositioned with the position of teaching divination should.  
“All right,” he says, and he watches with amusement as Professor McGonagall, a firm, no-nonsense witch who he has never seen flabbergasted, chokes on her next swig of firewhiskey. “I’ll take the job—but if you think for a minute that I won’t predict the death of at least one third year just for old time’s sake, you’re wrong.”
He throws back the rest of his butterbeer, wiping his mouth with the back of his hand when he’s done. He reaches into his pocket and digs out a handful of sickles that should cover his tab. He stuck mostly to butterbeer after a few rounds of firewhiskey, and Aberforth always did them a good deal on nights like this, when the taste of war was still bitter on the backs of everybody’s tongues.
“The term starts Monday, Professor Weasley,” says Professor McGonagall, once she has caught her breath again. Except for the splatter of firewhiskey down the front of her emerald robes, evidenced only by the darker splotches here and there, it is impossible to tell that Ron had bested her, if only for a moment. “Your quarters will be ready by tomorrow afternoon, should you require them.”
Ron nods once at her, hardly able to believe that he is anywhere near drunk enough to truly think this is a good idea. He is probably going to wake up hating himself tomorrow, but he doesn’t take back his acceptance. A tiny voice in the back of his mind whispers that he needs this. He needs a change of scenery, even if just for a year.
He bids Harry goodbye and then the rest of the room in general. He stumbles out of the Hog’s Head into the sweltering summer night. The alcohol sloshes around in his belly, and he sways as he walks in the general direction back to the shop. The streets are nearly dead around him. Patrons walk in and out of the Three Broomsticks, but one quick glance through the dingy window proves that it isn’t nearly as packed as the bar Ron had just left.
As he walks, he runs his hand alongside the walls of the business that line the main street. Magic buzzes in the air around him. He loves it here in Hogsmeade. He loves bar nights with the old gang. He loves the way that the alcohol makes him feel lighter than air. There is a lot to love about his life, but he doesn’t love the loneliness that has sank deep into his bones, so far down that he doubts anything will ever chase it away.
When he gets to the shop, he lets himself in through the back, locks up after himself, and climbs the stairs to his living quarters. They are nothing fancy. He has a kitchen with a wobbly table that seats two, a living area with an old hand-me-down sofa from Bill pushed up underneath the windows, and a door with a creaky hinge that leads back to his bedroom. It is far from the mansion he had dreamed of owning as a kid, but he would never know what to do with such empty space anyway.
He doesn’t bother flipping on any lights. The moonlight streaming in through his windows illuminate the main room enough for him to navigate around his pile of quidditch gear forgotten in the corner since last weekend’s pick-up game against George and Ginny at the Burrow. He barely kicks off his shoes before he crawls into his unmade bed, still dressed in his Magenta workrobes and smelling like firewhiskey from the bar.
He prays that he falls asleep before the overwhelming silence of his empty living quarters crush him.
 
He doesn’t.
 
He lays awake, drunk and melancholy, for most of the night.









Chapter 2



Notes:
...I totally did not intend for this to be a one chapter a year fic. I will do better in 2020, I promise. 

Life sucked the big one in 2019.





Chapter Text
Ron calls up George the next morning and lets him know the news. Out of all of the people that Ron could tell first, it has to be George. They have a joint-venture in the shop, after all, and Ron figures it isn’t very professional to take another job without telling his business partner. George has almost as much at stake in Ron’s employment as Ron himself does.
The fireplace is sooty. The floor of Ron’s flat is hard and unforgiving against his knees. It reminds him that he isn’t seventeen anymore, and his body isn’t as youthful as it once was. Getting older means accepting the fact that things that once didn’t bother him a bit hurt like hell now. It was a sad day, indeed, when Ron’s joints started aching at the end of a workday.
It is half-seven in the morning. George is in the kitchen, sipping on a cup of tea, with the Quibbler spread out in front of him. Hermione has come and gone already, no doubt, and George has another twenty minutes, at least, before he has to head to the main shop in Diagon Alley. Gone are the days when he and Hermione resided above the shop. Now, they have a nice little hamlet in the countryside, near the Burrow. Ron thinks they like it better there, especially George. The war is long gone to be sure, but the small flat above the store is still filled with memories of Fred.
“You got a minute?” asks Ron, though he already knows the answer.
George always has time for his siblings. He is only slightly less particular about that than Percy these days. Indeed, George folds up his paper and sets it aside then stands and strides over to the fireplace, crouching down to speak to Ron.
“The old crone wore ya down, did she?” asks George, grinning slyly in a manner that belies how he had expected Ron to call him up this morning. “What’d she do? Spike your butterbeer last night at the pub? Neville came ‘round day before yesterday and said he swore McGonagall was almost desperate enough to resort to such things.”
“So you’ve heard.”
George grins.
“Funniest news I’ve heard all week,” he says, and he chuckles a little, like he is reliving the news.
Ron opens his mouth to say something, but George loses it and bursts out laughing, like his resolve was a balloon and Ron’s reminder was the pin it needed to explode. George laughs so hard and so long that he has to clutch his side, and then, when that isn’t enough, he sinks to the nearby kitchen chair and collapses into it, tears streaming down his face.
“You’re a right git, you know that?” snaps Ron.
It does nothing to quell George’s laughter. It is almost like he has consumed entirely too much giggle water. He laughs and laughs, and Ron’s face burns hot with annoyance and embarrassment all mixed together.
Ten minutes pass. Ron considers pulling out of the fire at least thrice and wait for George to come crawling back and apologize—not that George ever would in such an overt manner. It isn’t his style. No, more likely George would pop by with some cover story that explained away his meekness, and that would be that.
Apologies were hard. They had always been for the twins—for all the Weasleys, really—and the only thing Fred’s passing did was make George quicker on the drawl to come up with an excuse to smooth things back over.
So, eventually, George’s laughter dries up. Fortunately, it is before Ron can actually go through with his silent threat and leave the conversation.
“So that’s that, huh?” George asks, like it is exactly that simple.
His eyes are still stained red from his tears of laughter. It is rare still these days, over a decade after the end of the war, for George to laugh so carelessly, so freely, and it is that reason and that reason only that Ron hasn’t called him a wanker and ended the fire call.
“I’ll still manage the store over here,” Ron assures him.
The smile drops from George’s face.
“No, that’s not what I meant.”
“But it is what I want to do. I can’t imagine not working at the store, you know? But—”
He stops. Because he can’t tell his brother exactly what had prodded him to take this job. Sure, Professor McGonagall had practically begged him to, but she had done so to about everybody else she had spoken with over the last few weeks. Apparently, it was rather difficult to convince someone to teach a bunch of rowdy school kids. Or maybe it was difficult to find someone who believed in divination enough to teach it. Ron wasn’t sure. He wasn’t even sure he believed in it enough, either.
But admitting to his brother, to George, that he was lonely, that he felt like everybody around him was moving on with their lives, and that he felt like he was exactly where he was ten years ago when the war ended, well, that was like admitting to Percy that he didn’t have his floo license up to date. It was failure, and it tasted like tar on the back of Ron’s throat, and he couldn’t admit out loud how lonely he was to the brother who had ended up married to the woman Ron had sworn he would marry one day.
Things didn’t work out between him and Hermione, and Ron is fine with that. He is. They parted ways as amicably as two lovers can, and their friendship picked up without missing a beat, but, sometimes, when Ron thinks about George and Hermione together, he gets a pang in his chest. It isn’t jealousy, he knows. It is loneliness, the reminder that the one safety net Ron had thought that he had had—however much had it existed or had not—was gone.
Now, Ron is on the path to becoming an old man with half of a dozen kneezles, and he has already contemplated cornering Charlie and asking him what he told their mother whenever she badgered him about finding someone and settling down with them. Except, Ron probably already knows the answer Charlie would give him: dragons.
Ron doesn’t have any dragons. All he has is the shop and the loneliness that had steadily crept into his bones. Neither one of those are satisfactory enough for his mother to stop asking after his love life—quite the opposite, really.
“I get it,” George says, knocking Ron out of his thoughts and reminding him how hard the stone floor was on his knees.
Really, he should put a mat or something in front of his fireplace. He isn’t as young as he once was, and he is terrible with remembering to cast cushioning charms.
“A change of scenery might be nice. Don’t worry too much about the shop. It’s been going long enough, it’ll survive a few hours a day without you.”
Ron thinks about saying thanks but doesn’t. That isn’t how his and George’s relationship works. It never has been, even way back when they were children and the twins had Ron’s back whenever someone other than them was mean to him. Fred isn’t here anymore, but George still has Ron’s back, even when Ron himself can’t voice exactly what it is that he needs George to protect him from—even when Ron hadn’t realized himself that he needed protecting.
Big brothers will always be big brothers.
“I’ll see you for lunch at Mum and Dad’s next week, right?”
Ron smiles.
“Like clockwork.”
Then he pulls out of the fireplace, and he feels, sitting on his knees in the middle of his living area, a million times lighter than he had before he had broken the news to George. He doesn’t know why that was. He knew George would understand. George, out of all of their siblings, understood what it is like to feel completely and totally alone all of the time.
But maybe it was hearing it out loud, George’s approval, that Ron had so desperately needed, that Ron had unconsciously held his breath for. Maybe that is what he needed this whole time.
As Ron stands up and stretches out his aching limbs, he looks around his living area, at the tiny kitchen and matching lounge, and he can’t help but see all of the empty places that another person would naturally feel.
He had left a dirty mug from his morning tea, and it sets alone atop the counter next to the sink ready to be hand washed or magicked clean. Only the shoes he had worn to work the previous day stood beside of the door. Only his photographs lined the walls, and Ron took particular notice of the picture that had been taken at Ginny’s birthday party a few weeks ago, and everybody had someone, except Ron—even Charlie with his tiny baby dragon.
Ron sighs. He turns away from the photograph, because he doesn’t want to see how lonely he is. He feels it in his heart, in his bones, and that is enough of a reminder for him. He heads to the sink to wash up his mug and tries not to notice how loud his footsteps are in the empty room.
 
Ron owls his parents later that day and informs them of his new job. He does the same with Harry, because he figures his best friend deserves the heads-up. They write back almost immediately, offering him congratulations. Neither his mother nor Harry even question why Ron decided to take Professor McGonagall up on teaching Divination, though they all know how little credibility Ron gives the subject.
The truth is they were probably as surprised as George was at the news.
It is a good thing that they didn’t ask why, too, because Ron isn’t sure what he would say—whether he would tell them the truth about the crushing monster of loneliness that lives in his chest or whether he would lie and say he thought he would help Professor McGonagall out, so near to the start of the term, and it would be a good laugh anyway.
 
Monday morning finds Ron strolling up to Hogwarts on the old path he and Hermione and Harry used to take back and forth on Hogsmeade weekends. He probably could have floo’ed there, but there is something nostalgic about walking to Hogwarts like he used to do back when he was a student here that he can’t pass up.
Also, he may be a little more nervous than he had anticipated he would be, returning to Hogwarts as a professor.
He turns to the curve of the path to get his first sight of Hogwarts and finds Hermione waiting on him, seated as she is atop the stone fence that follows the path. She jumps down from it the moment she sees him, and her face is all smiles, and Ron appreciates again how beautiful of a woman she is with her long, bushy brown hair and her warm brown eyes and the aura that rolls off her that screams intelligence. Or, maybe, Ron just imagines the last part, because he knows that Hermione is all brains, and there’s nobody smarter than she.
She crushes him in a hug. He automatically hugs her back, like it is written in the code of who he is that he has to give into Hermione. He hasn’t dated her in over five years, and he has stood back and watched her fall in love with his brother, encouraged them, even, but she is still one of the two best friends Ron has ever had, so he still loves her like he did when they were school kids.
“George told me the news,” she says, rushed into his ear. “I’m so happy that you decided to take the job.”
She steps back, and she is smiling, and Ron smiles despite himself and his nerves and his general opinion of the subject that he will be teaching.
“You think less of Divination than I do.”
Hermione laughs.
“I can still be happy for you,” she says. Then the laugh drop from her voice. Her expression grows serious, the corners of her lips downturned and her eyes unusually wide. “Besides, I lived through Malfoy Manor.”
Ice cold fear seizes at Ron’s heart. The memory of the ordeal at Malfoy Manor, where they had been taken by Snatchers during the war when they had been too slow in the run from capture, doesn’t immediately come to Ron’s mind. He has spent entirely too much time since that awful, horrible, terrible night forcing that memory out of his brain—so much time, in fact, that he had had to dull it by depositing it into Harry’s pensieve, so the memory really isn’t his to recall anymore.
But the fear still is—how it intensified when Hermione was separated from them and he and Harry were thrown into the dungeon beneath the manor. How the sound of screams in a darkened night, even when they are drunken as people stumble away from the Three Broomsticks, are enough to have Ron breaking out in a cold sweat. How the crack of a house elf still manages to bring a surge of hope rushing through Ron’s body.
The only thing left of that night other than fear is how it had been Ron’s intuition to search out the dark, dank cellar in the hopes that someone, anyone were still alive down there—and alive, they were.
Ron shakes off the memory of that place and the war and tries not to see all the new stones that haven’t yet weathered into old on the fence that lines the path to the castle. Maybe returning here to the ghost of the war isn’t such a good idea. But Harry did it, and so did Hermione, and Ron reckons he can, too.
There isn’t much that Ron has every let his friends out do him on.
So Ron offers Hermione a smile with a shrug. She sees through him like he were made of glass, but she is a good friend. She changes the subject.
“We’ve all been paired, the staff has, to help transition the students into the new year. You missed all of the preterm meetings—”
“For a good reason. I wasn’t even hired yet!”
“Of course, but, as I was saying, you didn’t miss much. There is a staff meeting this afternoon before the feast, and classes start bright and early tomorrow morning. Has Minerva provided you your timetable yet?”
Minerva, repeats Ron in his head. His mind is whirling. The whole world has shifted on its axis. He realizes, more than he had the other night in the pub or yesterday when he had floo called George, that Professor McGonagall is officially less of Professor McGonagall and more of Minerva. It is strange.
Or maybe the whole situation itself is strange. Ron doesn’t know what he is doing here, facing a whole year of teaching students divination. He was worst student himself, slacking off and breaking rules with Harry and Hermione. He doesn’t know how he is going to convince a bunch of third years that the future is really already there, every choice they are going to make, and they can see it, if only they open their mind’s eyes to it.
Ron isn’t even sure he believes it himself. Not entirely. Or else he would have to accept the fact that Fred’s death was inevitable. That there isn’t an universe out there where he survived the war to live to be gray and old and be the one helping George push the shop to bigger and better heights.
It has been many years since Ron has felt bitter and confused about Fred’s death. Time has a way of healing even the deepest of wounds, and Ron has done a good job at putting all the old wartime memories into a locked box in his head and never, ever touching them. Except. Ever since he took this job, he has been dragging more and more painful memories out of that box.
“Er, no,” says Ron, answering Hermione’s question so that he has something to do with his attention instead of dwell upon the heartache of the past. “But I’m sure she will. It’s not like I’ve got a load like you. I’m only teaching thirds and above—and only the ones who want to take my class, at that.”
Hermione offers Ron a wry smile.
“I have a feeling the interest in divination is going to skyrocket. It’s not every day that someone on a chocolate frog card teaches at Hogwarts, now is it?”
“What? You and Harry don’t count? Or Dumbledore, for that matter?”
“We’re old news,” answers Hermione, but she is grinning genuinely, teasingly, this time. “I think it’s going to be a good year. I can feel it.”
Standing there with her, at the foot of the path that leads up to Hogwarts castle, Ron can feel it in the air, the hope. It twists around them like a gentle breeze, though the wind itself is calm. It settles into Ron’s skin, soaking into it until he can feel the hope stirring in his lonely heart. He thinks maybe she is right.
Maybe this will be a good year—maybe it’ll even be the best year Ron has ever had at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry.
 
Harry is waiting on them in the staffroom with a cup of tea and Neville Longbottom for company. Ron has do a double take when he enters, because the first time he could have sworn it was Remus Lupin himself sitting in Harry’s chair. Harry looks nothing like Remus, of course, but, in the years since Harry has gotten older and settled into life post-Auror, he has picked up more than one of their old professor’s habits. Such included Harry’s favoring of sweater vests.
It is the beginning of September, so the weather outside is still rather warm, but Hogwarts is a castle. Admittedly, it is a magical castle, but even all of the magic in the world cannot overcome the simple fact that castles—especially those as old as Hogwarts—are drafty. Ron can’t really blame Harry for his attire. Ron himself wishes he would have thought to have grabbed a cloak before he left his flat this morning.
“Heard old Minerva finally wore you down,” greets Neville, grinning at Ron.
He sees them first, facing the door as he is. He looks hardly anything like the small eleven-year-old boy from all those years ago who couldn’t hold onto his toad. He has grown into himself, as much as they all have, and the years since the war have been kind to him—kinder than they have been to Ron.
“Have you ever told her no?” asks Ron.
He sinks into the seat beside of Harry, and Harry offers him a quiet hello. Hermione sits next to Neville. She summons a cup of tea from the front corner of the staffroom. It makes itself to her liking as it floats over. Ron really needs to learn that spell.
“Once,” says Neville, laughing, “so I am already off to a better start than you or Harry.”
“I have learned how to pick my battles,” says Harry, mock-indignantly, but there is a trace of a laugh on his face. “Minerva can be rather persuasive.”
He looks younger, sitting here in the staffroom, than he ever had working as an Auror. He had done good work there, in the department, and he probably could have lead the place one day down the road. But Harry had done his share of fighting—a reality he forced himself to accept a couple of years back when a raid gone wrong had landed him on his death bed at St. Mungo’s. It had taken the best healers Britain had to offer to bring Harry back to the land of the living, and that itself had taken weeks to achieve.
Faced with the mortality of being an Auror, Harry had reevaluated his priorities in life, and not dying young—especially when he had survived the killing curse twice over—had been at the top of his list. Settling down and marrying Ginny had been a very close second. So when Professor McGonagall had approached him on a whim to take over the Defense Against the Dark Arts position after Professor Fawley had decided to go into retirement after his short sting in position following the war. Harry, unlike Ron, had immediately agreed to Professor McGonagall’s request.
“Neville here was just talking about how he has bought a ring,” says Harry, a beat later, to change the subject. He grins at Neville’s reddening cheeks. The tables have turned. “Says Luna is supposed to get back from Prague in a few days.”
“That’s wonderful!” says Hermione, smiling for a totally different reason than Harry. It is less teasing and eons much more sincere.
“Yeah,” says Neville, shaking his head. He had an air of nervousness about him. “I—I want it to be perfect.”
“It will be.”
“But what if it isn’t?”
“It’ll go better than mine did. George knocked over an entire stand of fireworks, nearly burnt down my parents’ house, and broke his nose. And I married him anyway.”
Ron laughs at the memory. It no longer hurts like it did back then, when George had walked around for a week with tape over his healing nose. Ron hadn’t been in love with Hermione for years by that time, but it had stung, watching his brother live the dream Ron had always thought he would have. But George made Hermione happy in all of the ways Ron had ever wanted her to be, and nobody had managed to make George smile like she did after Fred’s death.
Still, Ron’s heart aches. He isn’t sure if it is the ghost of the pain he had felt when he watched Hermione marry George or if it the fact that Neville has found the woman of his dreams and is going to soon make good on his promise of marrying her one day.
Or maybe it is more likely that his heart lurches at the idea that all around him people are falling in love and getting married, and Ron himself is nowhere nearer marriage than he is to figuring out the correct missing ingredient to perfect the shop’s new prank chocolate that turns to butterscotch in a person’s mouth. The loneliness inside of his chest expands a little bit more, pressing in against his lungs, and the next few breaths are harder to draw in.
Here he is, surrounded by friends, by the people whom he fought with and bled for, and he might as well be anywhere else in the entire world—somewhere in the ocean, maybe, on a small raft at the mercy of the currents and nobody to save him.
Around him, the conversation moves forward, but Ron is lost to his own thoughts. He vaguely notices the passing of time, marked only by the way the staff room gets fuller and fuller as the impending meeting draws nearer. Some faces he recognizes. Professors Vector and Sinistra are still here, though they are both nearing retirement and look appropriately older than Ron remembers them from his school days. Others, he doesn’t recognize as easily.
When Professor McGonagall enters the staff room a few minutes later, there is only one empty seat left. It is the one right next to Ron. Ron does a mental calculation of the staff as Professor McGonagall goes over the beginning of the year itinerary. It is a fruitless endeavor, though. He doesn’t know all of them, so he isn’t sure which position they teach, and he can’t figure out who is missing.
“Let me officially welcome out new staff members,” says Professor McGonagall, and Ron’s attention immediately snaps to her. She is already smiling warmly at him, gesturing at him with her hand. “Mr. Ronald Weasley has so graciously agreed to accept the Divination post.”
There is a round of applause, and a rush of congratulations mixed in with welcomes, and Ron does his best to grin and bear it. He probably looks more like he is sucking on a lemon, or so he figures by the way that Hermione’s foot knocks against his. He tries to relax under all of the attention. It is difficult with as high-strung as he feels with all eyes on him, because he can practically see the questioning glint in everyone’s gaze.  

Who the in their right mind would take the Divination position?

He does his best to ignore the unspoken questions, because he doesn’t have more of an answer for them than he has for himself. All he knows is that he needed to get away from the cycle of crushing loneliness his life in the shop had devolved into.
After a long span of minutes, Professor McGonagall moves on to welcome another new member of the staff—Ron misses the name—and Ron finally draws in an easy breath. He may have grown up envious of all of the attention Harry had gotten, but, over the years, he had begun to resent attention himself. He slouches in his chair, hoping his face doesn’t look as blood red as it feels. He curses his Weasley genes.
Harry knocks his elbow against Ron, ever the good best friend he is. Ron looks over to meet his eyes, and Harry offers him a genuine smile, not like the one Ron had put on for the crowd only a few seconds ago.
“Really glad you’re here, mate,” mutters Harry, daring to speak while Professor McGonagall is talking. “You, me, and Hermione back at Hogwarts? This year is gonna be great.”
It is what Hermione had said, too. A part of Ron agrees with him. It had been odd to hear Hogwarts stories from Harry and Hermione over the past few years. They were off enjoying the adventures only Hogwarts could offer. Ron hadn’t ever thought about returning himself. He was in Hogsmeade, which was as close as he ever believed he would be to his old, beloved school again, and he saw Harry and Hermione often enough that he didn’t feel left out as they shared more of their lives together. It was just one of those things about growing up.
But there is a certain charm about being back at Hogwarts with Harry and Hermione and knowing that he is going to be a part of their stories of the castle once again. Sure, his office is nowhere near theirs, but they will still share meals and meetings and free periods. Being here with them, in the same place once again, he can ignore the crushing weight of loneliness that sets heavily on his heart.
“Sorry I’m late, professor,” says a voice from the past, as the door to the staff room flies open.
In it stands a disheveled form of Ron’s worst nightmare, covered in what looks to be the aftermath of a potion-gone-wrong, given the sickly green color staining the wizard’s once-pristine black robes. The nightmare stumbles over into the only empty seat in the staff room, the one right beside of Ron. He smells like smoke and acid. The hem of his sleeves are jaggedly burnt.
“Had a little incident,” he explains, shortly, though the state of his dress makes his statement redundant.
He flashes Professor McGonagall what is probably an apologetic smile but to Ron looks so out of place it can’t be. There isn’t a remorseful bone in the wizard’s body.
“Are any of the dungeons standing?” asks Professor McGonagall, mildly, like she is neither upset nor surprised at the turn of events.
Confusion spreads across Ron’s body, like a spell that has gone out of control.
“Damage was contained to my personal office.”
The hint of an impossible smile tugs at the corners of Professor McGonagall’s stern lips. She nods in acknowledgement then returns to her interrupted speech like the devil himself hadn’t stormed through the door looking like he had blown up hell.
Ron stares unabashed at the wizard next to him, his mind sluggishly putting the pieces of everything together, as the wizard turns his steel gray eyes on him.
“Interesting seeing you here, Weasel.”