Chapter 1





Chapter Text
August was blistering hot, the sun shone unhindered by clouds in a sky so blue it was almost painful to look at; insulting and offensive. The back of James Potter's neck burned as sweat beaded along his hairline and he trudged down the cobbled side street with Sirius beside him, seeming just as pleased with the outing as James. Though he couldn't imagine the entirely black outfit Sirius chose to wear was helping him any. Looking edgy for the sake of edginess was one thing, but if he had to sacrifice his comfort, then what was the point?
"I look good in black, and I'm willing to suffer," is what Sirius had told Remus with a defiant gleam to his eyes, and the only thing Remus had to offer in return was a blank stare before shaking his head slightly.
James was not as willing as Sirius. He opted for muggle undercover clothing that would best keep him from heat stroke, jeans and a plain short sleeved t-shirt. His hair was a mess already from a mix of sweat and running his hands through it while they walked.The little village seemed to be plucked out of an older time and dropped somewhere in the middle of dead nowhere. They were miles from any sort of city, there were no buses, only one small grocery store, and it was so empty it seemed like a ghost town slotted into the countryside just to take up space so it wouldn't look as empty on a map.Which was ridiculous, because earlier when James looked at the map, he hadn't even found this stupid town. Or was it even big enough to be a town? James didn't know and was too hot to care. He had a lot on his mind after all; always did these days.It was nearing a full year since he became a single father, a widower. Almost a year since the Dark Lord had disappeared, since he broke into their cottage in Godric's Hollow intent on murder. James still wondered how he managed to survive it, when he had no wand, when he was certain he heard the Dark Lord hiss out a killing curse. One that hit him in the chest. He should have died. He wished he were dead.He recalled the pain, the drowsy confusion when he came to with a hand cradling the back of his head, a voice choking from somewhere above him. He remembered peering up into steel grey eyes, and somehow his first thought was that... he was there; but it was Sirius hovering over him, awkwardly slumped over the stairs where James was lying, his grey eyes watery as he held James and repeated over and over that it would be okay.James didn't know what had happened at first. He was too out of it from the curse to remember, until he woke up a week later at St Mungo's. People were still celebrating. Remus was there with Sirius, who was holding Harry. Both looked miserable as they sat on either side of the hospital cot where James was confined. It took a while longer to regain all his memories, and when he did, when he asked about Lily, when his friends didn't look at him, he knew... he knew..."Please hit me," Sirius had begged James as soon as he was well enough to stand. "Hit me. Punch me. Hate me. Please. It's my fault."James didn't hate him though. The agony he felt at the loss of his wife was consuming, but getting angry at his friends, what good would that have done? Of course he was angry, he just didn't take it out on Sirius. He'd seen him after all, when he was barely conscious lying on the stairs with his best friend leaning over him and sobbing. What more punishment did Sirius deserve?Harry was two now, there was only a few more months till Halloween and the first anniversary of Lily's death, and the disappearance of Voldemort. The initial celebration was short lived before Dumbledore had appeared with a warning, that although his body had been destroyed, Voldemort was still out there somewhere.The war was over, but how long would the peace last?It was why they were trudging hopelessly through the backstreets of a British village neither had known existed before that morning, when Dumbledore had summoned them both. They'd left Harry with Remus, who didn't seem to envy his friends at all as they bemoaned the situation and disapparated away.James had only one theory. They were about to crack down on a former Death Eater ring hiding in the country. The Ministry had been hunting them down for months now, but had so far only managed to catch a handful, while more had managed to escape conviction with the claim that they were under the Imperius Curse. Why the council believed Malfoy, James could never guess. He probably threatened them or something."I swear if this so called mission turns bust, I'm never trusting that old twat again," Sirius spat out, never one to keep his thoughts to himself for too long, and though James silently agreed, he was too hot to speak it."Ah, and you've arrived," a voice said from the left, and they both turned to look down a side path cutting between two buildings, where Albus Dumbledore stood conspicuously."Yea, we're here," Sirius panted against the heat. "So what do you want?""Your aid.""Because we didn't give enough of that already?""Sirius," James drew his friends name out slow and deliberate with undertone warning, because Remus wasn't there to keep him from snapping so James would have to instead (and because it was becoming habit to use that dad voice on everyone)."Yes, I knew you would have reservations, Mr. Black, but if there had been anyone else I could have called, I would have." He moved from the alley to stand with the younger men. "The fact of the matter, you and Mr. Potter are the only ones who may well help me accomplish what I came here to do.""What for?" Sirius asked. "After what happened, James needs rest, he needs to look after Harry, you can't just drag him back-.""Sirius I'm fine, how many times do I have to tell you?" James snapped. "If Dumbledore needs help..."He didn't finish, because while he had enough respect for the old wizard to offer his help, he could understand Sirius' resentment, and it honestly worried him. Sirius blamed himself for Lily, he blamed Dumbledore for Lily, and Sirius had never been afraid to snarl at even the strongest of wizards. It had gotten him in trouble many times in the past, and should Dumbledore decide he was done with the rebellion, it wouldn't take much to get rid of Sirius.James couldn't let that happen. He'd lost so much already, he wouldn't be able to bear losing Sirius. No one else, he swore silently, nudging his friend to the side with his shoulder and stepping in front of him."What did you need our help with?"It wasn't loyalty and trust that had him so willingly stepping up. It was respect, it was fear, it was stubborn Gryffindor bravery and recklessness. At least he had a wand this time."Come." Dumbledore gave a soft smile that settled James' nerves before turning and striding down the street.James looked over his shoulder to make sure Sirius would follow, though he shouldn't have worried. Sirius had been stuck to him like glue for months now."It has taken me a very long time to find this ally," Dumbledore explained as he lead the two wizards from the main bustle of the thin crowd, down a side road towards the edge of the village where a stretch of trees spread out. "He hid himself very well, I must commend him on that. The protection spells were so thick I barely noticed, and I can't imagine he walks around in public very often.""Who is this ally and why do we need them?" Sirius asked, scratching at his neck where a bead of sweat had itched its way down his skin and glancing around as they were led down the sidewalk."Ah, my dear Mr. Black... this boy has information that could well lead us to the Dark Lord.""He's bloody gone, what-""I have said before not to get too comfortable with that belief," Dumbledore interrupted, "His body has been vanquished, but his spirit, whatever is left of it, has fled. Make no mistake, he will return in time, and if we are to defeat him indefinitely, we must be prepared for it.""How are we supposed to do that?" James asked, "You talk like he's immortal or something. How do we kill something that can't be killed?""It's not so cut and dry, I'm afraid," Dumbledore cast a quick look at James. "Yet isn't it quite so? However do you think? You make it killable, Mr. Potter.""And how might one go about making something unkillable killable again?""Why, you figure out what made him unkillable in the first place, and you reverse it."He'd stopped, finally, in front of a closed gate. James hadn't even seen the fence before, but now he was right in front of it, he marveled how it could have escaped his notice in the first place. A stone wall like a cairn had been built around a yard of emerald grass and flourishing bushes and trees that dotted around a small, single floor cottage made of stone, a silent chimney poking out of the roof.It was actually very beautiful, with climbing ivy spider webbed along the cottage walls, the glass windows foggy from age or maybe dirt. The gate in front of them was closed and locked, high enough to reach his thigh, and when James reached out to touch the top, he quickly retracted his hand at the sharp burn through his finger tips.The entire area was heavily warded with protective charms and spells, James could feel the advanced and complicated weaving of magic that covered the cottage and the yard. Whoever had enchanted the place was extremely powerful."Lovely, isn't it?" Dumbledore stood there with appreciative eyes on the cottage. "Stunning really, that he was able to find such a place and work protection around it that not even I could detect. I dare say it may be the safest place in Britain, aside from Hogwarts perhaps.""How did you find it?" Sirius asked, leaning down and opening the mailbox sitting atop the cairn beside the gate; empty of course, with no name or house number on the side. Clearly whoever lived here wasn't expecting mail."By chance? Or perhaps luck? Maybe I'm just that good?"Sirius scowled as he shut the mailbox and stood up, exchanging a look with James, who was grinning in amusement. Just another secret Dumbledore wasn't willing to give up it seemed.He brandished his wand into his hand and tapped the top of the fence three times in succession. There was a click from the other side as the enchanted lock disengaged, creaking open slowly, almost politely allowing them entrance. The three of them stepped into the yard, and the gate closed and locked behind them.James turned to look back at it. Even though the fence wasn't exactly high, he suddenly felt like he was in a box. The protective weave of magic sat heavy over his head, and even as people passed by, some glancing towards the cottage, they didn't seem to notice anything. It was like he was under his invisibility cloak, but larger, and far more powerful.He supposed he should have felt anxious, but the magic around him didn't feel oppressive or dangerous at all. In fact, it was warm. Not hot like the sun, like the blistering August that had his bangs plastered to his forehead, but tender like a heartbeat.When Dumbledore reached the door, thick wood carved with curls and Celtic knot work, runes seared into the door frame, he tapped out another set against it with the tip of his wand. This time he had wand to wood nine times and seemed to be in a specific design. There was a low click, and Dumbledore stepped back."Mr. Black, if you may.""Me?" Sirius stared at him suspiciously. "What for? Is this a trap?""No I can't imagine. You're simply the only one who can touch the door with flesh.""Why?""I suppose we'll see, once the door has been opened.""You can't do it?""I'm afraid not," Dumbledore didn't appear too upset by that. "I managed to find this place and discover the counter spell to let us through the enchantments by watching and observing, but the one thing I cannot undo is the magic weaved into the very heart of this house. It is ancient, and cannot be undone by conventional means.""I'm unconventional you mean.""Why yes, I thought that obvious."James snorted and Sirius glared at him before looking at the door, reaching out and letting his hand hover over the doorknob before glancing again at James."If I start screaming, get the hell out of here."James frowned. "Well I won't, but feel free to think I will, if only for your peace of mind."Sirius rolled his eyes and inhaled deep, grabbing the doorknob fiercely and turning it, pushing the door forward. That was that, not even a creak sounded from the hinges as it opened, and the three of them crept cautiously inside with their wands in their hands.Sirius shut the door once they were inside, and James stood there taking in the interior with a slow sweep of his eyes. The enchantments were even heavier here, the room was a pleasant cool to rival the weather outside. It was eerily silent, aside from the rhythmic ticking and tocking of clocks that hung on the walls around them. James felt like he'd walked into a different world.There were bunches of herbs, flowers, and other strange looking dried things hanging on the ceiling by twine, the fireplace off to the left was dead, but there was wood sitting patiently to the side in the event of a cold night. The furniture was old and Victorian, the colors deep and dark red, purple, and green. There were no pictures, no personal effects, not even a folded newspaper or a half finished cup of coffee.To the right was a set of closed wooden double doors, in front of them was a wall that must separate the rest of the house from the kitchen. Two more doors must have lead to the bathroom and bedroom respectively. It seemed a bit bigger on the inside than James had guessed, suggesting a well managed extension charm that had been perfectly cast.The inside of the house had a warm, inviting atmosphere, shelves lining each wall were filled with books, it was so impossibly neat and comfortable. James, for all his caution, started to lower his wand, because he felt inexplicably safe."Don't lose your nerve yet," Dumbledore warned, wandering towards the double doors. "Search around, but don't touch anything. Mr. Potter, the kitchen if you would?""Yea," he strode across the room, footsteps muffled by carpet, and heard Dumbledore direct Sirius to one of the other doors.The kitchen was much like the entry. Pristine, with rather muted colors, eggshell and white and bits of black and grey. There was a small rounded table sitting in the middle with four matching chairs around it, and a door that must have lead to the yard and into the woods that backed the cottage. A diamond shaped window filled with stained glass was set into the top half of the door.There were no dishes in the sink, the room appeared empty, but James went about his search, looking into cabinets to find sets of plates and cups, silverware in the drawers, food and drink in the fridge. He'd just pulled down a tin, setting his wand on the counter so he could grab hold, and turned it around in his hand before popping off the lid.The pleasant scent of herbs filled the air, and somehow it washed a wave of nostalgia through him, making him stare dizzily at the counter. What was that smell? Why was it so familiar? It yanked at a string in his mind, something he wasn't sure he wanted to pull at, before a voice rose from his memories.
"The tea is not bland, Potter. If anything is, it would be your nasty personality."

"You should give it a try sometime."
The scent became heavier as the tea was shoved into his face. "As should you."He slowly set the tin down, brow furrowed, and picked his wand up instead. James didn't know how he noticed, because not a sound had been made since he'd come into the kitchen, but surviving the Dark Lord had given him an intense paranoia, a sixth sense. Someone was in the room with him. It could have been Sirius, but wouldn't he have spoken up?James spun fast with his wand brandished and drew a spell into the air as he shouted: "Stupefy!"
"Finite Incantatem."
The rebuttal was merely uttered, and the flash from James' spell burst into nothing, leaving him staring down the top of his wand towards a young man standing at the open back door. James felt petrified in shock, eyes wide, and he suddenly remembered why that tea smelt so familiar.He looked different, but exactly the same as James remembered. He had the same line of his jaw and slope of his nose, more slender than his brother's but still distinctly a shared familial attribute. His skin was pale, maybe too pale, and his eyes were like melted silver. They glinted, filled with suspicion and, if possible, inconvenience. His black hair must have grown, out of his control, collected and pushed up to the back of his head, tied there with strands hanging in his face and held up by ties and silver hair sticks. Maybe he couldn't have been bothered to shorten it, maybe he didn't want to.His clothes were all black, cloak still around his shoulders, wand pointed at James, piercing eyes sweeping over him as James merely stood in a state of shock, unable to move even a muscle as the younger man slowly shut the door. James noted the tiny twigs and leaves stuck in his hair and caught on his robes, he must have been in the forest till now.Was... this cottage, was it his? 
How?
"Ho-... wh... R-Reg?"Regulus Black. It had to be. He looked just like him. Maybe a bit older, maybe his eyes a bit more haunted, but it was him. He looked too much like Sirius for it to be coincidental, yet not at all like his brother at all. It had always been like that.Sirius had a kind of look that was always a little unkempt and rugged, always a little dirty even if he'd bathed. He was rough and sloppily cut corners, grunge and frayed edges.Regulus, though, had a kind of elegant edge that must have come from how he was raised, to hold himself like that. He was cold and glass and pride, and he was staring at James like he was a mild inconvenience."Reg...," he whispered again, only seconds had passed that felt like eternity of staring, trying to take in everything about the younger Black. "How... how... you were dead... I thought..."Regulus was lowering his wand. "How did you find me?""I... didn't, I didn't, we didn't, Dumble-""James!"The moment broke, Regulus lifted his wand again as his brother ran into the kitchen with his wand up and a curse on his lips, jerking to a halt when his eyes found Regulus at the door, mouth dropping open. Regulus stared back, it was impossible to read his face, but he was lowering his wand again. Not wanting to fight.Maybe it was because James had trained his eye to catch these things now, but Regulus looked tired. There were bags under his eyes, and the frown looked like an uneven crack through marble. Something about this, something about Regulus, didn't feel right. He looked stable and unaffected, but there was something in his eyes, something he'd seen in his own reflection, buried so deep under "I'm fine", "I'm tired". He looked at Sirius and James saw a star glint in his silver eyes that begged to break down then and there.Instead, they steeled like cold stone and grew unbelievably hard as his hand curled tighter around his wand and lifted it towards Sirius. James panicked, until he realized Regulus wasn't aiming at Sirius, but at Dumbledore, who was moving around Sirius to enter the kitchen."You," he spat, and James could hear the echo of Black prejudice as Dumbledore merely smiled; it seemed to make Regulus angrier."Found at last after being lost so long," Dumbledore greeted, and Regulus scoffed."Who ever said I was lost? Get out.""Forgive me, but is it not Black etiquette to offer tea and biscuits to your guests?" Dumbledore ambled into the kitchen and took a seat at the round table, and Regulus seemed to seethe on the spot, white hot anger in his eyes, though the rest of his face remained neutral."Perhaps you're in shock, it has been a while since you've seen your brother, and I imagine you've been through quite a trauma," Dumbledore waved a hand and the seat across from him slid out towards Regulus. "Why not take a seat with me? I imagine Mr. Potter here wouldn't mind making some tea?""What?" James asked, and Sirius finally broke from his staring at Regulus."What?""Would you like to make the tea instead-?""Fuck the tea!" Sirius yelled. "What the hell is going on?!""I did tell you, didn't I? That I needed your help?" Dumbledore lifted his hands to motion at Regulus. "I needed the help to convince young Regulus into joining us as our ally."Sirius looked fifty shades of red and white as the corner of Regulus' lips curled horrifically. "Get. Out. I will not work with you. I will not be another of your pawns, put out there to die for you just like...," he trailed off, his eyes flickered to James for half an instant, and James tensed up."My dear boy... am I not being clear?" Dumbledore asked it softly, gently, like he was talking to a toddler. "You know what has happened, you surely must have sensed it? He is gone. You've no need to hide.""Who said I was hiding?""What is it you believe you are doing then, Regulus?"Regulus didn't answer, but he definitely had an answer to give. He chose not to speak, but James wanted to know what he was thinking too. Sirius probably did as well. Though he was certain what his friend would say, was certain he wanted to start yelling and cursing and spitting. For all they had known, Regulus had died. He'd gone missing and never turned back up, just fading off the face of the planet entirely, and no one knew what happened.Dead. Sirius ranted for weeks at the slightest mention of his brother, that the weak minded sod had gotten cold feet about being a Death Eater and tried to flee, only to be hunted down and murdered like a wild animal. James used to hope that Sirius would find comfort in just the idea that his brother tried to defect from the Death Eaters, but instead he used it to fuel his anger at Regulus.Because, as James well knew, feeling anger was so much easier than feeling anguish. Hating Regulus was easier on Sirius' heart than loving him and losing him."You were marked by him," Dumbledore said, Sirius scowled, Regulus' posture went tight and he hid his left arm behind his back, something new and wild in his eyes. "That makes you liable to the consequences falling to the rest of his Death Eaters. If you will agree to help us, I will guarantee your immunity.""Immunity," Regulus hissed a whisper. "You mean you'll keep me out of Azkaban so long as I suit your needs. The moment I'm no longer useful, off I go. Is that what you told him?" His eyes were growing wilder. "Defect into a spy for your precious Order, and you'll provide immunity. Immunity, not freedom, not protection. Surely he's upset with you."Dumbledore eyed him, calm as ever, but James couldn't help being confused. "You know much, for being dead these last few years.""I keep tabs," Regulus stated. "I watch and listen, I don't trust anyone. That's why I'm not dead yet," a cloud passed over his eyes, a yearning, James felt his throat close, then it had been blinked away and Regulus was glaring again. "If you'd just let me be, I would have stayed here unbothered, gotten in no ones way, forgotten like a bad memory. You just had to show up...""We need your help.""Why? Why should I? How do you know I even can help? How do you know I'm not still loyal to Voldemort?""Because if you are I'll kill you were you stand," Sirius snarled, and Regulus turned his wand to his brother, his eyes suddenly alight."Do it then.""No, enough of this!" James stepped forward. "Sirius, put your wand away! We don't even know what's happening!""James-!""Away, Sirius!" James snapped in that same voice as before, and Sirius went rigid before lowering his wand, teeth grinding together.Regulus glared back at him, until James turned to look in his direction. "You too, put that away!"The younger Black's eyes popped wide and he gaped at James, taken aback at his tone and quickly retracting his arm. The room grew silent for a moment, Dumbledore waved a hand again and the other two chairs slid out from the table."All of us, we will have a pleasant talk over tea.""I'll make it," James muttered, finding Regulus still staring at him as he turned to grab a kettle.Their eyes lingered together, catching like flailing fingers, before scratching and breaking away, leaving James squinting like it had physically pained him."Have a seat, Regulus," Dumbledore urged, slipping into a more informal address. "You as well, Sirius. We have much to discuss. Oh and James, do remember the sugar. I do enjoy sugar with my tea."









Chapter 2





Chapter Text
James should have listened to Regulus all those years ago, he decided, holding a mug between his hands and leaning back in his chair, looking down at the amber shade the hot water had changed to once the tea leaves had been added. It wasn't awful at all, in fact it was no wonder Regulus liked it enough to carry some around all the time. It did have a bitter bite to it, but the taste it left on the tongue was a gentle sweetness that got stronger with every breath he inhaled. Like the flavor had settled into his tastebuds completely.Sirius had dragged the other chair purposely around the table, the legs scraping the ground loudly enough that Regulus' eye gave a tic, and dropping it next to James before taking a seat close to him. He took the cup James offered him, but stared suspiciously into it, like he thought it had been poisoned.Dumbledore did not share his concern, adding spoonfuls of sugar into his tea and mixing it around with a pleased smile, the little clicks of spoon against porcelain the only sound in the kitchen as the four of them sat tight as statues awaiting demolition.Regulus was the one person who hadn't touched the cup in front of him, and James silently hoped he hadn't offended the younger Black by using his tea. His piercing eyes were on Dumbledore, sitting across from him, watching in clear frustration as the old wizard lifted his cup and took an audible sip before looking around the kitchen."Truly a charming little home, Regulus, I must commend you. Every decoration is wonderful, pristinely kept, even the study is set up beautifully. Do you have a garden? I would love to see it."Regulus' face seemed to crinkle as his anger grew, but Dumbledore just continued to look around in marvel. James probably wouldn't say anything, it would just add to Regulus' fury, but he thought the cottage was nice too. Small, but big enough, and cozy. It was nice, it was... it felt safe. He hoped Regulus thought so too. If there was anyone who ever deserved to feel safe..."I would have loved a home like this. Perhaps when I retire I will look for a little cottage at the edge of the woods. Yes, maybe in Austria. I do love it there. Have you been to Africa, Regulus? Lovely there as well."James flicked his eyes to Regulus, who now appeared as if he'd shoved an entire lemon into his mouth and was trying to keep from spitting it out. He didn't know Regulus, not as well as he knew Sirius of course, but he knew enough to know that Regulus wasn't exactly fond of small talk. He considered it boresome and pointless. If he couldn't have a normal conversation with someone from the get go, they weren't worth his time."Why, I went on a hiking trip many years ago with a very good friend-" Dumbledore had started, only for Regulus to interrupt."Get out, if this is all you're going to be spitting to me.""Now Regulus, I was merely trying to find ground with you.""Don't waste your breath.""Then shall we hurry and get to the point of our visit?""You already told me why you were here. You want to recruit me; I'm not interested.""Is that what you heard me say? Oh my dear boy, I only said I came seeking your aid.""That doesn't change my response," Regulus seethed. "I don't want anything to do with any of this any longer. I'm out. You understand? I'm out and I want you to leave me be.""Regulus, you must know I cannot do that," Dumbledore said, sounding terribly remorseful, and James noted how Regulus began to shake, though he couldn't tell if it was from anger or something else."That's it then," he said. "My involvement has made me a perfect tool for you, the most convenient of weapons, lucky you found me. Either I comply or I go to Azkaban. It doesn't matter that I've lived in peace here among Muggles without incident for months, I still deserve punishment."He gasped the last word breathlessly, like it tasted wrong and had to be forced out, like saying it actually hurt Regulus, who seemed to pale a shade more. His eyes were lost, like he was remembering something, and Sirius was the one to grumble."Professor..."It was enough for James to relax at least, having worried till then that Sirius would jump for his brother's throat at any sign that Regulus seemed untrustworthy. He still didn't like it, that growl of warning he gave Dumbledore when he addressed him, but it was a warning to fend him away from Regulus, to stop pushing. Maybe he'd seen it too, that memory in his brother's eyes."Surely you did not expect to get out unscathed?" Dumbledore asked, and it was quickly understood he'd used the wrong words as Regulus got to his feet.
"Unscathed?"
"I'm merely explaining that you cannot expect to have joined the Dark Lord thinking it would be easy to escape your deeds."
"Escape? Easy?"
"Sir," James called to Dumbledore. "I think maybe we should discuss what happened before bringing up talk of... atonement for misjudgment," he glanced at Regulus, but he didn't react to James, so he looked back at Dumbledore. "I don't know about anyone else, but till now I was pretty convinced Regulus Black was dead.""Good," Regulus said."I agree," Dumbledore nodded. "Regulus, if you would, share with us the recount of how you came to this place? How you defected from the Death Eaters? You did defect, of course?""If that's what you call up and leaving and somehow not getting caught, then yes, I defected."James heard Sirius inhale slowly as Dumbledore waved again at the chair, urging the younger Black to sit back down. Regulus slowly lowered himself into it, not taking his eyes off the older wizard and still not touching the tea."Would you tell us?" Dumbledore asked gently. "How is it you decided to defect? You have been hiding for quite a long time, haven't you?" When Regulus didn't answer, Dumbledore tried again. "Perhaps you realized the path of a Death Eater wasn't for you? I always thought you had a talent for much more than what your parents set you on.""Or maybe you got cold feet, acted as a coward," Sirius blurted it out, the same thing he'd been saying to James and Remus ever since the news that Regulus was missing came to them, and for the first time, Regulus winced."... I uncovered information that I shouldn't have had access to," Regulus explained in a soft voice, as if struggling to regain whatever composure he could. "Voldemort tried to use something of mine, harm it, kill it, something of mine, something only I had right to, so I stuck my nose in where I shouldn't have, because I'm petty, because I'm stupid maybe, because I was angry and spiteful.""I see. What was this information?" Dumbledore asked. "It was enough to put you on his radar?""No," his voice dropped a bit lower. "I was careful, I sabotaged him without him noticing, then I disappeared to watch from a safe distance. I truly doubt he realized what I'd done before his demise. He had no idea.""Why?" Dumbledore asked, and Regulus turned to look directly at Sirius."Because I'm a coward," and Sirius seemed to set his jaw in defiance."Self preservation isn't cowardly, Mr. Black," Dumbledore offered. "We're lucky you have that attribute in fact, or we would be very lost for what to do. Now, if I may, this information that you managed to get a hold of?"Regulus was staring at the table with a blank expression, like he'd forgotten where was. "He thought he was smart," he started, "but he was too boastful, too proud. He underestimated the people around him, and maybe the rest were too blind, too seduced by his power to see through his words, but I saw it. I had a hunch of what he was doing ages before I knew for certain. I knew he was trying, I just didn't know he'd succeeded until..."There was pain then, behind his eyes, another memory. James was noticing this happened quite often, every few minutes at least, where Regulus would stop mid sentence and remember something, relive something. It couldn't have been pleasant. James exchanged a look with Sirius, but the older Black brother still looked more mad than anything else, so James just looked back at Regulus as he blinked away the memory and tried to speak again."When I left, I had to go deep into hiding, to... recover. I was going to bring it, to hand it over to you, to the Order, to wash my hands of the mess and be done with it, but first I had to step aside until people believed I was well and truly dead, so they wouldn't hunt me and discover what I'd uncovered before I had a chance to hand it over. Before I could... before I'd gotten the chance to bring it to the Order, Voldemort was taken out," his eye flicked to James, who felt suddenly ill, setting down his half finished tea."Ah, yes, so you did hear of Lily Potter's fate then?" Dumbledore asked.James felt himself wither, and Sirius sat straighter in his seat, James could swear he saw smoke coming from his ears."Like I said before, I keep tabs," Regulus answered, keeping his eyes off James and his brother, not that he'd spared them more than passing glances this entire time. "I keep myself well informed for my own safety, and I heard what happened when I was last in Diagon Alley a few months ago.""I see," Dumbledore gave a wise nod, and James found himself staring intently at Regulus.He hadn't expected Lily to be brought up, and her name alone made his heart ache in ways he couldn't describe, but the look Regulus had, though neutral, held something behind it, and James was intrigued to hear what else he had to say. Regulus had been in hiding this whole time, carrying around a secret that was evidently so dangerous it could have gotten him killed or worse. That was why Dumbledore brought them there?"I wasn't quick enough," Regulus explained, staring into his tea. "I hesitated, I hid, because I didn't know what to do with what I had, and...""Mr. Black, you're not telling me you feel guilt for Lily's death?" Dumbledore asked, and Regulus gave him a blank stare in return."There's no telling what would have happened, had I gotten this information to you any sooner. People die in war, that's a fact people tend to overlook. Would my information have been able to save her? Somehow I doubt it, because there wasn't enough time to do anything with it, between my discovery and her death. Now it doesn't even matter. Voldemort is gone.""Yet you cling to this information like a life boat," Dumbledore gave his observation slowly. "Almost like... insurance.""I keep it because of what I sacrificed to get it," Regulus spat bitterly, and Dumbledore took another sip of his tea."I know you sense it," Dumbledore noted, eyes on Regulus. "You're an intelligent and sensitive young man. Voldemort's body may have been destroyed, but he is still out there, a soul decaying in dark magic."Maybe it was because he was closest to Regulus, but James saw his hands moving on his lap, hidden mostly by the table. His right hand went to his left arm, nails digging into his forearm where the Dark Mark would be, hidden away by layers of clothes, his face remaining neutral as his jaw tightened."He may be gone for now, but Regulus, surely you know that given the right means, he may well return. I couldn't imagine he'd be very pleased with you once he does."Sirius didn't seem to like that implication, turning to snarl at Dumbledore, but James reached over to grab his wrist and squeeze it to shut him up before he could say anything, nails biting into the heel of his friend's palm. It sounded like a threat, if James was hearing the same thing as Sirius, and James didn't like it any more than Sirius did, but snapping at the man would do them no good."We must be prepared for when he does regain power. With your information, we may be able to prepare properly and be ready for him.""Who ever said I wanted to help you?""My dear boy, this is not a matter of want. This is a matter of principle. You have information that could help us defeat Voldemort once and for all, and in the position you sit at, do you truly think holding it captive will do you any good?"Regulus was scowling at that, and James hated to admit Dumbledore had a point. Whether they liked it or not, Regulus had been a Death Eater, and going against the Dark Lord by defecting and stealing key information was one thing, but it might not be enough to settle the Ministry."I have a condition," Regulus said, and Dumbledore lifted both eyebrows up towards his hairline. "I will give you what I have, and in return I only want one thing.""What is that?""I want you to leave me alone," it came out on the edge of something desperate, something so exhausted, and James felt his heart seize in his chest. "All of this, I want nothing else to do with it. I finally got away, I will not be pulled back. I will give you what I have on Voldemort, on his supporters, but in return I want to be wiped from the records, I want everyone to remain under the suspicion that I died. I want to have never existed in the first place. Leave me alone, just let me live the rest of what's left of my life completely alone.""Such a painful life. Wouldn't it be? To be entirely alone?"Regulus looked unamused at the pity. "As if I haven't been entirely alone for the great majority of my life already?""Perhaps you don't need to isolate yourself?""That is my condition. If you dislike it, get out."For a moment, James worried Dumbledore would accept, and the prospect of never seeing Regulus again, after just finding him, after thinking him dead, well, Sirius likely felt it worse than James, but it still seemed a ridiculous condition, one neither would be willing to keep. Then Dumbledore spoke again, and his voice was careful, and suddenly James felt pity for Regulus."Surely you understand, Mr. Black, that I cannot go on with that. This information is not the only thing I came to ask of you."Regulus practically hissed. "And I told you, I have no intention of joining your Order. I want to be left alone!""Regulus you misunderstand, I am not asking you to join me, I am merely asking your aid.""You are the last person I would want to help," Regulus seethed."It isn't me you would be helping. You see, beyond what you have of the Dark Lord, I need your magic," Regulus appeared confused, taken aback, and Dumbledore tried to explain. "There are wizards twice your age older that would have a hard go of weaving as many protective spells, charms, and enchantments as you have to keep this home from the eyes of wizard kind. I dare say this building alone is as safe as Hogwarts, if not more so, the prestige of the protection on this house is greater than many of the Order's own safe houses.""... what's your point?""Aside from the information you hold, which may, if given the right trial, keep you from imprisonment in Azkaban for your crimes of aiding the Dark Lord through the war," James saw Regulus' face get another shade whiter, "the other thing I would like to request of you is that you open your home.""My home...," Regulus hissed it so softly. "So that's it? I won't roll over for you, I won't give you what you want, so you'll use manipulation, you'll threaten me with prison if I don't comply? Sure, I keep my isolation, I disappear from history, no one bothers me, but only if I let you take my home. You won't be satisfied until I'm displaced.""Certainly not, Mr. Black, in fact I must insist you stay right here where you belong! It is your home after all. I'm simply asking you to open it, to allow protection to those who need it.""Why should I care?""Because these people, as you so gracefully put it and will surely empathize with, have been displaced. Their lives are in danger, because we still don't have a clear grasp on the Dark Lord and his weaknesses. I will do everything in my power to give you what you want, the isolation you so desire. Not a soul will bother you again, but for just a bit, just a bit won't you open this warded home to people who are as endangered as yourself? It's up to you, Regulus, but I must remind you that if you can't help, you are still a Death Eater, and therefore may be seen as a threat to the Ministry and the wizarding world as a whole. You see, don't you? What choices you have?"Regulus stared at him, not saying anything, until he reached out to pick up his cup of tea for the first time, though it was likely cold by now, and drinking a bit, continuing to stare at the table for quite a while before setting the cup down and looking back at Dumbledore."I hate to tell you this, but I'm not as stupid as you might think. I know your ploy, I know how you work. You think you can hide your intentions with fancy words, trick me into thinking this is my decision, but it's not. I don't have a choice in the matter at all, do I? Because like you said, I am a Death Eater, I took the mark, and that makes me a threat. Prove myself useful to you, you'll provide your version of protection; fight you, and you will help to condemn me."Everyone who helps you ends up dead, betrayed, imprisoned, or stuck in a life debt to you. You put on a show with a glowing persona that makes you out to be a hero, someone to be trusted, you manipulate and lie to get what you want, to bleed desperate people dry of information until you've used them up and they become useless shells, then you leave them in the mud once you've finished. If they don't want to help you, if they don't give you what you desire, you manipulate even harder, you twist everything, you make them think they're safe and trick them into thinking they made the decision to help you on their own, that everything that happened is okay, but it's not. You pretend to care, you pretend you'll protect them, but every pawn runs out of use eventually. Use them, abuse them, destroy them, set them out as bait to lure in danger, then wait till the last second to swoop in and take credit for its defeat, while you leave them writhing in the mud and the rain."Instead of looking offended, Dumbledore remained smiling. "Seems you speak from experience, is that right?"Regulus drew back, grew so pale that his cheeks looked yellow, and there was fear in his eyes. Maybe it was because of taking care of Harry, maybe it was from his experience with Remus and Sirius, maybe it was because this was his best friend's younger brother, but James wanted to comfort him. He wanted to tell Dumbledore that enough was enough, and to pull Regulus close until he'd calmed down, but he just sat there and watched helplessly as a myriad of emotions played out behind silver steel eyes.Then, they blanked, everything disappeared, James wondered if Regulus was still there or not. He watched Dumbledore, who watched back patiently, and Sirius was growing more and more tense with each passing second. It was so quiet that they could hear the ticking of the clocks from the other room, James' heart was thudding in his ears.Regulus stood up from his chair, purposefully, and walked from the room. Sirius made a move to get up and follow, but Dumbledore stopped him with a lifted hand. The younger Black returned a moment later and set a wrapped parcel maybe a little too forcefully onto the table in front of the older wizard, then took his seat again.When he spoke, it was with a voice that couldn't possibly be his. "... what... accommodations... shall I make for my guests... sir?""I believe a single room will suffice," Dumbledore answered, "perhaps two bedrooms if you find you're up for it, as well as a bathroom.""And.... when shall I be expecting them to arrive, sir?""Within the day.""I see... what precautions shall I see to, in the event they are truly in peril... sir?""Extra wards on the house, ah, and while I'm at it I'll add your chimney to the floo network, just for now. I'll open it two way, to make it easier to come and go, but still keep it secure."Regulus didn't look at all pleased at the prospect of his home being added to the floo network, but he said nothing against Dumbledore, who finished off his tea and set the cup down."I must thank you for your hospitality, and I am truly pleased we managed to come to an agreement where we both win. Though I do hope we can have tea together again, under better circumstances," he rose from his seat, pushing it in and smiling at Sirius and James. "We should be going now, still much to do before tomorrow. Rest well, young Regulus."He took the parcel that had been set down for him, slipping it into one of the pockets in his robes, and left the kitchen. James and Sirius both rose to their feet to follow, James swallowing down the nerves that had been caught in his throat. It seemed that he'd gone mute during the conversation between Dumbledore and Regulus, like he'd been in so much shock at the topic that he couldn't get himself to make words. He and Sirius both had been stuck there frozen, watching the scene play out like a film at a theater, a dialogue that they only had half the information for, therefore barely understood. The minute Dumbledore left the room, James could feel his throat opening again, and he looked down at Regulus, who was staring at the tabletop with dead, defeated eyes, nothing like what he'd seen just an hour previous, when he'd laid his eyes on Regulus Black for the first time in years."Regulus-""Get out of my house, Potter."James opened his mouth to protest, words caught on his tongue when he felt a hand on his shoulder and looked over at Sirius, who had his head down and his eyes off to the side. James tried not to sigh as he nodded and followed Sirius towards the door.Something made him pause in the doorway between the kitchen and the front entry, hesitating visibly and turning to look back into the kitchen where Regulus was sitting at the table. He looked so different than when he was a kid, than how he looked when James last saw him. There was an ache in the pit of his stomach that made him say it, like a burn, that crawled up his chest and throat and out his mouth."I'm glad you're not dead."Regulus said nothing as he kept his head down, casting his eyes up to watch James through his eyelashes, and there it was again. That look that James remembered from those late nights after a nightmare, when he'd stand at the mirror in the bathroom and stare at his reflection. Regulus' eyes were mirrors of his own on those nights, and he felt his throat closing again as lead seemed to fill his shoes.
Because Regulus wasn't glad for it.
James understood that, as much as it hurt to realize, and Regulus understood James. It had been a long time since he last had someone who understood, that burn in his gut, that shadow in his mind, that silent wish that he would never utter in front of his friends.That he wished he'd died with Lily."Prongs," James forced himself to back away, turning on his heel and following Sirius out the front door after Dumbledore.Back under the bite of the sun, James jogged past Sirius to catch up to the old man who was far too spritely for his age."Sir? Professor!" He managed to catch up to Dumbledore, having to keep up a brisk walk as the man was not slowing down. "What the devil was that back there?" James waved his hand wildly back, nearly smacking Sirius in the face."Ah, a complete success!" Dumbledore exclaimed, reaching into his robes to search around. "I'd like to thank you both for coming along. It made the transition easier for him.""Easier? You call that easier? Professor, you know I have the utmost respect for you, and I trust you, but that," James waved his hand again. "Sir that was not a transition, that was...!""Blackmail," Sirius said, and he didn't look amused at all despite the fact he'd inadvertently used a pun of his own name. "You used us, me, against him, to trick him into not arguing about your terms.""Mr. Black, I asked you along because the door will only open to Regulus or a close family member, and you are the closest it will come.""So I came to be a lock pick? To help you break into his house?""What was I there for then? You know what I don't care," James ran around to stand in front of the Hogwarts headmaster. "Sirius is right, you essentially tricked him!"Dumbledore stopped finally. "James, you're in a state of grief-""I'm not!" James snapped, which certainly didn't prove he wasn't losing it."We are in a war.""Vold-! He's dead! He died! We're not in a war any longer!""We will be at war until every Death Eater that fought with Voldemort has been convicted, or cleared of charges. Until this," he pulled out the parcel that Regulus had given to him, unwrapping it but not touching the item within, "has been destroyed."A locket of amber color sat there on the paper, it looked incredibly old and worn, and just looking at it had James tensing, a hand rubbing at his chest as he furrowed his brow. Sirius stood next to him, staring at the necklace in confusion."What is it?""This, Mr. Black, is the deadly secret that your brother uncovered. The reason he had to fake his death and disappear. This, is the end of Voldemort.""Okay, but what is it?""A Horcrux," James didn't bother asking what the hell that was, he got the feeling Dumbledore wouldn't tell him anyway. "One of many, I fear. We need to find and destroy all of them, if we wish to have any chance of stopping Voldemort," he rewrapped the necklace and stowed it back into his robes. "Your brother did a miraculous thing in retrieving it for us. I do not know the details of how he came across it, but he did a wondrous deed."James glanced at Sirius, who looked painfully confused, then back at Dumbledore. "Did you know he was alive?"Dumbledore shook his head. "Not for a very long time.""How did you find him?""Mere coincidence," Dumbledore admitted. "I suppose I was at the right place at the right time."James exhaled slowly, still not liking the situation. "Why did you trick him-""Mr. Potter I did not trick him," Dumbledore interrupted. "I set him towards a path where he would be useful to us, therefore irreplaceable and an important, powerful ally. With these selfless acts of kindness towards the Order, towards Voldemort's fall, the Ministry will treat his case lightly, and there is a high chance he will be freed.""You're still going to arrest him?" Sirius asked gruffly, and James surged back to his initial question."Why did you convince him to open his home? Why does the Order need another safe house? Who's in so much danger?"Dumbledore looked puzzled. "Why, you are, James," James felt his mouth dry as Dumbledore shook his head, patting his arm as he passed him. "You and your son. You do not realize it, Mr. Potter, but your son, your Harry, is meant for great things. He needs to be in a safe, protected environment, and Regulus just happened to have created the perfect place. I'll come for you tomorrow, to move you both to the cottage."There was a crack, James spun to gape at the spot where Dumbledore had disapparated. He felt dizzy and too hot, his mind spinning and his chest aching, struggling to breathe. Sirius put a hand on his shoulder to steady him, looking torn between anger, concern, and confusion."... mate?"James shook his head, closing his eyes, "That man," he said. "That bloody man.""Yea, no kidding," Sirius laughed softly. "Come on. Let's go relieve Moony from babysitting duty. We'll figure this out. We always do."









Chapter 3



Notes:
Sorry for the super late update. I didn't want to post this chapter until I had the fourth one written, but I was too excited, soooo tadah I guess. A quick warning, I'm partaking in the jeddyfest on Tumblr, which goes on till fics are posted in April, so I'll be putting updates on this fic on temporary hold until fest is over, but I'll still be writing in between my fest fics. Thank you for being so patient, and I hope you enjoy this chapter!




Chapter Text
Remus had always been the brains of their group, but he could only shake his head when asked if he knew what a Horcrux was, looking confused. It changed to an expression of muted shock when they sat down and discussed the rest of what had taken place: Regulus Black being revealed to be alive."And Dumbledore had absolutely no answers for you?" Remus asked Sirius, who shook his head, eyes downcast, then at James. "Regulus didn't hint what happened to him even a little?""No," James sighed, he had Harry in his arms, sitting on his lap and bouncing him on his knee as his son clung to a stuffed dog. "The situation is suspicious enough without Regulus being at the center of it, but under the consideration that he was dead until this morning?""It just makes things harder to grasp and a million times more complicated," Remus nodded. "He didn't say a thing about that part either?""Aside from making it significantly clear he wanted to be left alone?" James clarified. "No.""Dumbledore used his former position as a Death Eater to grasp the upper hand and twisted him to agree with what he wanted," Sirius explained, looking annoyed. "I hate the little prick, but...""Sirius don't say that," Remus chided. "He's your brother, and maybe he made a few mistakes, but that doesn't change the fact he's all you have.""Not true, I have you and James.""Sirius you thought he was dead," Remus said slowly. "Now if you're going to sit there and tell me with a straight face that this doesn't effect you at all-""That's the plan, Moons.""Alright," James rolled his eyes. "I understand Sirius' suspicion, because he was a Death Eater and we can't just ignore that, but he also defected, a long time before anyone else did. He defied the Dark Lord before anyone; Regulus was the first to turn against him.""Not that the snake knew," Sirius reminded, and Remus added his input."Self preservation is a Slytherin trait.""So is cowardice.""How much of a coward is he if he turned against the most dangerous wizard of the age?" James asked, then looked from Sirius to Remus. "I think I trust him.""Well great, cuz you're going to be rooming with him for a while!" Sirius threw his arms above his head, and James sighed with another roll of his eyes."Sirius if the wards are as strong as you say, maybe it would do some good?" Remus offered. "It's barely been a year, but James is still winded when doing simple tasks, he's been stressed and on edge, and we can only help so much with Harry. It might be good for him to be somewhere that's actually safe, that no one knows about, where he doesn't have to worry about Death Eaters hunting him down for revenge.""Moony I'm right here.""Yes, better he stay hidden from Death Eaters," Sirius quickly agreed with heavily dripping sarcasm, "by staying in the same house as a bloody Death Eater. Flawless plan.""Pads-""I'm just saying, if Dumbledore thinks he's still in danger-""- but Volde-twat is dead-""- doesn't matter, you heard Dumbledore-""- Dumbledore this and that, just marry him if you like him so much!""- he could come back to power-""- and my mother could marry a muggle-""- Harry is in danger as well-""The dark wizards won't touch anyone unless it's over my dead body-""GUYS!" James yelled, and two sets of startled eyes moved to him. "I am right here!""Sorry."James sighed and shook his head. "Look, Dumbledore or not, the place is secure at least, and if it's for Harry," he looked at his son, who gave him a smile of delight, before looking back at his friends. "I can take care of myself, but I don't think Regulus would try anything.""How can you be sure?" Sirius asked. "Mate, I get it, he's my brother and I wish I could trust him, but you don't just stop being a Death Eater.""You're only saying that because no one ever has before," Remus drawled. "Regulus defected months before Halloween. This isn't like with Malfoy.""How do we know?" Sirius asked, looking pained and turning his head to look at his best friend. "James how can you be sure we can trust him?"James could hear it under his voice, that fear and paranoia, that "what if". What if he betrays us. What if he's like Peter. James couldn't think that though. If anyone was the polar opposite of Peter, it was Regulus. How was he supposed to go about explaining why he trusted the kid, though? He couldn't very well tell Sirius he shared some unspoken but very dark thoughts with his younger brother.
"See mate, when I looked in his eyes, I realized we were both suicidal, and if you can't bond over the mutual desire to die, then you can't bond over anything!"
There was no way he could say that."Call it gut instinct," James decided finally, trying to rub away a smudge or food, maybe dirt, away from Harry's chin. "That house doesn't feel oppressive or dangerous in any way, it wasn't like Godric's Hollow. You felt it, didn't you?"Sirius' face twisted up and he looked away, leaning forward and putting his chin in his hand, elbow against his knee as he grumbled."Even if Regulus' loyalty is a bit dubious, his magic is nothing to scoff at. Remus you should've seen it, felt it. The protective spells, the enchantments, the charm on his home. It was amazing. It felt like a different world. You of all people would be fascinated to see it.""I don't like it," Sirius mumbled, and James patted his back."Even if we all agreed that Regulus was an untrustworthy worm, Dumbledore made the decision. We've got no say. Sure we can argue, but after what happened before?"He couldn't finish, Remus took over for him. "After what happened before, Dumbledore wouldn't want to take any chances. If he thought this place was safe enough for James and Harry, if he believes Regulus to be trustworthy, then we need to have faith in the man.""We can protect them fine," Sirius argued half heartedly. "Better than Regulus could.""Don't pout, Padfoot," James reached over to rub Sirius' head. "You're still my favorite Black."That actually seemed to lift his spirits a bit, and he sat up just as Harry started squirming, swiveling back and forth trying to look everywhere at once, rocking forward and back to look around James only for the couch behind him to block his view, making his little face twist.James laughed at his son, who looked puzzled. "What are you doing, bud?"Harry lifted up his green eyes to James, who felt himself shatter from both the color and his next words. "Where mumma?"The room was silent, James' smile felt like a broken shard of glass, and it took him a minute to say anything, unable to look around at his friends."She's not here right now, kiddo."Harry looked disappointed, and Sirius reached over to slot his hands under the toddler's armpits, scooping him up. "Hey, hey! Uncle Pads is here!"Harry squealed and James' smile quivered as he stood up, grateful for the reprieve. "Bathroom."Honestly he didn't know why he was lying when the shake in his voice was so painfully obvious. Remus and Sirius already knew he was probably going to lock himself in and turn the faucet on, as if the sound of running water would drown out the sound of his sobs. He'd done it so many times the past few months, it would be weirder if they hadn't realized that's what he'd been doing.Curled up on the floor half draped over the side of the bathtub, face buried in his arms and glasses somewhere on the floor, shoulders wracking in agony and hand fisted around a single gold wedding band. Why had this happened? It wasn't fair.Lily had been so good, so perfect. She never asked for this. She wasn't born with any knowledge of her powers, but if she'd just been a muggle like her family this never would have happened. If she'd turned James down one last time, if James had just stopped pursuing her, had given up, she'd still be alive.It was Peter's fault. It was Sirius' fault. It was Dumbledore's fault. It was James' fault.It was Regulus' fault?Everyone. It was everyone's fault. Why couldn't Lily have just backed down? His sobs grew harsher, because that thought had dared to enter his mind. Lily would hate him, for even considering trading Harry for her. He would never. He loved Harry so much. But he was lonely, he was hurting, he wanted her back, he wanted to die. Why couldn't Sirius have just left him on the stairs to die of the curse cast against him? His chest still ached, growing more painful the longer he cried.Sometime during his breakdown he must have passed out, because he woke up to a warm hand on his shoulder, the other in his hair, shaking him gently."Lily?""Remus," was the whispered correction, and James buried his face back into his arms. "Come on, James. Let's get you cleaned up and in bed."The faucet turned off and Remus forced his head up, wiping his face clean with a cold rag before grabbing his arm and hauling him to his feet, dragging his arm around his shoulders. James stumbled, his vision was blurry and his eyes stung, so he just went along with Remus as he was brought into the bedroom he'd been given and helped onto the bed.His face was in his pillow, but his ears picked up the little tap as Remus set his glasses on the bedside table, then pulled off his shoes and dragged the covers over him, a hand in his hair again."We'll get through this with you, Prongs. If you need us, we'll just be outside. Harry is fine, Sirius is distracting him. Just sleep."He wished he could. He wished he could sleep like he used to, just black out and forget, but as he faded to unconsciousness while the door shut, he found himself awake in another home, hand clinging tight to the banister as he stood on the stairs of the cottage in Godric's Hollow. He barely saw the door broken open and the hooded figure, the bright green light and the wood splintering. Then he heard it, Lily screaming, Harry crying, Voldemort's high and cold laughter.James couldn't move, but the sound of the door creaking open had his muscle memory jump starting. His wand, he needed his wand, eyes snapping open and vision a mess without his glasses. There was a blur of shadows at the door, and he moved fast, dragging his wand from under his pillow and waving it with a jerk of his arm, pure panic fueling him.
"Diffindo!"
"Whoa!" the shadow threw himself to the side as the door was severed in half. "Mate, it's me!"James gasped. "Sirius? Oh God, oh Merlin," he dropped his wand, fumbling for his glasses and shoving them onto his face to see his friend pushing himself off the floor. "I'm so sorry, I'm sorry.""No, Prongs, it's okay," Sirius assured, watching James in worry. "Are you okay? I woke you up didn't I?""I could've hurt you. Did I-""You missed, it's fine. Can't aim for shit without your glasses."James gave a heavy exhale and dropped his face into his hands, pushing his glasses onto his head and digging the heels of his palms into his eyes."I'm so sorry.""James, it's okay," Sirius tried to soothe, walking over and sitting beside him on the bed, running a hand across his shoulders in an attempt to relax him. "I was just coming to check in on you. Bad dream?"James gave a single nod. "What time is it?""Morning," Sirius answered, and James dragged his hands off his face to stare at him in surprise. "Yea, you really slept. Remus and I decided to let you, so you missed dinner. Probably hungry, yea?"James noted the chasmic emptiness in his gut and mumbled an agreement, pulling his glasses back down onto his face and following Sirius out of the bedroom and into the small kitchen where a little square table was set up. There were three seats and a highchair around it, where Harry was already sitting looking half awake, though he brightened when he noticed James and reached out with hands that curled and uncurled in a sign he wanted to be held.James complied, scooping his son from the highchair and plopping himself into one of the other seats, looking around the London flat where he'd been living with Remus, Sirius and Harry since he'd been released from the hospital back in December.It wasn't big, or fancy, and it was very simplistic. The front door lead directly into the kitchen, which also acted as the dining area, an island counter separating the kitchen utilities from the meager living area that consisted of two couches, a fireplace, a coffee table, and an old radio. There were bookshelves stuffed with books, toys for Harry scattered around the carpet, and a glass door directly across from the front door that lead onto a balcony.There were three bedrooms and a bathroom, Harry was usually juggled between them, his crib rolled into whichever bedroom he'd be staying in depending on how tired the other two men were. He didn't seem to mind being moved around a bit, but James sometimes found himself missing the nursery that he, Lily, and his dear friends spent so much time decorating.It was very Muggle-like, Remus said, which was good. They were lucky that the landlord was a Squib and familiar with magic, not complaining about the protective spells that Remus would regularly cast over their apartment, saying as long as they kept their magical activities down to a minimum, and paid rent on time, they could stay as long as they wanted.Hidden smack in the middle of Muggle London, James was grateful to have Remus around to do most of the dealings outside the apartment and handle the Muggle money, which baffled both he and Sirius. The landlord wasn't as bitter about them being wizards as they'd expected when they moved in, even seemed friendly with Dumbledore, who set up the flat for them with a bit of help from the Order.After Halloween, Remus and Sirius had both been removed from their previous safe houses and relocated with James and Harry into this newly established flat. Dumbledore explained it would be better for them to stick together, for James and Harry's sake while James was recovering. James got the feeling Dumbledore was trying to make up for his mistakes, in his assumption that Sirius was untrustworthy and Remus a threat, by keeping them together for the time being.Things had been fine since moving in. The days were long and the nights even longer. James still didn't really know why he'd gone down so hard and why he was still recovering, as people kept telling him he was. Remus and Sirius had grown insufferable in their insistence that at least one of them be with James at all times. It wasn't like this had been his first near death experience, they'd all had many close calls before, but something about the Dark Lord being the one to directly attack James before murdering Lily, really set his friends off.James had to note it again, that everything had been fine: calm, quiet, peacful for the most part. The flat was safe, and nothing would be able to get past Remus and Sirius at their best (and most pissed off). So he couldn't help wondering why Dumbledore wanted to move them yet again, this time to an even heavier warded home. The only thing he could think of was the theory he always had when something seemed slightly off.Voldemort's Death Eaters were on the move again, and this time with a goal.James supposed it was no surprise. Harry, somehow, in his tiny body, held a power that took out the most despicable dark wizard in their world. His supporters were angry, they wanted revenge, they wanted Harry, and Dumbledore wanted him safe. James did too. He would do anything if it meant his son would be safe."Morning," Remus greeted when he exited one of the bedrooms, looking more awake than James felt, "How are you feeling? Heard some banging earlier, are you okay?""Almost killed Sirius.""Why? What did he do this time?""Oy!" Sirius yelled from the bathroom, and James snorted, trying to smooth the impossible cowlicks at the back of Harry's head."He didn't do anything, I just... woke up.""Are you okay?" Remus asked again, and James tried to nod."I'm okay too, thanks for asking," Sirius said as he walked out of the bathroom and took the seat across from James. "Have we been summoned yet?""Not yet," Remus answered, taking the final seat and reaching for the mug of tea that had been sitting there already. "I think we have enough time to eat and take showers before Dumbledore shows up.""I have to wonder what his exact plan is," James said. "From what I remember of yesterday, there was only one bedroom in that little cottage, and it takes time to expand and transfigure an entire house. Dumbledore doesn't really expect Regulus to do it in just a few hours, does he?""I never know what that man is thinking," Sirius said through his toast, and Remus squinted at him before turning to James."Are all of us going?""Yet another thing the Professor failed to mention," James sighed, standing to return Harry to his highchair before sitting back down and reaching for his plate. "I hope so. Honestly, with everything that's happened, and with Harry, I don't know what I'd do without you two."Sirius looked pained. "I really hate the idea of being in the same house as that prickly little codpiece, but I'll stay with you to help how I can. For Harry and for you.""I have no reservations against Regulus, but the second part of that I agree with," Remus said. "I just don't like the idea of us being separated right now."James silently agreed with that and busied himself with eating in companionable silence that Sirius occasionally yawned through and Harry babbled against. Eating in silence was a new normal for them. It wasn't like none of them had anything to say, they just tended to get lost in their thoughts more often than not.Sirius lamented that he was getting old, but Remus rebounded by telling him to shut the hell up you're only twenty-two.It was James who really stayed quiet these days. He wasn't himself and he knew it. They all knew it. He couldn't bring himself to join the conversation sometimes, just saying a few words could drain him, and smiling left him feeling cold. He was pretty sure the echoes of Voldemort's curse had nothing to do with it, either. He was depressed, and it was the absence of any feeling or emotion that always had him eating in silence, or sitting in silence, trying to get into the conversation, trying to remember what it felt like to feel something, anything.His friends were impossibly patient with him, and sometimes their understanding was unbearable. They'd lost Lily as well, maybe not the same way, but they lost their friend, and they lost Peter, and they were just grateful they hadn't lost James or Harry, but sometimes it was like they didn't even mourn. James was in constant mourning, but Remus was calm and soothing and Sirius always had a hand ready to set on his shoulder and a dry joke to try and make him laugh. James wished they would cry, or yell, blame James for not protecting Lily, but they just didn't!All the times James snapped at them in the past few months, out of nowhere just yelling and screaming out of character, then sobbing pathetically, and they never condemned him for it. It was painful. Sometimes he wondered what he'd done to earn their unwavering love and loyalty.Sometimes he wondered what he'd done to lose Peter's.Food eaten, showers taken, they were in the living area when the fireplace came to life in green flame and spit Albus Dumbledore out into their flat, standing from the couches to greet him."We didn't really know what to pack-" Remus started, and Dumbledore waved a hand dismissively."It'll be taken care of.""Professor I have to ask," James started, Harry propped on his hip. "Are all of us being relocated?""Just you," that immediately made James uneasy, and Sirius opened his mouth to protest, but Dumbledore quickly continued before he could curse. "However, this flat has been given a direct link to the new safe house. The only way there is through the floo network, and your fireplace here is the only one that will lead to the cottage. So, while you will be moved, Mr. Black and Mr. Lupin will have a direct route to you at all times.""Seems pointless to me," Sirius started, and Remus stepped in front of him."Is it safe?""Oh yes, very safe," Dumbledore answered. "Though for now it would be best to take a bus. We can't exactly floo or apparate with little Harry."That was all Dumbledore said before herding the four of them outside into the back alley, sticking out his wand to summon the Knight Bus, because there was no faster route. After giving directions to their destination, Dumbledore took a seat, yet it was still twenty minutes before they were getting off the bus and watching it speed away in a blue blur."This is it?" Remus asked, looking around in a state of awe. "It's very small; but quiet, out of the way.""Regulus' home is this way," James pointed, and Remus followed.The minute he saw the cottage, Remus asked a question that had been nagging James since the day before. "I know the Black family is wealthy, but considering Regulus has been dead on paper for a while now, how did he manage to snag this place?""An excellent question," Sirius mumbled. "Maybe he murdered a muggle and took their home.""As I understand it, after asking the people in town, this building has been abandoned for thirty years," Dumbledore said as he tapped the top of the gate three times, "and as far as they are concerned it is still abandoned.""Muggle repelling charms," Remus noted to Sirius, who had been standing there looking confused.Dumbledore tapped the same nine piece design into the door before stepping aside, and Sirius took the knob before pushing it open, the five of them collecting in the entry. James was under the impression it wouldn't be big enough for four full grown men and a toddler, but as soon as the door shut he was proven wrong, mouth agape as he stared at the interior of the cottage.Regulus had gotten to work it seemed, transfiguring and reforming the house, extending it. It looked generally the same as it had the day before, and the exterior hadn't changed an inch, but there was now a staircase to the right that lead up to a second floor landing, and James could see three doors just from where he stood."Merlin's beard," Sirius hissed as Remus wandered deeper to gape around."Wow. Regulus did all this?""It was smaller yesterday.""I did request he expand it to accommodate you," Dumbledore reminded, and James gave him a puzzled expression."Well yes, but I thought it would take him longer.""Ah Mr. Potter, have faith in your fellow wizard.""Not saying I don't, but...""Where is he?" Remus asked from the kitchen door. "He didn't fix it up then run, did he?""To be honest? Wouldn't be surprised if he did," James muttered, taking Harry's hand and squeezing to keep him from grabbing any of the herb bundles hanging from the ceiling."He is here," Dumbledore assured, and as if to prove him right, the doors that lead to the study, which James had yet to see, opened.Regulus appeared a bit more casual than he had the day before, the cloak was gone and the twigs and leaves cleaned away, leaving him in a long sleeved high necked shirt and black trousers. He had the same expression of irritated inconvenience as he met Dumbledore's eye, then James, glaring back at the headmaster and struggling not to scowl."Is it enough for you?" he asked, and Dumbledore had his hands together in delight."Absolutely marvelous my boy, you are truly a wonder!"Regulus didn't fall for the flattery, keeping one hand on the door as he narrowed his eyes and looked at James, who felt paralyzed as if by mercury caught in the silver of his glare."Two bedrooms, up the stairs, do what you want to them. Stay out of the first floor rooms or I'll hex your eyes from your face."With that, he retreated into his study, James just barely managed to catch sight of the corner of a book case, a cauldron, and what looked like it could have been a pensieve, before the door was shut and locked.The room was silent, broken when Dumbledore turned to beam at James, whom he was closest to. "What a delightful young man."James' lips quivered. Sometimes he didn't know if Dumbledore was the most sarcastic wizard he ever met, or was genuine in his statements, because Regulus was the furthest thing from delightful you could probably get."I'll have your things brought to you," Dumbledore said as he made his way towards the fireplace, taking a pouch from his robes and pulling out a pinch of powder before setting the rest on the mantle. "Make yourself at home."He tossed the powder into the cold coals and the green fire flared, allowing him to step into it and disappear. The three men were left staring after him, and James turned his head when Sirius mumbled."Easy for him to say when this isn't even his house.""He looked different than what I remember," Remus said staring at the closed study doors. "I know it's been a while, but...""He grew his hair out," James tried to offer, giving Sirius a half grin. "Seems to take care of it unlike another Black I know.""What's that supposed to mean?" Sirius demanded, hands lifting to his hair."Well if you're going to grow it wild to defy your family image, at least take care if it.""No, that's not what I meant," Remus said before Sirius could snap at James, a pout on his face. "I mean yes, I've never seen it that long on him, it's probably longer than Sirius', but I meant he looked, I don't know, unwell? He's pale, looks unsteady.""Are you surprised?" Sirius asked incredulously, while simultaneously looking alarmed. "Considering what the fool was into.""I think you're missing the point.""I thought he looked a bit wrong yesterday," James admitted. "Maybe he's sick?""What? Who cares?" Sirius looked between them quickly. "Anyway, I didn't see anything wrong with him.""Would you have?" Remus asked, disappearing into the kitchen before he could be answered.Sirius and James followed, James after casting a quick look at the study door. Remus was looking through the fridge and the cupboards, frowning."He's got the bare minimum here," he said, shutting the fridge and leaning against the counter. "Does he ever go shopping?""Moons, I hate to break it to you, but we know as much about this as you do," Sirius said, and Remus pushed away from the counter."Well, we'll have to go to the store and stock up. Can't have Harry and James starving here." Sirius hummed and Remus looked at James. "I'll take Sirius, he seems antsy anyway.""I'm not.""You see about the rooms upstairs. Harry looks tired.""It is about time for his nap," James agreed, rubbing Harry's back as the toddler rubbed at his eyes."We'll have tea when we get back," Remus patted Sirius on the arm to get him to move despite his protests. "Maybe try talking to him. If you're going to be here for a while, you might as well.""I don't know if I can," James followed his friends to the front door. "I don't remember him being very talkative back in school, and it doesn't seem like much as changed.""No kidding," Sirius piped, and Remus glanced at the study doors."Well, if anyone can get him to talk, it's you, James.""Thanks. I think."We'll be back."James watched them leave, shutting the door behind them before turning and looking around the interior of the house with a slow sigh."Right," he started, eyes inevitably landing on the study doors, but tearing them away to look at the staircase. "What do you think, Harry? Wanna check out our new room?"Harry made a noise that sounded like words, or an attempt at them, and James nodded wisely."I completely agree. It is naptime."









Chapter 4





Chapter Text

The upstairs bedrooms were bare and simple, and at first glance James could tell Regulus hadn't spent much time fixing them, but the fact he still managed to do this much in the time frame given was absolutely astounding. There were two bedrooms, both with identical walls, floors, windows, beds, closets, bedside tables and dressers, exactly the same right down to the color of the bed skirts. Meanwhile the bathroom held a shower, a sink, a toilet, and nothing else.





That was fine though. James was excellent at Transfiguration, if he wanted to make things more homey then he could do it without any problems. For now, the beds were comfortable and the curtains cancelled out a good portion of the light from outside, so James settled Harry in the middle of the bed, choosing the room to the far left of the stairs, and bundled the blankets around him so he wouldn't roll off before taking his cloak and covering his son with it like a blanket, hoping the scent would keep him calm and sleeping soundly.


For a long moment he just sat there in silence, watching Harry sleep, trying to wrap his head around the situation. It seemed if Dumbledore got his way, then James would end up being in that house for a while. Something was going down that was worrying Dumbledore, something that made him believe James was still in danger, that Harry was still in danger.


It put a bad taste in his mouth, what Dumbledore said about Harry being special. That was fine, James thought he was special too, but the way Dumbledore said it, the gleam in his eyes, made James anxious. 

Why

 was Harry special? Why was Dumbledore so intent on keeping him safe when he barely tried the first time around? What was the point of it all?


There was so much that Dumbledore clearly wasn't telling him, and James already knew he would get nowhere by asking him for direct answers, the man had always been vague and secretive. The only person he could possibly get answers from was the one person likely more difficult to talk to than Dumbledore. James had no other alternative at this point, though. He wanted to know what a Horcrux was, what it had to do with he and his son, why Dumbledore thought Voldemort was still out there somewhere.


James kept his palm against his chest as he stood up, keeping his eye on Harry as he backed out of the room and leaving the door open so he could hear him if he started to cry. He hiked down the stairs slowly, quietly, and paused at the last step, shoulders tense as he stared at the closed doors that lead into the study. One hand tapped against his thigh a moment, before he turned and made his way into the kitchen.


Lily used to say that the best way to start a conversation was with a cup of tea, that one of her favorite school memories was sharing a pot of Earl Grey with Professor Slughorn while discussing his classes. James was sceptical, but figured he may as well try it.


He made two cups, carrying them out to the study and standing in front of the door for a good three minutes before taking a breath, balancing both cups in one hand so he could knock. 


“Alright in there, Regulus?” He waited for an answer, receiving none and not surprised, so he reached down to the handle on the right door to test it.


Remarkably, it was open, so James slowly pushed it open, poking his head into the room and inching into it, slowly looking around with wide eyes.


It felt different than the rest of the house. There were bundles of herbs hanging from the ceiling like out in the living area, but more condensed, it was almost hard to pick out the ceiling from between the leaves and stems. There was a bay window built into the far right corner, but the glass was foggy, the window seat covered in cushions and open books that had been thrown there.


The right wall was entirely shelf space, built into the wall itself, stuffed with books that James marvelled at, because Regulus had been dead and in hiding for ages now, when did he have the time to collect all of these? In between the books were little items that James could feel enchantments emanating from, and decided quickly he didn't want to touch them.


The far wall across from the double doors was built with more shelf space, a small stone fireplace with a cauldron sitting in the cold coals, and like James had assumed, a pensieve, currently empty, sitting on a pedestal in a cabinet.


The left wall was more bare, and included a closed door that likely lead to the room beside this one that James figured was Regulus’ bedroom. Next to the door was a large roll top desk covered with parchment, ink bottles, quills, books, and loose bundles of leaves. Regulus was sitting there, hunched over the desk with a quill in hand.


His black hair was tied back to show the furrow of his brow and the narrow of his eyes, his lips thin. The feather of the quill wavered as he scribbled, his eyes seemed glassy, and James wondered if he'd heard him enter the room at all.


“Regulus?” James whispered for some reason, like he didn't want to interrupt the younger Black, shuffling closer and reaching out his hand, letting it hover over Regulus’ shoulder but not touching, raising his voice a bit. “Reg?”


Regulus jerked violently in his seat, practically falling out of it and backing up, arms raised in defense. James was frozen in shock at the panic on his face that quickly filtered into anger.


“I thought I told you if you messed with any of the rooms down here that I'd hex you?”


“Oh, you meant this room too?” James asked, standing straighter and holding out both cups. “I made tea. Was hoping, you know, maybe we could talk.”


Regulus just scowled. “Don't get the wrong idea, Potter. Just because I'm letting you stay here doesn't mean we're friends. I have no choice in the matter but to allow it. That doesn't mean I have to enjoy it. Get out of my study.”


“Okay… listen I understand, and I'm as annoyed and confused as you are, but if I'm going to be here for a while-”


“I said get out!” Regulus pushed his chair aside to storm at James, grabbing his arm and pulling him over to the open door. “Dumbledore can take whatever he wants, my freedom and my security, but he can't just take my privacy like that!”


“He's not! 

I'm

 not, I'm just trying to be polite! Look, I wanted to talk to you!”


“Get. Out.” Regulus shoved him into the living area, and James spun around, sticking a foot into the door jam as the other man tried to slam it closed.


They ended up glaring at each other between the gap in the door, and James leaned forward. “Tell me what a Horcrux is,” something flickered in Regulus’ eyes. “That thing you gave Dumbledore. What was it? Why is it so important? Why is Dumbledore so convinced Vol- the Dark Lord will return? He died! What do you think? Do you believe him?”


Regulus seemed to be shaking, and James saw something break in his eyes, saw vulnerability through the cracks in Regulus’ walls. “I just wanted to be left alone,” he hissed. “Why couldn't you people have just left me alone? You were so good at it back in school, but suddenly I have something you want and you want to be my friend?”


“Don't be stupid,” James glared. “I still don't want to be your friend. My son is in danger and no one is telling me anything. It's my job to protect him, so I want to know what I'm protecting him from. Dumbledore won't tell me anything, you know how that feels don't you?”


Regulus had his head bowed, hands clinging to the door. “A Horcrux is an object in which a Dark wizard or witch has hidden a fragment of his or her soul for the purpose of attaining immortality,” he said in a soft voice, barely a whisper, like he was giving away forbidden information.


Honestly, it sounded like a joke, and James laughed, the smile falling when Regulus lifted his eyes up. With a sick feeling in his gut, he remembered what Dumbledore said the day they found Regulus. 



How do you kill something immortal? By finding what made him immortal in the first place, and reversing it.



“You're not kidding,” Regulus dropped his eyes again, James hesitated. “I've never heard of that kind of magic before.”


“You wouldn't have.”


“So how do you know about it? How did you find it in the first place?”


“I already told you,” Regulus lifted his glare yet again, but it seemed wary and weak. “I'm a coward. I stuck my nose where it didn't belong, sabotaged him, then ran away.”


James felt as weak as Regulus looked, just the word Horcrux made him feel nauseous, and he swallowed around the knot in his throat. “Are there more? How do we reverse it? How do we destroy them?”


He expected an answer, he expected Regulus to scoff at his ignorance, but instead he just curled into himself, hands sliding down the door as he whispered. “I don't know.”


James opened his mouth to say more, but Regulus kicked his foot out of the way and slammed the door closed. There was a click, but James still reached down to test it. Locked.


He ended up sitting on the couch, one of the cups of tea sitting on the coffee table as he clung to the sides of the other, letting the burn of the ceramic bite into his fingers and palms and not letting his grip loosen even when it started to become painful. He needed it, that bit of pain, as he stared at the carpet and thought over the tiny bit of information he'd managed to uncover.


Voldemort was dead though. He disappeared, his body was destroyed. If that locket had really been a Horcrux, then it held a fragment of Voldemort's soul. He wasn't dead yet, not really, and he wouldn't be until the damn thing had been destroyed.


It wouldn't even be that simple, though. Dumbledore had expressed his concern that Voldemort had made more than one Horcrux. As long as those items existed, then there was a chance, no, it was an inevitability, that Voldemort would come back.


James didn't even realize he'd let go of the cup until Remus and Sirius returned an hour later with shopping bags. They were snickering at something when they walked in, but stopped dead when they saw James sitting on the couch, elbows on his knees, holding his hands open, mug spilling cold tea onto the carpet at his feet.


“James? Are you okay?” Remus moved towards him, picking up the cup and waving his wand to clean up the tea as Sirius shut the door and took a seat beside James.


“I know what a Horcrux is now,” James said it in a voice that didn't quite sound like him.


His friends were quiet for half a moment before Remus sat on his other side, a hand on his shoulder. “You managed to talk to Regulus a bit?” James nodded numbly. “What is it then?”


James felt dizzy. How was he supposed to tell them that the Dark Wizard who murdered so many of their friends, tried to murder Harry, was essentially just on vacation and will be back as soon as he could to finish off the rest of them? He couldn't. 


“I don't feel well,” James said, standing up. “I'm going to lie down.”


“Sure,” Remus said it gently. “Sirius and I will make dinner and put all this away. Go get some rest, let us know if you're in any physical pain.”


James nodded, but honestly no matter how many times Remus said that, James never did. He was in physical pain because his chest ached constantly, he was in emotional pain because he just couldn't handle it anymore, and he never said a word about it, because why did it matter?


He laid himself down slowly, wincing, pulling his glasses off and setting them on the bed next to his wand before wrapping his arms around Harry, who was still fast asleep, instinctively clinging to James when he'd been pressed against his chest. James played with his messy hair for a bit before shutting his eyes and begging for sleep, for some relief.


He dreamt of green lights and screaming, of lockets that whispered and spit black smoke from its seam, and of Regulus, standing on an island of rough cut stone surrounded by black water, clinging to the edges of a crystal basin that held a cloudy green liquid.


His head lifted, his eyes met James, his lips parted in a whisper. 

“We should be dead.”

 He turned his eyes down to the sickly green liquid. 

“Why aren't we dead?”



He woke with a start from the little hands on his shoulder pushing him, but managed to keep his calm as he reached out for his glasses, looking in tired amusement at his son as he tugged on him.


“Hey bud. Have a bad dream?”


Harry just opened his mouth, and for a terrifying moment James was expecting him to ask about Lily again, but he just bounced on his knees. “Suppa,” he said, and James snorted, turning his face into the pillow. 


“Hungry. Right.” He sat up, rubbing the sleep from his eyes and pushing his glasses onto his face before standing up and picking Harry off the bed. “Let's see what your uncle's have fixed up.”


Sirius and Remus were both seated at the kitchen when he walked in, looking up at James when they heard him.


“Feeling any better?”


“I… yea,” James said, sitting down and handing Harry to Sirius when the two year old reached for him. “How long was I sleeping?”


“A few hours,” Remus answered.


“What have you two been doing?”


“Putting the groceries in the fridge, deciding what to make for supper. We think we could just make sandwiches and eat in the backyard while the sun is still up.”


“Sounds great.”


“I tried talking to Regulus,” Remus said, and Sirius snorted, earning a glare.


“How did that go?” James asked, and Remus shook his head.


“Pretty much nowhere. He didn't even answer me through the door when I asked if he was hungry.”


“Quit worrying over him, Moons, he's just being a little prick.” Sirius scoffed. “He's not important.”


“He probably has important information, Sirius,” Remus argued. “Not to mention he's your brother.”


“So?”


“Maybe try finding common ground with him?” Remus asked. “You thought he was dead.”


“Still is in my opinion.”


“Remus is right,” James said, arms folded and eyes locked on the edge of the table. “Regulus knew what a Horcrux was, there’s probably a lot more he could tell us about the Death Eaters and the Dark Lord to help us.”


Remus and Sirius exchanged a quiet look before focusing back on James. “How are we supposed to get him to talk then? We can't force him.”


“No, he has to trust us first,” James muttered, rubbing his jaw, “but he's skittish, I don't know how long it'll take to reach him. The only reason I managed to speak with him earlier was because he left the door open and I kind of just let myself in. He didn't appreciate it.”


“Start small then,” Remus muttered to himself, and Sirius rolled his eyes with a dramatic sigh as the other man stood. “I'll try something.”


Sirius and James got up from their seats and followed, standing at the door to the living room and peering around it to watch Remus approach the double doors, looking back at them before lifting a fist and knocking.


“Regulus, it's Remus Lupin. You know, your brother's friend? We were going to eat supper out back if you'd like to join us? Sandwiches. Do you like ham? We also have peanut butter. It's mostly for Harry but if you prefer it you can have that instead?”


Silence. He turned to gape at his friends, cheeks red, and Sirius dropped his head with a snort as Remus shuffled awkwardly back into the kitchen, looking sheepish. 


“Well done.”


“Piss off.”


“Let's make food first,” James offered, waving his wand and transfiguring one of the seats around the table into a highchair, taking Harry from Sirius and securing him into it. “Sirius what kind of food does Regulus like?”


“Caviar. Steelhead Salmon. The blood of his enemies.”


“Sirius.”


“Fuck, mate, why would I remember?”


“He's your brother.”


“James it's been at least seven years since I had an actual conversation with him, I do not remember what he liked to snack on when obsessing over Death Eaters.”


“He's not like that anymore, Pads.”


“Say what you want, I still don't trust him.”


“I'll just make him both,” James said, following Remus to the fridge. “What do you want?”


“Tuna.”


“Ewe, I fucking hate you.”


They set the finished sandwiches on a plate and placed it on the table, staring down at it for a moment before both James and Remus turned their heads to Sirius, who looked dumbstruck.


“Why me?!”


“He might respond to you,” Remus explained. “You are his brother.”


“Quit saying that as if it matters! He's not gonna respond to me as of I'm special! He hates me like I hate him!”


James picked up a second plate and set a sandwich on it, holding it out for Sirius. “Then I guess you have to do this as a challenge. You're the most likely out of all of us to reach him.”


“Why are you so sure?”


“You're the only one who can enter the protective field around the property without using magic,” James explained. “That's gotta mean something.”


James thought he saw hope flicker in Sirius’ eyes before he pouted with a glare and took the plate.


“Fine, but don't expect much.”


Remus and James stood at the doorway as Sirius stormed up to the double doors leading into Regulus’ study, giving his two friends an irritated look before lifting a fist and punching the door.


“Oy! Open the door and eat something you little shit!”


Remus dropped his face into his hands as James set a hand on his shoulder. “We shouldn't have expected anything more, Moony.”


Sirius kicked the toe of his shoe against the bottom door jam. “It took eighteen hours and fifty house elves died making you this sandwich, so you better unlock this door and shove it down your throat! The sandwich, not the door! Shove the sandwich down your throat! Regulus, open the door! You're pissing me off!”


“I almost feel sorry for the kid,” Remus sighed, and James hummed.


Sirius kept the plate clutched in his left hand as he reached into his pocket and pulled out his wand. “To hell with this,” he pointed it at the door handle. 

“Alohamora!”



He shoved the wand behind his ear and reached down to try the handle, but it wouldn't budge, and Sirius furrowed his brow, slowly retracting his hand.


“What the hell?” He pointed his wand down again. 

“Alohamora!

 Why's this not working? Regulus I'm gonna 

bombarda

 your door out of the wall if you don't open it!” He took a step back, both Remus and James started forward with their hands lifted. 


“Sirius maybe-”


“You got three seconds ya prick! One!”


“Maybe I should try talking to him again.”


“Shut up Remus, you guys are the ones who wanted me to do this. Two!”


“We didn't mean blast a hole in the wall!”


“Seriously mate there's probably explosive stuff in there.”


“Then he should open the door. Three!”


Remus and James lifted their arms as Sirius waved his wand up, the spell dying on his tongue as the door to the study swung open, Regulus standing there looking utterly furious.


For a moment Sirius just stood there, slowly lowering his wand, looking as if he absolutely 

hadn't

 been expecting his brother to 

actually

 come out of the room, and now that he had, was completely speechless. That didn't seem to impress Regulus, who bristled with every second nothing happened.


James broke the tension by striding forward and taking the plate from Sirius, walking it over to Regulus and holding it out. “Here, be as grumpy and reclusive as you want, you still need to eat.”


Regulus glared at the sandwich before glaring up at James. “I eat when I want, Potter. You can't just infest my house and break my routine like you're my parent. I'm not hungry. Eat it yourself.”


“But-”


The door shut in James’ face, and he huffed, turning but pausing and setting the plate on the floor beside the door.


“I'll just leave it here! In case you change your mind!”


When he turned, he couldn't help but to note the wince on Sirius’ face as he stared at the closed door, eyes quickly moving to James when he seemed to realize he was being watched.


“He didn't look right.”


James sighed and Remus opened his mouth to say something, cut off when Harry started babbling from the kitchen.


“Let's not worry too much,” Remus decided, turning and hurrying to retrieve Harry as his two friends followed. “Things will be weird for a while no doubt, but who knows? He might warm up to us in time if we're patient and stubborn.”


“We're good at the stubborn part,” James reassured, and Sirius snorted.


“Not so much patient.”


Remus took charge of carrying Harry as James took the plate of sandwiches and Sirius went in search of cups for the juice he and Remus had purchased earlier.


“We have time,” Remus said, but the frown on his lips was concerning. “We have plenty of time.”










Chapter 5



Notes:
I promise we're almost at the Jegulus, I PROMISE.




Chapter Text
James’ mind was on Regulus as he sat on the steps outside the backdoor, watching Harry toddle around the grass with half a sandwich clenched in his left hand, his right hand fisted in the scruff of Sirius’ neck. Sirius, currently transformed into his Animagus form, was glued to Harry’s side and helping him walk.“Do you think it’s smart of him to take that form when Regulus is just inside?” Remus asked from beside James. “He could come out and get suspicious, and Sirius was almost sent to Azkaban once already. If it’s discovered you and he are illegal Animagus-”“I really don’t don’t think we have to worry about that,” James interrupted, rolling a glass of orange juice between his hands. “Coming outside to join us is likely the last thing Regulus would want to do, and even if he did he probably wouldn’t care one way or the other what laws we might be breaking.”He lifted the glass to his lips, pretending he couldn’t feel Remus’ eyes on him, pretending to be surprised when Remus asked the inevitable.“Are you feeling alright?”“Why wouldn’t I be?” James set the glass on the steps near his feet, arms folded over his knees, not removing his eyes from his son as he released his hold on Sirius to crouch down and poke at something in the grass.“Suppose I’ve been asking that a lot, haven’t I?” Remus sighed. “You know we’re both just worried about you.”“I know you are, Moons, but I am fine,” James said stiffly, and the tense tone made it pretty clear that he was the opposite of fine. He felt bad for talking like that, for sounding angry, and tried to calm himself down, rubbing his eyes and shoving his glasses up into his hair in the process. “I’m sorry, I didn’t mean-”“It’s fine, James,” Remus said gently. “We get it. I get it. This is hard for you, and you’re trying to be strong for Harry, but this kind of thing takes a long time to heal from. You can’t just hold it all in, you need to get angry and go through the stages of grief.”James dug the heels of both his hands as deep into his eyes as he could without rupturing them, nails digging into his scalp but hidden by his hair so Remus wouldn’t notice. He kept saying that, Sirius kept saying it too, that he had to go through the stages of grief, that it was okay if he didn’t feel strong, that he was allowed to scream and get angry and cry. It really pissed him off, even if he knew they meant well.“You’ve been there for us through everything, James,” Remus insisted. “Let us be there for you, please. That’s literally all we want, is to be here, to help you, like you helped us.”Loyalty. Did he even deserve it? Did they even mean it? Or were they going to end up like Peter? James knew he was pushing them away because he was hurting, surely they knew that too, because they were pushing back, but what if they got too tired of pushing back? What if James pushed them too far? What if this entire ordeal would simply end in him losing the only people he had left, because he was too scared to let himself heal? To forgive himself and let go of his guilt?“Shut up, James,” he hissed at himself through clenched teeth, so quiet Remus likely hadn’t heard him.James rubbed at his eyes and pulled his hands away, looking up to watch the blurry forms of his son and his best friend romp around the yard. Everything was peaceful, it was pleasantly warm and the air smelt fresh, James should have felt relaxed, safe, and he did, but there was a familiar tingle along the back of his neck. A warning that someone was there, watching them.His head turned to the left instinctively, and he could see something black and blurry sitting on top of the stone cairn fence built around the perimeter of the yard surrounding the cottage. James lifted a hand to push his glasses down back onto his face, and a small black animal came into clarity. A fox, perched on the cairn and watching him with piercing silver eyes.James reached out without breaking eye contact, smacking Remus a few times. “Mate. Moons. Moony. Look. Fox.”“What? Stop hitting me, what are you doing?”“There,” James pointed and turned his head to gape at Remus. “There’s a black fox over there, just sitting there staring at us.”Remus arched an eyebrow and looked over at the cairn, shaking his head and shrugging. “I don’t see a fox.”James turned with an argument on his tongue, frozen when he found the animal was gone. “No it was there, I saw it.” He turned to Remus. “I’m not crazy.”“I didn’t think you were, but you can’t just expect a fox to stay in one place,” Remus argued. “We are backing a forest you know, I’m sure all kinds of animals wander through here.”James lowered his arm, staring over at the cairn. “Guess you’re right. Seemed weird is all. Aren’t foxes supposed to be discreet and good at hiding? It was just… sitting there.”“Maybe it was your guardian angel or something,” Remus yawned, and James snorted at the tired attempt at a joke.“Yea, knowing my luck, a black fox would definitely be my guardian angel.”“Papa!” Harry was toddling towards James, the peanut butter and jam sandwich squished into his fist, something long and light brown in his other fist.“What’s that you got there, Harry?” James asked in amusement that turned to panic when Harry stopped a few steps in front of him, brandishing the snake proudly.To be fair, the snake looked as confused as James felt, hands lifted and choking as he struggled not to start cursing. Lily always scolded him when he cursed in front of Harry.“What are you doing with that?” James managed to say weakly without slipping in a few “bloody”s and one or two “fuck”s like he really wanted to. “Snake.”“Merlin’s pants, Harry!” Remus exclaimed, but Harry just smiled and pulled the snake closer, holding the smashed sandwich up towards the snake’s head.Its tongue shot out as if to eat some of the peanut butter and jam, and seemed ultimately unbothered by the two year old holding it. Sirius was creeping closer, clearly tense, and James wouldn’t put it past him to snap the snake in half, but that would probably just end up scaring Harry, and James couldn’t have that.“Remus, you’re smart,” James said. “Is that thing dangerous?”“It’s a smooth snake, it’s totally harmless,” Remus said, and James felt exhaustingly relieved at that, leaning forward and reaching out with both hands.“Can I have him, Harry?” he asked, and Harry looked at him curiously, holding the snake closer. “It’s okay bud, you can visit him whenever you come outside, but he belongs in the grass you know. He’ll be lonely stuck inside.”Harry looked upset, but didn’t have the sentence structure, didn’t know enough words, to express himself, so he just stood there and moaned in disagreement. “Want.”“Buddy snakes aren’t good pets,” James insisted, reaching out and taking the snake as Sirius nudged Harry with his nose, trying to distract him.It worked, and Harry let go of the snake to instead turn and giggle as Sirius nuzzled his face. James turned and set the snake into the flower bed next to the steps, watching it slither away before sighing and turning, picking up his glass of juice and standing up.“I think we’re done out here, that was fantastic.”“Kid is certainly fearless,” Remus muttered, picking up the rest of the dishes and getting up with James. “You’re in charge of getting him inside, Padfoot!”A half hour later and Harry was slumped on the couch with Remus, half asleep with his head on Remus’ lap as the man flipped through one of the many books Regulus had on the shelves out in the living room. Sirius and James were in the kitchen putting away dishes and cleaning up the best they could.James was somewhat grateful for both the reprieve from his energetic son, and for the moment alone with Sirius, who he’d been wanting to talk with privately. They hadn’t been able to really discuss Regulus, or how Sirius actually felt about the situation, but up until a few hours ago, Sirius had believed his brother to be dead. Worse than that, he’d believed him dead and a Death Eater, loyal to the man who’d murdered Lily and tried to murder James. Now suddenly, he wasn’t. James knew Sirius, he knew it was going to take a while for him to wrap his head around it, but he wasn’t an idiot, even if he acted like he was for amusement; and he did care.“Are you doing alright?” James asked, taking the plate Sirius handed him and turning to return it to the cupboard as Sirius hummed.“Shouldn’t I be asking that?”“I’m not the one whose brother came back from the dead.”“Well he was never dead in the first place was he?”“That’s kind of my point.” James turned to Sirius, leaning against the counter and folding his arms. “You have every right to be upset.”“Why would I be upset?” Sirius asked, and he certainly did sound calm. “Not like I expect anything from him. Not that I care at all. So he faked his death, so what? I don’t care.”James arched an eyebrow and watched Sirius scrub at a plate that was already clean, bowing his head and reaching up to pull his glasses off, cleaning them on his shirt. “Do you remember in first year, when you first told me about your family?”“Do you mean how I told you they were all insane?”“No, you didn’t decide that for a while.” James shook his head. “No eleven year old says they hate their family. You loved them all. That’s what made it so confusing to me, when you wouldn’t open the letter your mother sent you the morning after the Sorting Ceremony. You were scared of her but you still loved her, because you were eleven, and all any eleven year old wants is their mother.” He pushed the glasses back onto his face, Sirius had stopped washing the plate. “All you talked about was Regulus. You wrote him letters every day. He never wrote back that I remember-”“Because he hated me as much as I hated him,” Sirius interrupted, washing the soap suds off the plate and grabbing a rag to dry it.“Don’t tell me you still believe that? Odds are when your mother found out what house you were sorted into, she threatened him not to contact you. Someone who writes to his brother every day is not someone who hates that brother. He didn’t hate you either.”“What exactly are you trying to accomplish with this conversation?” Sirius asked, handing James the dry plate.“Come off it, Sirius, aren’t you even a little bit happy? You thought he was dead, you thought he was evil, but he’s not, he’s good and he’s alive and you have a chance to reconnect with him. Don’t you miss your brother at all?”“No. No I don’t.”James rolled his eyes and put the final dish away before turning back to look at Sirius, shutting the cupboard without looking. “Whether you like it or not he’s still your brother, and I think if there’s even the slightest chance-”“James why are you being so insistent, it isn’t your family that’s messed up, it’s mine, and I’m fine with that! I don’t care! Why are you so convinced that the fool’s good now?”“Because  you’re good, Sirius, and my son and I are supposed to be stuck here for Merlin knows how long, so forgive me if some part of me still clings to the hope that your influence may have rubbed off on your brother at least a little!”“That’s exactly why I don’t like this! He’s a Death Eater, James, Death Eater’s don’t just turn good!”“Then maybe he was always good, have you ever considered that?”“Merlin’s sake! Next you’re gonna tell me Peter only did what he did because he was, what, tortured into it, and you forgive him?”“This isn’t about  him,  Sirius!”“James,” Sirius lowered his voice, reaching out to squeeze James’ shoulder. “Death Eaters don’t stop being Death Eaters.”“And the world isn’t black and white,” James said back. “As messed up as this world is, it isn’t split straight down the middle, it isn’t made up of just good people and Death Eaters, it's not just us and them, there are gray areas. It can be really hard to do the right thing sometimes, but what separates us is the choices we make, and Regulus made a choice.”“He made a choice to join Voldemort.”“He made a mistake,” James argued. “In the end, he made a choice to defect, to work towards the Dark Lord’s defeat. That’s the choice that matters.”Sirius looked like he was in pain. “People are dead,” he said. “Dorcas, Lily, Fabian, Gideon, Benjy, Edgar, Marlene; yet somehow my brother defecting makes that better?”James felt like he’d been punched in the chest, it ached deep into his sternum and he was almost having trouble breathing as the familiar faces flashed in front of his eyes, smiling and laughing and oh so brave. Sirius was right, none of this was better. People died.“I’m not saying we have to forget them. They were our friends, they’re  still our friends,” James said. “What I am saying is we don’t get a lot of good things these days. Shouldn’t we embrace it when it does happen?”“And if this good thing turns out to be a fluke?” Sirius asked, and James stared at him before looking past him at the wall.He had a pretty solid idea of what  he’d do, honestly, but Sirius probably wouldn’t like it.“You’re doing it again,” Sirius said, and James met his eye.“Doing what?”“Holding your chest.” Sirius reached down to take James by the wrist, where he was holding his hand pressed to his sternum. “Can you breathe alright?”“Sirius I can breathe fine,” James sighed, pulling his hand away from his chest and walking past his friend towards the doorway. “I’m tired. It’s been a long, exhausting day.”“You’ve got that right.”“Are you two done fighting?” Remus asked dully without looking up from his book. “I had to cast a silencing charm over Harry so he wouldn’t wake up.”“Sorry,” James apologized, scooping Harry into his arms and cradling him against his shoulder, bouncing on his feet to keep him asleep. “I’m about to put him down now. Are you two-”“We’re not going anywhere,” Sirius said quickly. “I don’t care what Dumbledore says, or what you say, we’re not leaving you and Harry alone in a house with a Death Eater.”James wanted to protest, but decided against it. “Well there’s a second bedroom upstairs then.”“I’ll take the couch,” Sirius decided, eyes locked on the double doors leading into his brother’s study. “Just in case.”“In case what, he goes psychotic and tries to kill us?” Remus asked with as much dull enthusiasm as before, standing up with his book and reaching up to rub at his neck. “Whatever, might as well let him do what he wants.”“Are you talking to me or to yourself?” James asked, and Remus shrugged one shoulder.“Take your pick.”“Goodnight, bloody git,” Sirius snapped after Remus, and James snorted.“I’ll bring you a blanket and a pillow.”“Thanks mate. You get some rest yourself, alright? Tell me or Moony if you start hurting or you can’t breathe at all.”“Sure I will, Pads,” James tried to assure in a relaxed voice that Sirius nodded at, but when James turned his back and started for the stairs he dropped the smile and stared blankly at the floor.Honestly if he ever woke up and realized he couldn’t breathe, he probably wouldn’t try to fix it. At this point? No. Sometimes it seemed like not breathing would be a lot better than what he was dealing with now.









Chapter 6: Chapter 6
    


Notes:
Deepest apologies for the 4 month wait, I suck at this, but I'm already working on chapter 7 so maybe I'll actually be able to wrote and update faster! Wish me luck and enjoy the chapter!




Chapter Text
The cottage in Godric's Hollow was empty, eerie. Sitting on the steps leading to the second floor, somehow James knew he was alone, knew it was a dream, yet another memory, but it felt so different than it usually did. It was all just a feeling in his chest, built in his throat, but something in him told him it was already over, Lily was dead and Voldemort had come and gone. He felt sick, the guilt was consuming, he could barely move, even when he heard footsteps behind him.
“It wasn't your fault.”
James took a sharp breath in, lifting his head and staring at the front door as he reached up to hold the railing, pulling himself to his feet and turning to look up the stairs. She looked exactly the same as that night, still in jeans and a button down floral shirt, one hand on the banister and a smile on her face.
“I tried to give you time to run,” James argued softly with her, unable to tear his attention from her green eyes. “I am so sorry.”
“James.”
“I should have died with you.” He started up the stairs, tried to reach her, pausing when he was halfway up the steps and shaking his head. “I can't do this, Lily.”
The smile looked almost artificial, and James doubted this was really Lily. Of course it couldn't be. Lily was dead. This woman was just the manifestation of his memories. This was the Lily he wanted to remember, sweet and smiling and always assured. The Lily that James knew would do everything she could to convince him it wasn't his fault. He knew that. That's why she was doing this.
“Lily-”
“You have Harry,” she said, still smiling. “You'll be alright.”
“You're only saying that because it's what I think you'd say.” James shook his head. “That doesn't mean it's true.”
“It's not over yet,” Lily warned, yet it felt half hearted with the plastic smile. “Harry needs you.”
“What about me?” James asked, ignoring the feeling of shame that made his chest ache, taking another step up. “I need you.”
Lily took a step back in response to James, then lifted her head to look past him, down the stairs. “Sometimes the only way to find yourself a reason to live, is to find someone suffering like you are.”
“What does that mean?” James asked, then turned to look down the stairs, his breath leaving in a rush when his eyes found the floor below had transfigured into a pool of black water.
The surface was still as glass, not a single ripple disrupted the water, and James stepped slowly down the stairs purely out of curiosity, clinging to the banister until he was at the last step.
“What is this?”
“Look closer.”
“At what?”
Lily chuckled. “The water, James.”
James slowly crouched down to look closer. He expected to be able to see the carpet just a few inches below, but instead he saw a seemingly endless black. The water was clearly much deeper than James had initially assumed, but he was self aware enough to know this was just a dream, and dreams didn't exactly have the same laws of reality as most things did.
“I don't see anything.”
“You're not looking close enough.”
Lily's voice sounded far away, as if she was leaving, and when James looked over his shoulder, he was startled to find she was no longer at the top of the steps. He stood quickly, intending to run up and find her, but fell before he could. His hands jerked in front of him to stop his face from crushing against the steps, then rolled onto his back to gape at the base of the steps where the water was roiling, an arm stuck out of the water and fingers wrapped around his ankle.
The skin was thin translucent white and sagging on visible bone, rotting and peeling, slime smearing on the bottom cuff of his jeans. The water roiled more violently, more hands shot out to claw at the steps, and James cursed, trying desperately to pull himself away, using his free leg to kick furiously at the other hands.
“No, no, no!”
“You just need to find something else to live for,” Lily's voice was behind him, right beside his ear, her hands covering his eyes before he had the chance to turn and look at her. “You're the kind of man who finds strength in the action of helping others, so do that.”
“Lily!”
He was submerged in water before he realized it, arms flailing and mouth gaping open, unable to breathe. He was sure he was dying, until his eyes snapped open and he found himself staring at the familiar, dull ceiling of his bedroom in Regulus Black’s cottage.
James took a deep breath in, his hand already on his chest and fingers digging into his shirt as his sternum ached against his breathing. His head spun as his sat up, wiping sweat from his face and blindly reaching for his glasses.
Harry was still asleep curled up beside him on the bed, James hoped moving wouldn't bother him, slowly standing from the bed and keeping his eyes on Harry until he left the room and moved to the bathroom. It took him a moment of splashing cold water onto his face and coughing a few times until he was certain he was awake and not still stuck in the throes of his dream.
The rest of the house was silent as James left the bathroom and descended the stairs, pausing on the final step and frowning when his eyes fell to the untouched plate of sandwiches still sitting in front of Regulus' study. For an instant James could hear Lily's voice in his ear, scolding the younger man for not eating or taking proper care of himself, and he could swear her residual energy was rubbing off on him, because all he wanted to do was sit Regulus down and nag him about eating proper meals and not being such a downer all the time.
He held back, biting the inside of his cheek to keep his words to himself and flicking his wand to send the plate into the kitchen. He stopped by the couch to check on Sirius before following, noting he was still fast asleep sprawled over the couch and snoring softly, one arm thrown over his eyes and the pillow on the ground, having fallen off sometime during the night. James pulled the blanket bunched around his waist back over him, making sure he was comfortable before moving into the kitchen to dump the untouched sandwiches into the trash and wash the plate.
It wasn't long before Remus joined him, looking more awake and aware than James felt. He eyed James with a frown for a moment before shaking his head.
"What's on your mind?"
"Huh?"
"You've been washing that plate for a good few minutes now."
"Have I?" James stared at the clean plate before quickly rinsing it and grabbing a towel. "Just making sure it's clean, right?"
James looked away so he wouldn't have to see the expression of pity on Remus' face, not even looking when the man set a hand on his shoulder. 
"Go sit outside, I'll make some tea. Fresh air will be good for you."
James didn't vocally answer, putting the plate away and turning without another thought, shuffling his feet as he left through the back door and sat down on the steps there, staring over the yard towards the trees.
He kept trying to remind himself that Remus, and Sirius too, were just worried about him, trying to take care of him so he didn't wither away, but the constant nagging and doting was stifling. Honestly, why couldn't they just let him drown in his memories? It would be so much easier to give in to the pain than to struggle against it just to make his friends happy. What was the point?
When Remus came out with two mugs of tea he handed one to James before sitting down next to him. James silently wrapped his hands around the cup, staring into it as the tea leaves floated on the surface of the hot water.
"Can I ask you something?"
Remus hummed as he drank from his own cup.
"Do you know of any dark creatures that live in the water?"
"Can you be more specific?"
"Grey-ish? Bony? I had a weird dream is all."
"Merpeople are considered dark creatures. Fire crabs, but they aren't really dark. Kappas. Hippocampus can be testy if you don't know how to work with them. Kelpies. Does that help?"
"Not really…"
"What was the dream about?"
James shrugged. "Something humanesque crawling from dark water, I don't know. It looked human. Silly dream, right? It's probably nothing." He lifted the cup to his lips, ignoring the feeling of Remus' eyes on him, attempting to change the subject by smiling at him. "You know you've got a lot of knowledge about these things. You'd make a decent teacher."
Remus rolled his head to the side, a grim smile on his lips. "Ha. That's funny."
"I'm serious!"
"I thought I was Sirius," a tired voice grumbled, and James looked over his shoulder at where Sirius was standing, hair messed up and tired eyes heavy with annoyance.
"Are you? Must've forgotten," James grinned.
"Morning, Pad," Remus chuckled into his mug, and Sirius grunted.
"Bastard woke me up."
"Regulus did?" James asked, feeling hopeful, and Sirius narrowed his eyes.
"No, not him. Dumbledore."
"What's he doing here so early?" Remus raised to his feet, following Sirius into the cottage.
James stayed outside for a minute longer before getting up and following, setting his half empty mug of tea on the counter before meeting the others in the living room.
"What's going on?" James stopped next to Sirius, propping an elbow against his shoulder and leaning against his side. 
"Good morning, James," Dumbledore greeted with a smile. "Did you rest well?"
"Like a baby, what are you doing here now?"
"I came to borrow misters Black and Lupin."
James felt Sirius tense. "What for?"
"There have been sightings reported to me by Kingsley, familiar faces; Death Eaters."
James pressed his lips together and Remus stood straighter. "Do we know where they are?"
"We have their last location. The Aurors are stretched quite thin at the moment, I came to enlist your help to track them from where they were last."
James felt immediately uneasy, leaning away from Sirius. "What about me? Am I going?"
"Ah, Mister Potter, I would like nothing more, but at the moment your priorities are here, with little Harry." Dumbledore smiled benevolently. "I could not bother you to help when you're all he has left."
The unease turned to nausea and James curled his hands into fists at his sides. The older wizard was right of course, James couldn't very well prance off on Order missions when Lily wasn't around to take care of Harry till he got back. More than that, James just couldn't afford to put his own life on the line when Harry was halfway to an orphan already. Still, the idea of Sirius and Remus going alone, without him to help…
"Is there no one else who can go?"
"Unfortunately, the Longbottom's are taking care of their own son at the moment, Kingsley and Alastar both are buried in Ministry work, and the rest… well… I'm sad to say the Death Eaters found them before they could find the Death Eaters."
James felt even more uneasy at that, looking at Sirius, who put a hand on his shoulder. "It'll be alright, mate."
"He's right after all, you need to take care of Harry, and yourself," Remus added. "We'll be fine, we've worked under worse conditions. We'll be back before you realize we're gone."
James had to swallow the argument, snarky comments and the desire to tell Dumbledore to screw off, simply nodding his head in what felt like forced compliance and watching his friends prepare for a mission that would keep them away for who knew how long.
"Try not to miss us too much." Remus squeezed James in a hug before stepping back and letting Sirius engulf James in his arms.
"Keep your wand on you, yeah? Just in case the little bastard turns on you."
"You worry too much, Pads," James chuckled as Sirius pulled away. "He won't. Alright?"
"You're still pretty confident about that, huh?"
"Just trust me," James grinned.
The smile slowly slipped off his face as he watched the three of them leave the house, the door shutting with a click and leaving James alone in the living room.
For a moment all he did was stand there and stare at the doorknob, his mind nothing but a mash of thoughts and worries. At the very back, a lingering voice croaked out what he had to stuff back down his throat so as not to say it in front of Sirius.
"Hard to murder a man when they already wish they were dead."
Would it even be murder at that point? Or would it be considered assisted suicide?
Harry's cries from upstairs distracted James from his demented pondering, fussing about and calling for his daddy. So James turned away with a sigh and hiked up the stairs to retrieve him from the bedroom.
The rest of the day was too quiet, broken only by Harry's occasional babbling as he wandered about, toddling around the living room. James sat on the couch with his elbows on his knees, keeping a close eye on him and flicking his wand to turn Harry when he was getting into something or trying to climb the bookshelves.
There wasn't much that could stimulate the toddler, they hadn't had any time to bring many toys, though Harry was clinging to a stuffed dog toy that Sirius had bought for him. James didn't really know what to do.
Normally Remus and Sirius were there to help keep the boy distracted, it was a lot easier to play with him when there were other people around. Whenever James called out to Harry, trying to instigate a game with him, something painful would lodge into his chest. It felt like a poison had grown from Lily's absence that made it near impossible to play with his son without feeling somehow lonely.
He was becoming a pathetic excuse for a father, but what could he do? All of this happened so fast. James was still young himself, he wasn't prepared to do this alone. He clung to the memory of his parents as tightly as he could, continuously asking himself what they would do in this situation, but it just made him feel worse.
They were gone too, after all. They couldn't be there to help with Harry any more than Lily or her parents could.
He vaguely recalled that Lily's sister was married with a child, but Petunia wasn't exactly friendly, and seemed to hold a special version of despise for James and all magical kind, so calling her for help, especially when Lily was gone, probably wouldn't end well.
James considered the consequences of reaching out to Lyall Lupin, being the only parent currently alive between the three of them, but he wasn't sure how Remus would respond to that. They had a fine relationship of course, but Remus had muttered more than once that the last thing he wanted was to cause his father any sort of problem. James disagreed, knowing fully that Lyall would probably be thrilled if his son relied on him for something, but it probably wasn't his place to say that to Remus.
So James was alone in this, slumped on the couch watching his son hug a toy while he wandered around the living room in Regulus Black's warded cottage, waiting for his friends to return from a dangerous mission and worrying more about them with every tick of the clock hands hanging on the walls.
He wished it was him who had gone, not Remus or Sirius. If he lost one of them, he would break completely, but it didn't matter if he was the one to die during a mission. It didn't matter to him. Even though Lily would be disappointed, and Harry would be an orphan, wouldn't it hurt less in the end? Harry would have a better chance if Sirius were to raise him anyway.
James rolled his head where he had it lying against the back of the couch, watching Harry tug on the knee of his jeans, one fist rubbing at his eye.
"What's the matter, bud, getting sleepy?"
Harry looked up at him, and James felt his chest constrict painfully at the green eyes that watched him. He leaned forward and picked Harry up, leaning back against the couch and letting Harry cuddle against his chest, chin propped against his shoulder and fists curled into his shirt.
Harry mumbled incoherently, not really words, but somehow James could feel he was upset. Most babies got upset for no reason, but James wasn't an idiot.
"I miss her too, kiddo," he whispered, eyes shut tightly. "It's gonna be okay. I know I'm not as good at this as mum was, but I'll do my best. I really will." He ducked his head to bury his face in Harry's wild hair; it needed to be brushed, there were tangles in it.
"How about we take a bath then play outside, huh bud?" James pulled Harry away so he was sitting on his lap, rubbing his nose. "You wanna play outside? I'll show you something fun. Maybe we should play first, then take a bath. If you get cleaned up now you'll just get dirty again." He tugged a lock of Harry's messy hair, making him giggle. "We definitely have to fix this though, oh boy. What I wouldn't give for my old man's hair balm. I'll send Sirius a patronus to pick some up later."
It killed time at least, sitting outside with Harry, brushing out the tangles with minimal fussing as Harry was distracted by the little white flowers in the grass, the pebbles and rocks he kept trying to put in his mouth, and the occasional bug.
"There you go little man." James ran his fingers through Harry's tangle free black hair, ruffling it up. "You're as handsome as me now! What do you want to do now we're done? Wanna take a walk? I bet there's a river somewhere in that forest."
Harry was bouncing and giggling, grabbing the air with his hands. "Pa-foo."
"What's that?" James looked up where Harry was reaching towards, freezing on the spot when he saw the same fox from the day before trotting along on top of the cairn, head low and moving towards the house.
It paused suddenly, as if realizing people were in the yard, head turning and piercing eyes meeting James'. He felt paralyzed, eyes wide as the fox stared at him silently, before flicking its tail and jumping off the cairn, outside the fence.
James found himself standing before he comprehended it, leaning over the cairn and not quite remembering the walk over as he searched around for the creature. It had shown up twice now, as if it frequented the cottage for some reason. James couldn't imagine why. Regulus didn't leave trash out that could attract animals, in fact he didn't leave anything out at all. The place was immaculate. So what brought the little guy around?
"Pa-foo!"
James turned quickly to return to Harry, plucking him off the ground. "That's not Padfoot, silly," he teased, and Harry pouted, turning to look at the cairn fence. "It's called a fox. Pads is a dog. That guy's a little different." James looked at the fence with Harry, shaking his head after a moment and smiling down at his son.
"Never mind. Stranger things have happened to us, haven't they? Remus is right, we're backed against a forest, animals are bound to wander here from time to time." He readjusted his grip on the squirming toddler. "What do you say, Harry? Getting hungry?"
As if in response to the question, Harry attempted to put a flower clutched in his fist into his mouth, and James quickly took it away, making him pout.
"That's a yes. I'll make you some lunch."









Chapter 7



Notes:
As the tags imply, I will be exploring themes of suicidal thoughts through this fic, as well as both sides of it (no one will be killing themselves though). There are a lot of conflicting opinions in regards to this topic, and if you are triggered by talk of self harm or suicide at all then please be aware of it and go into this fic carefully taking the proper precautions to keep yourself safe. Suicide is a very complex and complicated topic and it will be difficult for some people to understand both the thought process of the hurt person as well as the people around them. Some people think it's selfish. Some people don't. It's going to be interesting to explore.




Chapter Text
Three days passed after Remus and Sirius left for their mission. James hadn't heard a word from them, not even from Dumbledore, and Regulus was absent as usual, locked away in either his bedroom or his study. He was in there so often James wondered if he ever ate, or bathed, or if he'd decided to sneak out the window and be rid of James and the entire mess with the Order. At one point, purely out of curiosity, James had walked over to listen through the study doors, and managed to pick up the sound of rustling papers, so Regulus was definitely still there, but for three days? Was he really okay locking himself up?James practically had the run of the house with the younger Black avoiding him like the plague, and he was slowly dying of boredom, switching between reading parts of the books on the shelves out in the living room, sitting and staring at the walls, playing with Harry, and transfiguring parts of his room upstairs to make it a more comfortable living space for he and Harry. He had a toddler to take care of, so he couldn't even take a break and go running through the trees, stretching his legs out as a stag and enjoying the fresh air.Three days and he was starting to lose his mind.Every time he shut his eyes he could see the hooded bastard who'd murdered his wife, and every time they opened he was met with her eyes, but not her. Just Harry smiling innocently with eyes that glittered like his mother's. It was getting almost too painful. James' eyes burned whenever he met Harry's little smile. He was so ignorant to the suffering they'd both been through, scratching the scar on his forehead absently, not knowing what it was, what caused it or what it meant.At night whenever he managed to fall asleep he would have a repeat of the same dream, sitting on the steps of their safe house at Godric's Hollow and staring into the eerie dark water that had replaced the floor, uncertain of whether to move forward or go up the stairs to where Lily was. It seemed like the answer would be obvious, because there was no dark waters or decaying hands clawing at him up the stairs. Moving forward looked so much more daunting than going back to Lily, and every time he woke up from that dream he felt even more tired than when he'd gone to sleep. How long was he supposed to live like this?"What's that, Harry?" James mumbled against his palms, elbows on his knees and face in his hands as Harry tugged on the knee of his jeans. "That's neat, bud.""Da-" Harry still had trouble speaking or saying complete words. Sometimes he managed one or two, then the next day he couldn't get out a word he'd said dozens of times before. It seemed that today he had lost the ability to say "dada". It was cute, watching him grow; but so lonely.James pulled his hands away from his face and smiled weakly at Harry. "I'm here, I'm paying attention." Harry's lips seemed to twist a few times as he tried to decipher how to speak, eventually just holding up his stuffed dog. "Ah, you miss Sirius, huh? He'll be back soon, pal." James reached out to ruffle Harry's black hair. "He and Remus are on an important mission, hunting down bad guys and keeping the world safe. Wish I was with them…"The study doors swung open, making James jump where he was sitting on the couch and look up to gape at Regulus, who was standing in the doorway glaring at him with narrowed eyes. He looked pissed, but James couldn't figure out what he'd done."Re-""I've been listening to you gripe and whine and pace this house for three days," Regulus seethed. "I can hear you lamenting like a fucking child through the walls, do you know how fucking annoying it is?!"James gaped at him for a long moment before standing up. "Well excuse me for being bored out of my mind. There's nothing to do here!""Go on a walk," Regulus said, and James threw his hands up. "I'm not supposed to leave! For my own protection, or that's what Dumbledore keeps telling me at least.""And you're listening to him?" Regulus scoffed, so James waved his hand down at Harry, who was staring at Regulus with fascinated eyes."I have to look after my son, not that I'd expect you to understand that."Regulus narrowed his eyes more. "No, because I didn't get married straight out of Hogwarts and have a child barely out of my nineteenth year.""Well I wouldn't think so. You were too busy shagging the Dark Lord to find a nice girl to settle down with," James responded with a sneer, and Regulus adopted such an infuriated, disgusted expression that James was convinced he was about to be murdered.That is, until the absolutely unfiltered anger bled out faster than an open wound, replaced by a look of shock as Regulus ducked his head to look down at where Harry had toddled over to grab onto his leg, giggling."Wha- what does he want?" Regulus stammered, lifting his hands looking frightened.p>James was taken aback by the rather human expression he was suddenly wearing. Regulus looked vulnerable, his cheeks pink as he watched Harry tug on his jeans. James couldn't keep away the smile that crept onto his lips."He wants you to pick him up," he explained in barely suppressed amusement, and Regulus became even more flustered."No, I couldn't, I can't, I-I've never even been near children before. Make it go away." Regulus tried to push Harry away by sliding him carefully back using just his foot, then pointed. "Stay."Harry just clapped his hands and wobbled right back to Regulus to grab his leg again, cooing and giggling as the younger Black's face went bright red. He looked to James for help, but James just folded his arms."You better pick him up before he starts crying."The concept seemed to frighten Regulus more. "But I don't know how!""Just- fuck, it's not that hard." James walked over and plucked Harry off the floor. "Come on, hold your arms out."Regulus stuttered another protest, but James ignored him as he pushed Harry into his arms, helping him readjust until the two year old was sitting on Regulus' hip, the man's arm wrapped around his little back as Harry clung to his shirt with tiny fists, seemingly pleased."There, see? He likes you already."Regulus still looked terribly uncomfortable as he stared at Harry while the toddler reached up to grab a piece of his black hair. It had Regulus wincing, but he made no move to stop Harry, so James sighed and reached out to help him."Yeah he likes hair, I don't know why. Harry stop that, it's rude." He held Harry's tiny fist until he'd released his iron hold on the lock of hair, which James brushed out of his way, tucking it carefully behind Regulus' ear with an amused smile painted on his lips. It faded when his eyes snapped to the side, meeting Regulus’. Suddenly he felt frozen, as if the silver gaze locked with his was ice, and yet he didn’t feel cold. Regulus didn’t have any malice in his eyes, didn’t look upset or irritated. For the first time since meeting again, Regulus was looking at James, really looking at him, without an ounce of his usual hatred or arrogance. He looked curious, intrigued, and James felt like a deer in the headlights, unable to look away.There was no telling how long they would have simply stared at each other, but Harry was the one who interrupted them by sneezing in Regulus’ arms. James jerked his hand away and took a large step back as Regulus ducked his head to look at Harry. He moved one of his hands towards Harry’s face, pulling the end of his sleeve over his hand and rubbing Harry’s nose with it.James found himself speechless, watching Regulus clean Harry’s nose while the two year old giggled, tending to the toddler in an almost parental way. James’ head began to ache, his vision seemed to blur, and suddenly he was looking at Lily laughing at their son and cleaning his runny nose. He had to blink a few times for the image to settle back where he was watching Regulus, his chest aching and his heart beating so fast he could feel it in his throat.Regulus looked at him, his frown settling deeper. “What?”James blinked again, shaking his head and clearing his throat, stepping forward to take Harry out of Regulus’ arms. “Sorry, uh… I’m going to put him down for a nap.”He said nothing more than that, and he could feel Regulus' eyes on him as he hiked up the stairs. It didn't take long for James to get Harry to sleep, and when he walked back downstairs, Regulus was surprisingly still in the living area, sitting on one of the couches and flipping through a Transfiguration text James had been reading."You're not going to hide in your study again?" James asked, and Regulus shut the book slowly."No," he said simply, and James furrowed his brow."Something the matter?""Aside from the fact I have two freeloaders living in my house?" Regulus asked as he stood up, staring at the ceiling. "I don't particularly care about this, but… can I ask you something?"James felt unexpectedly high spirited and excited about the question, walking closer. "Yeah of course.""Do you remember anything from that night?" Regulus turned his eyes to James, quickly looking away and reaching over to touch his left forearm. "I mean did you see him… die?"James was quiet for a moment as he assessed the question, and Regulus himself. The younger man was standing passively, anxiously, like he was nervous. Like he was afraid of the answer."No." James tilted his head back to stare up. "I remember… we were going to put Harry to bed, it was late. There were still kids out on the street for Halloween. Everything was really quiet, but I think… I felt it just moments before the door opened. I felt the atmosphere shift. He didn't break open the door violently. He just unlocked it with his wand and stepped inside. Lily ran upstairs with Harry and I stood on the staircase to… to give them time to get away." His hand lifted to his chest. "He cast a curse at me, I saw a green light, and the banister in front of me shattered. I blacked out and when I came to, Sirius was there.""They told you he was dead, though?" Regulus asked, and James nodded."He was dead… and Lily…"Regulus looked at him curiously. "You regret it, don't you? What happened that night? Not the fact you couldn't protect her, but the fact you didn't die with her."James felt his body tense up. Regulus was right of course, but why was he bringing it up out of nowhere?"What do you mean?""I can see it in your eyes," Regulus explained, walking up to James. "I don't think my idiot brother has noticed yet, though. The way you act when you're alone, the way you've been acting for the past few days, there's something dark in your head. You may not have died that night, but if you keep acting like this then you'll be well on your way to it."James felt immediately offended. "What the hell is that supposed to mean?"Regulus reached out to jab a finger into James' chest. "It means part of you did die in that house, and the rest of you is just trying to catch up now. You wish you were dead along with that woman, and honestly I can't think of anything more selfish."James heard his blood rush in his ears as his vision went red. "How dare you! You weren't even there that night, the only one who died-""I know who died, Potter. Look-""I'm not the selfish one here, Black. I'm not the one who betrayed my brother and joined the Death Eaters!"Regulus just gaped at James, mouth parted. "Me? Betray him? Which one of us left his fourteen year old brother in that bloody house by himself after deciding to run away, huh?! Between he and I, which one didn't have a choice?!"Now James was the one who felt shocked, gaping at Regulus, who was trembling out of nowhere. James had never heard him yell like that before. Did he really think that? He really thought he didn't have a choice? James never thought about it from Regulus' point of view before, but being left in that house, after hearing what those people were like from Sirius, at fourteen years old?"Reg-""You think your life is such a miserable mess of a tragedy!" Regulus snarled. "You have no bloody idea! Your a bloody fool!" He took a sharp intake of breath and backed away from James. "Your eyes are easy to read, Potter, when there's so much darkness in them, but do you think it's fair to contemplate death that much when you have a kid? Aren't you supposed to be a brave Gryffindor?""What the hell are you talking about now?!""That bastard was right, he's going to come back, and when that happens you need to be here," Regulus said softly.James felt like he was getting whiplash from the conversation. His blood was boiling but he was so confused. He'd never seen this side of Regulus before. He looked desperate, like he was frantic for James to hear him, but nothing he said was making sense. Why couldn't the Black family be a little less cryptic? Sirius could be like this too: over dramatic and theatrical."If you have something to say just spit it out, Black, I haven't got all day."Regulus looked frustrated. "You want someone to put you out of your misery but you're perfectly happy if you have to do it yourself." James felt flustered at the words. "I understand, but you're being bloody selfish. What will happen to your kid of you off yourself and the Dark Lord comes back? He's going to, Potter, don't let the celebration trick you into being complacent.""Which one of us is hiding in a fucking cottage?!""We both are!" Regulus looked like he wanted to smack James. "I know why you feel this way after what happened, but-""Enough! You have no idea how I feel!" James yelled, feeling raw and angry and close to tears.Regulus was right, and somehow James already knew Regulus would have picked up on his suicidal contemplation, but to confront James and say it out loud? James felt blindsided and panicked with nowhere to hide as Regulus bore his most vulnerable pieces.Regulus didn't look angry or upset though. He looked calm and thoughtful as he watched James. “How do you feel then?" He asked. "How do you feel right now?”“I feel angry!” James yelled in answer, his hands raising to force his fingers through his hair. “That's not what I want! I don't want to feel anger, I want to feel…. Something else!”“It might not be what you want to feel, but it's what needs to be felt,” Regulus said simply, and James turned away from him, sitting on the couch.Regulus followed him, but remained standing. “All you've been doing till now is locking yourself up, because you started feeling things you didn't want to feel, because you've felt them too much already and you couldn't deal with them. You want to feel, but you don't want to face the reality of what you're supposed to feel. You're completely refusing to let yourself work through the stages of grief.”“Fuck off already.”“Just because you don't want to hurt, you bury it all and put yourself into a state of stasis, your emotions are on hold because you don't want to deal with them, because you're scared.”“I said shut up.”“It's healthy to be scared, it's healthy to be angry and to cry, it's healthy to want your wife back, but do you really think she'd want to see you like this? Destroying yourself because she died? Wishing you'd died with her?”“I'm warning you, Black.”“What right do you have to decide that?!” Regulus waved a hand towards the stairs. “You're responsible for more than your own life! What would have happened if you had died with her and left your son an orphan?!”“Sirius would have-”“Are you sure about that? You don't think your death would have completely shattered him? You don't think that just maybe he'd come unhinged? Stop being so selfish. That kid up there, that is Lily's legacy. She died to save that boy, your boy, and you're just going to keep sitting there in self loathing, crying over the fact you didn't die with her, stupidly wishing she'd come back to life, when her son is right upstairs needing his father? That is her son, that is who she died for, that is who she loved as much as she loved you, and you're going to spit on her memory by wanting death and leaving him an orphan?!”James was on his feet in an instant, the front of Regulus’ shirt clenched in his fists, holding the shorter man close. “I told you to shut up,” he hissed, feeling so out of control. “What do you know about Lily, huh? You don't know a damn thing.”Regulus glared back in defiance, not fighting the hold. “Anyone with common sense would be able to put together the fact she'd be disappointed to see you acting like such a whiny baby.”James’ eyes were wild in anger. "You think I have no right to want to die? My wife is gone! She's dead! You didn't see what I saw, Black, you didn't have to face Vold- that man! You didn't have to take a curse to the chest and lie there listening to your wife scream! Tell me I don't have a right, you cowardly fucking snake!”Regulus pushed himself closer, getting right in James’ face. “You don't have a right." James looked maddened, ready to punch Regulus, who continued quietly. “What pain did you feel when your parents died? Do you want your son to suffer like that?” James visibly hesitated, and Regulus lifted his hands slowly. “I didn't witness what you did, and I didn't live through what you did; but I went through my own trial, so don't judge me until you know me.""Is there anyone alive who actually really knows you?" James asked, and Regulus held his eye contact with a steely glare.The sounds of Harry crying forced James to release Regulus, glaring at the younger man for a moment before passing him to retrieve his son. He'd barely been down thirty minutes, all the yelling must have woken him up. James felt absolutely exhausted as he picked Harry up to hush him and calm him down, descending the stairs once Harry had stopped sobbing and finding Regulus in the kitchen."Now what are you doing?" James asked cautiously, half worried they'd start yelling at each other again. He didn't want to yell anymore."I'm making supper, what does it look like?" Regulus said, pulling out cooking utensils and food. "I'm hungry, and it's late.""Oh…" James was somewhat surprised. After days of hiding in his study, now Regulus was walking around his place as if James was just a minor obstruction."Are you going to help or not?" Regulus turned with a knife in his hand, and James couldn't tell if he was being threatened or not. "If you're going to be a freeloader you're going to pull your weight.""What am I supposed to do with that?" James asked, and Regulus pointed to a cutting board with the knife."Chop the fucking vegetables, Potter.""Oh," James blushed, setting Harry up in his highchair and ruffling his hair before walking over to take the knife from Regulus.They worked silently beside each other, and while James kept expecting Regulus to bring up the argument they'd been in the middle of, he remained quiet. James really had no idea where to go after yelling at each other. Especially considering the topic. How did Regulus pick up on it so easily when he'd been in his room the entire time James had been there?"Do you have cameras in the living room?" James asked suspiciously, and Regulus gave him an almost cute look of bafflement."What's a camera?"James opened and closed his mouth before looking back down at his work. "Guess not. Never mind.""Focus on your task, Potter. You don't want to cut your fingers off because you got distracted."James winced, lips pressing tightly into a thin line as Lily's voice laughed at the back of his head, standing at the counter at Godric's Hollow and chopping vegetables while she tended to Harry.'Don't cut your fingers off, James, that would ruin the soup.'"Yeah," James whispered, ignoring the searing heat of Regulus' gaze on the side of his head. It didn't matter anyway.









Chapter 8





Chapter Text
They ate in silence that night, with only the ticking of the clocks and Harry's occasional babbling to break it. Regulus turned out to be a pretty decent cook, though James couldn't imagine who would have taught him. The food was bursting with flavor, and James was honestly in awe of it. James himself was a pretty good cook, learning most of his skills from his mother, but it seemed that even without some kind of teacher, he and Regulus were equals in the kitchen. It was both impressive and infuriating, but at least they wouldn't starve.After finishing the meal, James was the one who picked up the dishes to bring them to the sink. He expected Regulus to snap at him when he reached out to take the empty dish in front of him, but Regulus said nothing. So James brought the dirty dishes to the sink and put a pot on the stove to warm water for tea. He brought over two cups, sitting one in front of Regulus, if only to be polite, and they fell back into the same silence. James tapped a nonsensical rhythm against the porcelain of his cup, staring into the dark liquid and letting his mind wander through their previous argument. He was curious about a lot, how Regulus could have picked up on his lows and why his eyes were so empathetic, but he wasn't sure how much he could ask Regulus before he got skittish again and ran off."Before now, were you in your study to hide from Sirius?" James asked, shifting his eyes to look over at Regulus, who was staring down at the table."No." He answered simply, and James sat straighter."Really? Because it kind of seems like you waited three days to come out of your study because you were making sure he was gone.""Your mental instability is making you imagine things.""Fuck you, first of all. You're even talking to me now. What's that about?."Regulus lifted his eyes to glare at James. "Well if you want I can just go back in my study.""That's not what I meant. This is your house, I'm just a guest. You can go wherever you want and do what you want; and you can talk to me if you want." Regulus snorted as if the comment was amusing, looking down again and picking his cup of tea from the table. "I was busy is all. My idiot brother had nothing to do with it.""Why were you busy then? What were you doing?""Not that it's any of your business," Regulus said. "I was studying something.""You know we're not in school anymore, right?""It was important," Regulus stated with a firm glare, then looked away. "I said it before, stay out of my study.""Hey it's not like I intentionally invaded the first time, you're the one who didn't lock the door.""Whatever."James glared at Regulus, who was sipping his tea indifferently. He still seemed guarded and hostile, but he was still sitting at the table despite having finished his food, having something that resembled a casual conversation with James. That had to be a good sign, right?"So you haven't been hiding to avoid Sirius then?" James tried for clarification, and Regulus set his cup down."I don't care nearly enough about him to go out of my way to avoid him."James hummed, observing Regulus with a keen eye and tapping the side of his cup, sitting straighter in his seat and smiling over at the empty doorway. "If you say s- oh, hey, mate, Sirius, I didn't know you'd be back so soon! How was the Order mission? How's Remus?"Regulus jolted as if he'd been hit by the Cruciatus Curse, his eyes going wide and his already pale face tinting yellow as he slammed his knees into the bottom of the table. He fumbled to get to his feet, accidentally knocking over his cup so dark tea would spill across the table.James propped his elbows on the table and folded his hands, arching an eyebrow as Harry laughed and clapped his hands while Regulus stared over his shoulder anxiously. After realizing James was just messing with him, his face went red and he dropped back into his seat."Not avoiding him, huh?""Talking with him wasn't in my agreement," Regulus argued. "Dumbledore never said I had to, I just had to let you stay here. He never said I needed to play nice with the rest of them.""Calm down, I never said you had to either." James leaned back in his seat, pulling his wand from his sleeve and flicking it to clean up the spilt tea. "Look, Sirius will definitely be around a lot since I'm here." Regulus scowled and James folded his arms. "He's been really on edge since what happened a year ago, and he still thinks you're loyal to You-Know-Who.""I'm not," Regulus said, and it was actually the first time he'd admitted it out loud. "I am not loyal to the Dark Lord, and I never was."This brought a rather uneasy feeling to James' stomach, fingers digging into his biceps as he furrowed his brow. "So you're going to sit there and tell me you didn't want the Dark Mark? That you didn't want to join the Death Eaters at all? If you didn't then why did you? Why didn't you run away like Sirius did? It wouldn't have been that hard you know."Regulus stood up, the chair legs scraping across the floor as he stared at James with a dead eyed look. "Contrary to popular belief, I am not Sirius; and I don't have to explain myself to you."James wanted to say more, wanted to call Regulus back to the table, but the younger man wasn't going to talk if he didn't want to. It felt like James had gotten nowhere with him, and it was utterly infuriating. Why did Regulus have to be so difficult? Why couldn't he trust James? He'd always been standoffish and wary around James, even during school, but it was like he'd gotten worse. Something must have happened to make Regulus even more skittish than he had been as a child, but James wasn't entirely sure he wanted to know what.The following few days were slow and uneventful. The only positive advancement was that Regulus was more open about moving around his house. James tried not to comment on it every time he left his study for something. As much as he felt the urge to tease Regulus with a "look who decided to show up", James was certain if he made a big deal out of something so simple, then he'd never see Regulus again. So they didn't speak much, though James caught Regulus staring at him more than once before turning sharply and slinking back into his study.They started to eat together on a regular basis, though Regulus was still almost completely silent when they were at the table. Usually he just watched as James tore up pieces of bread for Harry to gnaw on with the few teeth he had, or observe the toddler as he played with spaghetti noddles instead of eating them. It was almost nice to see how curious Regulus was of Harry, and even if the only reason he left his study was to see the baby, James didn't mind.He still tried to make small talk with Regulus each time they were in the same room together, despite knowing it wasn't exactly in the other man's nature to have a vague conversation about the weather. He exhausted every topic he could think of trying to find a good base to work off. School, the weather, the little cottage; anything James could think of."Does it snow around these parts?""I don't know.""Do you know if the outlet store nearby has baby toys? I need to get something to distract and stimulate Harry, he's terrible when he gets bored.""I don't care."It was days before James finally received a decent answer from Regulus. He was sitting on the couch in the living room as Regulus stood at the bookshelf, pulling down hardcovers and reading the covers before putting them back. He seemed to be searching for something specific, and James couldn't help the way his eyes lifted up to the plants hanging from the ceiling."What do you have all these dried herbs and leaves hanging for?""They're potion ingredients." Regulus said, flipping through a book and snapping it shut. "Obviously.""Oh, you study potions?""Did you think they were for decoration?"James ignored the sarcasm. "What potions do you make?""What I need to," Regulus answered simply, and James rolled his eyes."I mean do you make healing tonics? Draught? Poisons?""I said I make what I need. Why are you so interested in my inventory?"James had to ponder that a moment before it made sense. "You sell them?""Where did you think my money came from, Potter? I can't exactly enter the Black vaults in Gringotts.""I don't know about that. I'm sure Sirius-" James clamped his mouth shut as Regulus tensed up. James was learning quickly that Sirius was a sensitive topic for Regulus. He chose to take that as a good sign, though, because Regulus so clearly didn't hate his brother. Mentioning him was painful for Regulus, because he truly loved his brother, but James knew Sirius was still suspicious. Maybe they could find common ground eventually if given enough time, but honestly James wasn't entirely sure how much more pain Regulus could handle.He was already so standoffish and skittish, James could rarely get close to him without Regulus not so discreetly shuffling away to put distance between them. Sometimes James could get away with small things, like brushing his shoulder against Regulus' while cooking together, or his fingers grazing the back of Regulus' hand when he was being handed something, but James was yet to get further than that. The trust was hard gained, and James was still fighting for it.Harry took a long time to put down for bed that night. All the rocking and lullabies wouldn't get him to stop giggling or babbling, and it took an hour to finally get Harry to calm down, finally falling asleep with his dog plushy in his arms, snoring softly as James tucked blankets around him before standing back.

After confirming that Harry was truly asleep, James wandered over to the window to check what stage the moon was. It appeared to be half full, and James couldn't help how his mind wandered to Remus and Sirius. They'd been gone so long now, without any Patronus message, or Owl, and the anxiety, the not knowing if they were okay, was almost overwhelming. Not even mentioning it would be the full moon soon. What were they going to do? Could Sirius look after Remus on his own?James felt the overwhelming need to talk to someone. It's what he was used to, being able to simply turn to Sirius or Remus and talk to them about his worries until he felt better. He couldn't do that now, because his friends weren't there, but he still needed to talk to someone. He needed to rant about how worried he was, how scared he was of losing anyone else. Especially his closest friends; especially after losing his beloved wife. Maybe Regulus wouldn't listen, but that just meant he wouldn't repeat James' rants to anyone.

Even if Regulus just sat there barely acknowledging James, sitting hunched over his desk as James paced behind him in a paranoia, he needed to express how anxious he was, get out all of his stress through his words. Regulus probably wouldn't even care, honestly, that James was worried about Sirius and Remus, but it didn't matter. James didn't need a conversation, he just needed someone to rant to, just to get it out. So James made sure Harry was comfortable before hiking down the stairs two at a time, going over to Regulus' study doors when he reached the ground floor and rapping his knuckles against them."Hey, Reg, are you in there? Are you awake?"When there was no immediate answer, James reached down to test the handle, startled to find it was unlocked. So he cracked the door open and peered inside, disappointed to see the room seemed to be vacant. When he poked his head inside, he could feel a certain atmosphere that seemed eerily unusual, not so much malicious as it was strained, so James opened the door wider, stepping inside the room to look around.The pensieve was floating just out of the cupboard where James had seen it the last time he'd been in the study, bobbing in the air softly. In the cupboard behind it, James could see shelves of glass vials in different shapes and sizes, all holding a blue wisp that seemed to glow; memories, bottled up for future use, in case Regulus needed to recheck something or make sure he was remembering something correctly.The cauldron in the fire was bubbling, giving off an earthy, musty scent that wasn't entirely unpleasant. That, in addition to the herbs and open potion books sitting on Regulus' desk, as well as the pensieve, made James think perhaps the younger man was trying to remember how to make a certain potion. Which would make sense in regards to the discovery that Regulus brewed and sold potions.A large part of James was telling him to back out of the study and find Regulus, ask what he was doing and ask if he needed help. It was insanely rude to just stick his nose into someone else's privacy. His curiosity eventually got the best of him, though, and he wandered closer to the pensieve. He glanced around the room once just to confirm Regulus wasn't in the room, then looked down into the water. It looked like Regulus had already deposited a memory, but the image that wavered on the surface of the water had James catching his breath.It was a familiar basin carved of crystal and stone, sitting in the middle of a black body of still water. A duplicate of the image James had been seeing in his nightmares every time he shut his eyes. He had wondered where the basin had come from, because he'd never seen it before he started dreaming of it, but as he stood in the study James was absolutely mortified to realize that this basin had come from Regulus' memories.James reached out to grip the edges of the pensieve, ignoring the nagging voice at the back of his mind telling him not to invade on Regulus' memories without talking to him first, but he let his curiosity and desperation to know the truth control him, ducking his head to enter the memory face first.A rush made his head spin, and when he opened his eyes, he found himself standing in what he vaguely recognized as Grimmauld Place, Regulus and Sirius' home. James had been there only once for about half a day, it was probably Walburga's one and only attempt at accepting James, so he didn't have many memories of the place, but he still recognized it.

The room itself seemed eerily dark, all the lights were off and heavy curtains had been drawn over the window. There was a grand fireplace just in front of him, ablaze with orange flames that acted as the only light source. Kneeling in front of it was Regulus. He looked younger in the memory, so James imagined whenever this memory had taken place, it had been a while ago. Despite his clear youth, his eyes seemed aged, as if he'd seen far too much. His face was pale, and there were heavy bags beneath his eyes. His hair was shorter and neater than it was now, sleek and ink black, reflecting the orange glow of the flames in an almost ethereal way. Beautiful, actually. James crept closer, until he was able to make out discolored skin, bruising and scrapes on Regulus' face and hands. Anger coiled in James' gut.

Regulus was wearing all black: a high collared shirt with dress jeans and well kept shoes, and there was a cloak around his shoulders that secured at his chest with a silver snake head clasp. The Black families house elf, Kreacher, was crouched on the carpet in front of Regulus, clinging to the younger Black's cloak. Sirius used to complain about Kreacher a lot, how he was nasty and vile and didn't ever listen to him. He used the shred up Sirius' Gryffindor school clothes, then hide behind Walburga when Sirius tried to tell her. He was a bad mannered house elf who didn't know how to follow orders is what Sirius said, so James initially thought Regulus was scolding him. That is, until he heard the pathetic whimpers from the house elf and noticed how badly he was trembling, squeezing the material of Regulus' robes with his gnarled knuckles and bony fingers. He looked terrified, but Regulus appeared calm."Master Regulus mustn't go. Kreacher is fine, Kreacher is-""No." Regulus' voice was stern, and the way he said that one word held something so daunting in it that James shivered. Regulus reached out to Kreacher's hands, gently prying them away and lowering his voice to a softer note. "I can't do it anymore, not after this. It won't stop, Kreacher, not unless someone does something. I knew he was involved in something inhuman, but I had no idea... it took me weeks to realize. I've already lost too much time. This needs to be done and I need to be the one to do it.""If they find you they will kill you.""Don't worry," Regulus whispered, and James felt his blood run cold at the absolute emptiness in the younger man's eyes, "there won't be anything left to find."When he stood up, James stepped back, watching Regulus pace over to where a vanity was sitting against the wall with various knick knacks and framed photos sitting atop it. James paced a few inches closer to see what the younger Regulus was doing. He couldn't help noticing some of the items on the vanity, which included a few framed photos. One of them, James was almost delighted to find, was a family photo of just Regulus and Sirius. They were still young in the photo, but if Regulus had it displayed like this, then he must have considered it very important. Of course. James already knew Regulus loved his brother.

Regulus was rummaging through a small ornate silver box decorated in green gems, eventually lifting out a simple chained necklace that held a Slytherin crest pendant on it. When he went back to Kreacher, the house elf coiled away from him."Help me duplicate it, Kreacher. You saw it, I didn't. What did it look like?""Master-""If you won't help me on your own then it's an order. This needs to be done. No one else can do this, it has to be me. If I don't do this, millions more people, Muggle and Wizard, are going to die. We need to do our part."Kreacher still trembled as he wrapped his hands around the pendant, pulling them away once he was done to reveal a geometric locket the shade of amber. It looked ancient, but somewhat familiar, and James realized with a start that this was the object Regulus had given Dumbledore; the Horcrux.Regulus moved to his desk after thanking Kreacher, not bothering to sit as he tore a scrap of paper from a larger document before picking up a quill and leaning over his desk, scribbling something down. James tried to get closer to see what he was writing, but Regulus was too quick, standing straighter once he was finished and folding up the little paper before setting it in the locket and shutting it with a click, then hiding it in his cloak and turning back to Kreacher."Now bring me to the cave.""What about the Mistress? The Dark Lord? They will know-""I don't care anymore." Regulus reached over with his right hand to grip his elbow, nails digging into his arm. "There's nothing more they can do to me, Kreacher. To either of us. There is nothing left, don't you understand? I... I'm the only one who can do this. I'm the only one who doesn't care what it will take to do this. If I die... or worse... it needs to be done."He then held his hand out to coax the house elf closer, and Kreacher shuffled forward reluctantly, grasping the material of Regulus' jeans."This is the right thing to do." Regulus promised, and Kreacher bobbed his head."Master Regulus is a good man."Regulus gave a laugh that sounded almost cruel. "No. I'm a coward."There was a crack as Kreacher disapperated, James' vision blurred wildly as if he'd apparated with them, and when his eyes came back into focus, he found himself standing on a cliffside. The ocean around them was roaring, the foam was blindingly white contrasted against the black waves that crashed into the rocks, sending salty ocean spray up into their faces. James lifted his hands to keep his glasses clean, turning to Regulus and watching him stare out over the water before quickly turning."Where's the cave?""Through here." Kreacher ambled towards the rock wall, setting a hand against the wet stone. "How do we get in?""For the door to open, it requires a sacrifice." James felt his heart launch into his throat, looking at Regulus in horror as he stepped closer."What sacrifice?""One of blood." Kreacher held his hand out. "In the thought that physical pain and malady will weaken you before entering.""A blood sacrifice, what else would it be?" Regulus whipped the wand from his robes, looking down when Kreacher held his arm out. "You don't need to do that.""But-""This was my decision. I was the one who put you in danger. There's no need for you to hurt more than you already have.""It is my duty to serve those of the House of Black.""Not like this." Regulus put the wand against his hand, jaw setting and the corners of his eyes wrinkling in a wince as he drew it across his palm, splitting the skin apart until blood began to drip down to his wrist.James wanted to jump forward and grab him, to bandage the wound, but was helpless as he simply stood there. He was lost in Regulus' memories as the young wizard reached out to smear his blood against the rocks. There was a low rumbling as a door formed in the cliff wall, leading into the darkness of the cave beyond. Regulus lit the tip of his wand and stepped inside with Kreacher and James following.The edges of his memory grew fuzzy as they stood at the edge of a lake, the water so black it looked like a mirror of a starless night sky. Regulus must not have remembered the boat or the way they reached the little island sitting at the center of the lake, but an instant later that's where they were. Standing at the same basin made of dark rock and crystal that James had been dreaming about for months. In the bowl sat the glowing green liquid, the thing from his nightmares that also haunted Regulus' memories."This is it?" Regulus asked, his voice almost too loud in the cave, and Kreacher gave a nod, patting his chest."Kreacher will drink the potion. A creation of the Dark Lord, it cannot be charmed away, it must be drunk.""No." Regulus looked back at Kreacher. "I'll do it.""But-""Don't argue with me," Regulus scolded, and Kreacher folded into himself as the younger Black crouched down again. "Listen to me." His voice was gentler, as if he was talking to a child, and he set the locket in Kreacher's hand. "Force me to drink, even if I beg you to stop. Force every last drop down my throat, then switch the lockets. Take the real one home and destroy it with your magic. Do not tell anyone about this. Not the Dark Lord, not my mother, you are to tell no one.""What about Master Regulus?"Regulus seemed to ponder it as he looked back at the basin. "Leave me here.""Master-""This is an order. When it's done, leave me here."Kreacher looked devastated as Regulus got back to his feet, stepping up to the basin and reaching for the small shell sitting on the edge of it. He seemed to hesitate, dipping his hand into the potion and lifting it out clean and dry."What is it like?" he asked."Burning." Kreacher said. "Your insides burn, and you see terrible-terrible things.""I see." Regulus murmured, dipping the shell into the potion and lifting it up. "So nothing new then."He managed to drink two shell-fulls of the potion by himself, but when he had the third in his hand he started shaking, clinging to the edge of the basin and curling over it with a painful jerk, teeth grit. The shell clattered from his hand and he collapsed to the stone around the basin, his body curling forward and his hands clutching his stomach as his body convulsed. Kreacher ambled towards him, hands on his shoulder, and Regulus reached out to grab his wrist, his voice gritty and rough."Make me drink it, force it, it needs to be done.""I will- I will-"Kreacher retrieved the shell and dipped it into the potion, one hand grabbing the back of Regulus' hair to keep his face up as he poured the liquid into his mouth, waiting for him to swallow before going back for another.Watching it was torturous on an entirely new level, something James had never witnessed before. These memories, what really happened in the cave, Regulus convulsing and curled into himself, crying out in pain and clawing at the stone beneath him as his house elf grabbed handfuls of his hair to keep his face up and forcing the potion into his mouth.Even when Regulus began to beg and cry, tears staining his pale face and silver eyes red, whimpering and trembling with a hand clutching his gut, Kreacher forced the potion into his mouth and down his throat, until suddenly it was over. There was an amber locket sitting at the bottom of the basin, and Kreacher swapped it for the duplicate as the potion almost instantaneously refilled.Then he ambled back to Regulus, who was curled into the fetal position, twitching and convulsing and gasping. He was holding his stomach with his hands, choking with tears staining his face. He looked half alive, still crying as Kreacher stopped beside him."No more," Regulus waved a weak hand at the house elf. "Please, make it stop. No more of this, I can't do it. I'm not strong enough, please."James felt himself sink to his knees, helpless as he lifted a hand to his mouth to stop himself from making noise. As if Regulus' memory would even hear him."It is done, Master. We did it."Regulus slowly lowered the shaking arm, looking up at Kreacher with unfocused eyes, bobbing his head in a nod and reaching out to touch the locket hanging from the house elf's hand. He swallowed thickly, turning his face into the rock and panting, gripping his stomach."Good… then go.""Master Re-""Water." Regulus lifted himself onto his hands, dragging himself down towards the edge of the lake and collapsing to his elbows once he reached it. "Thirsty. I'm-""Master!"Regulus had barely touched the water when a hand shot out of it, and James fell back in horror. It was thin and translucent, white, skin hanging decayed from the bone. They were the hands from his nightmares, clawing from the lake with broken nails that dug into Regulus' arm, tearing at his sleeves and clawing strips of flesh from his skin. James could visibly see the red of his blood as it hit the rocks, his ears ringing as Regulus screamed.The younger Black struggled for a moment, nails breaking as he clawed the rocks, but he seemed too weak to pull himself to safety. The waters all around were roiling as wet, rotted corpses crawled out onto the little island to grab onto any part of Regulus they could, dragging him towards the water."No, NO!" James found himself screaming in vain, frozen and helpless as Kreacher moved unexpectedly.James had never heard of the house elf breaking a direct order, especially one given by Regulus, but suddenly he was reaching between the dark creatures to grab onto the young man, and another crack echoed in the cave.James was dizzy and lightheaded, sitting in what seemed to be a snow bank, though he couldn't feel the cold. Looking around, he could barely recognize Diagon Alley, and Regulus was curled up with Kreacher patting his hair, shaking and coughing and cursing."What have you done, what have you done, Kreacher, you fool!" He managed to grit out the weak words that should have been louder. They should have been a scream, but they were shaky and whispered and desperate.Regulus fell back into the snow, boneless and shaking. And James' vision seemed to be blurred due to Regulus' foggy recount of the memory. The door in front of them opened with a crack, and a disturbingly familiar voice spoke."This is a surprise. A young Black is half dead on my doorstep." Shoes crunched the snow as the man came closer. "You know in lieu of how much I hate your brother, I should just leave you here to die of frostbite."James felt a protective burn in his chest as he hissed and dug his fingers into the snow he couldn't even feel, watching as the wizard knelt beside Regulus; his hair was pin-straight and inky black, skin as pale as the snow with dark eyes. It was a familiar face James recalled from his school days, always next to Lily, always muttering hexes and curses under his breath: Severus Snape."Seems like something interesting is going on, though. My help comes with a price, Black. Get up. There may be something I can do for you.""Bastard, don't touch him!" James flung himself forward, hands wrapping around Snape's throat just as the memory cut out and he found himself falling heavily onto the carpet in Regulus' study, gasping for breath and gaping up at the ceiling.He couldn't seem to get a good breath in, and his vision seemed wavy at the corners. His cheeks felt heavy, lifting a hand to wipe at the tears he didn't realize were there. His entire body seemed weak as he fumbled around onto his knees, lifting his head and freezing when his eyes clashed with silver in the doorway.Regulus looked mortified, his skin white and his eyes wide, jaw locked and lips pressed so tightly together they looked pale rose. His fingers were digging into the door frame, knuckles white; he looked terrified."Regulus," James whispered the name, and the younger Black spun away so fast James almost faltered. "No! Wait! Just wait!"He gave chase as soon as he was on his feet, following Regulus through the house and out the back door, freezing only once when the light of the half moon caught on Regulus' black hair. James' mouth dropped open in shock, watching the younger man transform before his eyes until he was darting across the yard towards the tree in the small form of a black fox."Animagus?" James gasped, narrowing his eyes as he jumped off the porch, hitting the grass on all four legs of his animagus form and bolting into the trees as a stag.He was faster like this anyway.It took a minute to find Regulus, he was so small and dark in this form, and the moonlight barely made it through the branches of the trees, but the instant James had Regulus in his sights, he ran faster. He wasn't going to let the idiot escape, especially after that. He had too many questions, and more importantly than that, he just wanted to wipe away that expression of absolute terror and fear. James had no idea where he was when he finally started to slow, searching for Regulus as his heart pounded against his rib-cage. He seemed to be at the foot of the hills backing Regulus' cottage, halfway up in a clearing surrounded by outcrops of rock and towering trees with twisted branches. There was a little creek that James had to jump over, telling himself to remember this place for the next full moon when they ran with Remus. He changed back, pulling his glasses off to clean them on his shirt and turning around."Regulus!" He shoved his glasses back onto his face. "Regulus just talk to me! Please! What was that? In the pensieve? That wasn't really your memory-? No, it was. It was, wasn't it? That's why you ran."He stepped further into the clearing, searching the ground around him and looking around trees, hoping to catch the younger Black before he could run off again. The cliff cut them off from moving further, unless Regulus was planning to sneak around James and backtrack to the cottage. James wanted to stop him before he did that."Listen, I'm sorry! I didn't mean to- okay yes I did, I absolutely meant to look into the pensieve, but it's not what you think! I wasn't trying to be nosey, I just- I recognized that stone basin. I'd seen it before, and I realized it was something from your memories, and I just got curious. I swear I never meant to invade your privacy!""What do you mean you've seen it before?" A soft voice asked, and James spun around, lunging forward and reaching a hand out to grab Regulus before he could duck back behind the tree he'd been hiding behind.He gave a soft noise of surprise and James backed him against the trunk of the tree, fingers curling around his wrist and setting the palm of his other hand against the tree, trapping Regulus and leaning over him."Got you."Regulus gaped at him, still appearing shaken and frightened. His lips were parted as if he wanted to speak but couldn't, and he quickly ducked his head to stare at their shoes as James leaned closer."Regulus-""You said you'd seen it before," Regulus whispered. "How? Where?"James hesitated. The thought of confessing about his nightmares made him feel uneasy, vulnerable, and probably sounded ridiculous, but he needed to find some kind of common ground with Regulus. So he sighed."I… nightmares. I keep having the same nightmare. Ever since that night." Regulus glanced up without lifting his head, silver eyes watching James cautiously through the veil of black hair and eyelashes."I see that basin, that potion, that lake… I never knew why, I still don't; but when I saw it in the pensieve, connected the dots that it was from a memory, your memory, I got desperate. After months of dreaming the same thing, I find out it's real? I needed to know. I'm sorry."Regulus dropped his eyes and turned his head away to stare off to the side, and James sighed again."I understand that memories are intimate pieces of you. I invaded something deeper than your privacy by looking into a memory without even asking. Especially a memory like that." Regulus' face seemed to tighten, his lips twisting up in agony. "That really happened to you. What was it? That potion? Regulus." James moved the hand against the tree trunk to instead touch Regulus' face, gently, just enough to turn his head, their eyes meeting. "Are you okay?"Regulus looked like he was breaking, struggling to keep himself together, his hand trembling under James' fingers. He looked scared. There was no other way to describe it other than fear, panic. James was putting Regulus on the spot, trying to convince him to talk about something clearly traumatizing. Was Regulus even used to it? Having someone he could talk to? How long had he been keeping this, and every other horrible moment in his life, buried in his mind, left to rot away his psyche like a disease?"You can trust me, Reg. I won't tell anyone else. I swear to you. I'll vow it. Talk to me, please. Tell me what's going on." James struggled not to raise his voice, but he felt desperate, clinging to Regulus' wrist as if the young man would disappear the moment he let go."I don't know what it's called." James was almost shocked when Regulus actually spoke, his head hanging as if in defeat. "The potion. I don't think it has a name. He made it. He created it."Voldemort…"It couldn't be something good then," James noted, and Regulus shook his head. "Why did you do it?"Regulus took a shaky breath in. "He said he needed help with something. I thought nothing of it, my mother offered Kreacher and I went along with it. What could he possibly be doing after all? Then Kreacher apparated into my room hours later, writhing in pain. He told me… the Dark Lord brought him to a cave, made him drink poison that made his stomach burn and gave him horrible hallucinations. It hurt so much he couldn't move, and the Dark Lord left Kreacher to die there, but the Dark Lord… he has a weakness. He underestimates things he considers weak, like house elves. He put a charm over the cave that makes it impossible for wizards and witches to apparate in and out, but a house elf has a different kind of magic, it's more powerful than ours, and Kreacher was able to come home and tell me what happened."I worked it out, because he was too proud of himself, he boasted of immortality, of being unable to die. He was creating Horcruxes. It took me weeks to figure it out, so much research. I had to teach myself a new language so I could read the right texts. There was no other reason to put so much work into protecting a cave, if it wasn't to hide one such Horcrux. I made a fake, ordered Kreacher to bring me to the cave. I was angry that anyone would do what the Dark Lord did. To abuse and hurt an innocent like a house elf; my house elf. I couldn't stand it." His hand curled into a fist. "I have so little already, so little that I cherish. Kreacher may be bad tempered and vile, but he was kind to me if I was kind to him. He was there. I owed him. I did it out of spite, not because I'm a good person. I'm not a good person. I betrayed the Dark Lord, I stole his Horcrux and swapped it for a fake, because he dared to try and kill something precious to me, and I couldn't let him get away with it."I was ready to die then. I thought I would die. It hurt more than I can describe, I couldn't even move, as if my internal organs were burning. Eyes open or shut, it didn't matter, I laid there hallucinating memories and visions that broke me to pieces. I told Kreacher to force feed me the potion, then leave and tell no one what had happened. I ordered him, but he-""He couldn't just leave you there," James whispered. "You were kind to him, always kind. Even doing what you did, it was to defend him. You think that doesn't make you a good man?"Regulus seemed to swallow his nerves. "I didn't betray the Dark Lord because it was the right thing to do. I didn't do it because I'm a good person, or because I'd somehow changed my way of thinking. I did it because he touched something that belonged to me, and it infuriated me."James laughed a little. "I know you didn't change your way of thinking, because this is exactly who you've always been. You were compliant no matter what they did, but the moment they came after something close to you that you cared about, you fought back. You don't care what happens to you…""Why should I?" Regulus lifted his head, his expression dull. "I told Kreacher to leave me there because I knew if I survived then it wouldn't be long before they found out what I'd done. Die in the cave or die at the hands of the Dark Lord, do you really think it was a hard decision to make? But Kreacher disobeyed me! I gave him a direct order, this is the first time he has ever disobeyed me!""Has he shown up since? I would have imagined he'd be around."Regulus hesitated and dropped his head again. "I told him to go and not come back, to not tell anyone about me.""I see. Well, at least he's listening to you now."Regulus shut his eyes as if trying to block out a bad joke, shaking his head. "Doesn't matter now.""He's dead now, Regulus. You don't have to be scared of him coming after you."Regulus gave a cold laugh, opening his eyes to glare at James. "He's not dead," he whispered. "His powers were most definitely depleted that night, but he's not dead. He can't die, James. Not until all the Horcruxes have been destroyed."James didn't answer, too taken aback at Regulus using his name. Regulus didn't seem to notice him short circuiting, staring down."Dumbledore managed to find me, despite how hard I tried to hide, despite the protective spells and warding over my home. He still found me. That means others can find me."James shook his head. "What others?""What do you think?" Regulus scoffed. "You think I'm the only Death Eater around? Tell me something, has the Ministry hunted them all down yet? Bellatrix, Rodolphus, Rabastian, Dolohov, Greyback, Travers, Rosier, Mulciber, Nott; have you found Pettigrew? Or Barty?"James felt sick. This was so similar to the conversation he'd had with Sirius. As different as the brothers were, things like this, the things they worried about, were so similar."It hasn't even been a year since his assumed death," Regulus said. "People are being murdered left and right. You, Remus, Sirius. You're the only ones left.""That's not true," James quickly argued. "We've still got dozens on our side, and right now we're only fighting Death Eaters. What do you think Remus and Sirius do whenever they're gone? They're hunting them down with Alice and Frank, working with Alastar Moody and Kingsley Shackelbolt. Everything's going to be fine, and if you're worried they'll find you, don't. It won't matter even if they do." James squeezed Regulus' wrist, his other hand pressing firmly against his cheek. "I won't let them touch you."Regulus just stared at him with a frown, and there was something tired in his eyes. "Do you think you'll have a say?"James felt something like fear choke him, his chest aching from a familiar scar that should have killed him, and a terrible memory, the sound of his wife's screams in his ears. He pressed Regulus' wrist against the trunk of the tree and leaned closer, the younger man's eyes widening in surprise as James pressed their foreheads together."I failed once already," he said, squeezing Regulus' hand. "Don't make the mistake of thinking I haven't learned my lesson."Regulus narrowed his eyes, not so much in warning as mild irritation. "I'm not a damsel you need to protect, Potter.""I never said you were.""Then why are you looking at me like that?""Like what?""Like I'm your dead wife come back to life?" James winced. Regulus pulled his wrist out of his grasp. "I'm not your second chance. I'm not a replacement or an extra.""I didn't say that," James whispered, suddenly incapable of speaking louder, feeling panicked."No?" Regulus pushed James back, then turned. "Just leave me alone."At first James thought he'd actually let Regulus go, but his compulsion forced him to reach out again, grabbing Regulus, who paused in his steps and sighed."That's not why I'm doing this! I'm in as much danger as you are because of what happened that night! My son is in danger, and I don't even know why! You'd think if I had the time I would focus completely on him, right?!"Regulus looked back at him, clearly irritated. "Then why'd you run after me?"James winced again, thinking of Harry, tucked into the bed on the second floor, how he'd spontaneously ran after Regulus and left the two year old sleeping alone in the house. He abandoned his sleeping son to chase a fox."Because I'm not a good person either," James decided finally, his grip on Regulus going slack. "I'm selfish."Regulus eyed him for a moment before pulling his hand away again. "Be selfish about something else."James watched him turn away and start back for the house, stuck to the forest floor by lead feet, until Regulus looked back at him."Hurry up or I'll lock you out of the house."James felt startled, before the pain in his chest seemed to lift, and he gave a crooked smile, nodding and following behind Regulus.