Chapter 1: Part 1
    




Chapter Text
Time passed. Weeks went by. Then months. And all the while, Regulus hid. Winter had ended by the time he finally ventured outside Sirius’s house. It was necessity that had driven him to it. His supply of food in the kitchen had run out, and while Regulus was sure more food was kept in the pantry, the door was one of the last vestiges of Sirius’s original wards that still clung to life. Regulus found the door magically sealed and had no idea of when it might finally fade. After three days of starving himself, Regulus finally relented. From the few times when visitors had knocked on the front door, Regulus had determined that the wards had faded to the point where he was now able to leave the house. But would he be able to get back in? Without a wand, he couldn’t be sure. So the first time Regulus left the house, he propped the front door open an inch or two. The second time he left, he did so through a window, which was less noticeable when left agape. At first Regulus was utterly lost. He had no wand, and no money. So he did the only thing he knew how to do. He went home. It was hours of weary wandering and a ride from a strange muggle in a car, but Regulus finally made it to his parents’ corner of London only to find that Grimmauld Place was locked to him. At first Regulus thought he might cry with exasperation. Had his parents removed him from the wards of his own home so soon after his disappearance? Were they so furious with him for running away? Regulus bit his lip and hugged his arms to his chest. He must have been a pathetic sight, standing like this in front of the muggle street. His parents hadn’t removed Sirius from the home’s security when he’d run away. And they’d hated Sirius. Had Regulus really upset his mother and father this badly? A thought occurred to Regulus that the process may have been automatic. After all, Sirius had stopped his heart with that god awful potion. Regulus had been legally dead for several minutes, long enough most likely for Walburga’s tapestry and other family devices to see him as deceased. Regulus rubbed absentmindedly at his left forearm. He’d felt no summonings since his “death,” either. “Mum!” Regulus yelled, stepping forward and slamming his fist against the door. He was still a wizard, so Grimmauld Place was visible to him. He honestly had no idea what he must look like to any muggle driving by. “Dad!” Regulus kept yelling and knocking, but there was no answer. Were his parents not home? Were they ignoring him? Had something become of them? For a moment Regulus was consumed by the very real fear that the Dark Lord may have already discovered his betrayal. After all, his stint in the cave had been less than a year ago. Had his master realized what he’d done and come after his parents in retribution. Regulus shook his head. How ridiculous he was being! His parents were probably just out. He would come back and try again later if he dared. Thinking of his old master had stirred fear in Regulus and he became acutely aware of how obvious he looked. Anyone would recognize him. He pressed his body up against the front door of the house, trembling. Suddenly the immense weight of everything struck him all at once and he let out a dry sob. Sirius was dead. Just the fact that Regulus was standing here meant that the last trails of his brother’s magic had faded from the world. Regulus didn’t know where his parents were, they could be dead for all he knew. And his brother… ...his big brother was really dead. Dead and gone. Regulus would never see him again, and as much as Regulus hated his brother, he still loved him. He loved the brother he remembered from years ago, the brother he’d idolized in his head, the few moments of sweetness Sirius had shown him even after their whole sordid affair had begun. Regulus let the tears fall until he felt his breath lodge in his throat. Gasping, he finally straightened himself up. As deep in despair as he was, there was sill a spark of determination within him. If he was going to die, then he wasn’t going to starve to death on his own front step. He would recover his wand and he would set right his life. But first he needed to find something to eat. So Regulus staggered about until he came to a muggle food store staffed by only one clerk who seemed quite inattentive. Regulus sat down outside and waited. When there was a significant-enough number of customers browsing about the shop, he slipped inside and pocketed all he could carry. Getting back to Sirius’s house was no small feat. Not knowing where he was, Regulus had to ask for directions. He approached the next person he saw who looked like she would give him the time of day. “Gods, you’re trying to get all the way over there by foot?” demanded the woman when Regulus told her Sirius’s address. “Take the bus, dear.” “No money,” Regulus mumbled. The woman frowned. “Well then wait here with me for a minute. My friend’s coming to pick me up in half an hour and I’m sure she’d be fine with giving you a ride.” Regulus was too tired and hungry to protest. This first day of travel was so hard on Regulus that he didn’t again try to return to his parents’ house. The journey was too far to make safely, especially when he was defenseless and potentially being hunted. Regulus tried to make his pitiful haul of food last as long as possible. When he could stand the hunger pangs no longer, he finally ventured outside again, this time at night. He stared longingly through multiple store windows but was ultimately too scared to risk anyone catching him. He had been lucky the first time. So he staggered back home hungry again. With what felt like knives digging into his stomach, Regulus tossed his brother’s bedroom, looking frantically for any spare coins. Finally, after rummaging through a dozen drawers and turning out the pockets of all of Sirius’s trousers, Regulus found several galleons and a sickle. He knew the muggles valued gold a far sight more than wizards did. Perhaps he could trade these coins for their worth in muggle money, which he could then buy food with. Regulus’s plan with the galleons worked, and after a long day of wandering and asking for help, during which many people gave him pitying looks, he finally made it home with what would hopefully be enough food to last at least until his brother’s pantry door finally relented. After that Regulus bunkered down. He was terrified that he may have been spotted by an enemy during one of his outings and spent several weeks convinced that he would wake to either the Aurors or the Death Eaters preparing to kill him. But they never came. Eventually Regulus was able to brute force his way past Sirius’s ever-weakening wards and access the canned goods in the pantry. Regulus knew he couldn’t stay hidden in this house forever, much as he might prefer that. He needed to get back out to the real world—the wizarding world. He needed to figure out what was going on and he needed to contact his family. As terrifying as the prospect was, he needed to alert his parents to the fact that he was still alive. He needed to know what was happening in the war. But he was unwilling to present himself to the wizarding world without his wand. Even traveling back to Grimmauld Place to try again to contact his parents would leave him uncomfortably exposed. He was helpless as he was, and try as he might, he could not locate his wand. Sirius had to have hidden it somewhere in the house, and the house was not that large, so how much longer was Regulus going to have to hunt for it? With his luck, Sirius would have the thing locked behind more magic, and who knew how long Regulus would have to wait until that magic faded? For now he waited in the house, biding his time, sleeping on the couch to stave off the nightmares that plagued Sirius’s bedroom. Regulus was terrified of this house, but it was all he could be certain of right now.
 Months more passed, and Regulus finally located his wand. It was in the pantry, he was sure of it. Hidden behind the wine rack was a small safe nestled snugly within the brickwork. Regulus had not noticed it until he’d given in to temptation and removed a cheap bottle of merlot, revealing the device behind it. Regulus couldn’t open the safe without the combination, but he could feel his wand behind the small, metal door. When he gripped the handle he could feel his wand reach out for him. It was there. He just needed to get to it. “Found you,” Regulus said with a small smile. Things would be okay now. He would get into the metal wall-box eventually. Now he had a clear goal in mind that he could work towards. Then, when he was once again armed, he could see about getting his life back. Sirius didn’t have many potion supplies in his home, detesting the subject as he had, but he had enough for any respectable wizard. And so Regulus set to work. Potions had never been his forte, but he’d always been competent, and now, like a prisoner serving life, he had nothing but time to make sure he got everything just right. “Spider, spiders, spiders,” Regulus muttered, sifting through jars in Sirius’s cabinets and looking for the next ingredients he would need. The lock on Sirius’s safe was not magical. It was a muggle contraption. And so the lock would not fade no matter if Regulus waited a century. So he was going to have to open it with force. He was going to blow the damn thing open. And he knew just the potion to throw at it. “Here you are,” Regulus popped the cork on a small bottle of dead cross spiders and lazily poured one into his bubbling potion. It simmered and turned a violent orange. Perfect. Now all he needed to do was wait. The prospect of once again being armed was a little bit daunting at the same time that it was exciting. Regulus would have no more excuses to keep hiding here. He would have to face whatever music was waiting for him. Regulus tossed and turned that night. He’d been too excited to fall asleep easy. His blasting potion was almost ready to go, sealed up in a vial on the counter. In a few short days, he’d have his wand back. Regulus had to really try to get to sleep, and when he did, he slept fitfully. His dreams were beset by nightmares not unlike those that had attacked him the nights he’d attempted to sleep in Sirius’s bed. Harsh hands and harsher words. A grip tight on Regulus’s throat and an immovable weight covering his whole body. All of it holding him down, but the words most strongly of all. Words so cruel and so frightening and so real that Regulus felt he could not escape them, even if his body were free. His legs could run, his mind could not. Everything was dark while Regulus dreamed. He never saw. He could hear, though. He could hear an unforgiving ocean threatening to swallow him whole. Distant shouting, and the feeling of sharp rocks spilling out over the ground, cutting him. There was so much lightning all around him, crashing and exploding and— A loud bang woke Regulus from his uneasy slumber. For a moment, he was disoriented and unsure if he’d heard the sound or dreamed it. When only silence persisted, Regulus sank back down onto the sofa, breathing heavily. He was about to close his eyes again when he heard it. A voice, calling softly to him, almost gently. “Oh, Reggie...” Regulus skin tingled. He knew that voice. Knew that voice better than he knew his own. But it wasn’t possible, was it? No, it couldn’t be. “Regulus...” No, no, no. He had come to terms with everything. He was free. His life was going to get back on track again. He had loved that voice. He had cowered before that voice. He had grieved for that voice. He had been certain he’d never hear it again. But here it was, smooth and commanding as ever. And right on the other side of the front door. As if pulled by the strings of a marionette, Regulus lifted himself from the couch and approached the entryway, barely breathing. “Please let me in, Regulus,” Sirius cooed through the door. Regulus shuddered. Intrigued, almost possessed, he drifted down the front hall. Sirius’s voice continued to filter through the door, pleading, demanding. Regulus could feel his skin crawling. He slid up to the door and reached out a trembling hand. He let his fingertips rest upon the cool wood. He could almost feel the door vibrate with each word Sirius murmured. “Reggie, my little one. I’ve missed you so. Open the door and let me come back to you.” Regulus stood there in the dark, shaking. Sirius’s voice was so close to him, just on the other side of the front door. He could hardly believe it. It had been months...no, years. Sirius had left him over two years ago. Could he really be back? Regulus narrowed his eyes. This seemed to him to be some horrible trick. He had assumed Sirius long dead… He had thought he was free… A rising panic took hold in Regulus’s mind. Sirius couldn’t still be alive, could he? Regulus retracted his hand from the door as if it had burned him. He took a frightened step backwards. He had thought Sirius dead, but here he had returned. If it was truly Sirius on the other side of that door, then...Regulus could almost cry with misery. He’d had two years to run, to hide. And yet he’d stayed here, in Sirius’s house like a sitting duck. Wand or no wand, he should have run! And now Sirius had come back for him and it was his fault he’d been caught! Regulus took another step back, but it was difficult. Sirius was still talking to him, and his voice had an almost tangible weight to it. His soft commands wrapped around Regulus’s body and they tugged. They pulled at his feeble resistance, drawing him in. 
Don’t open that door…
 “Open up, Reggie...” Regulus panted. Was he safe in here? He should open the door immediately if he wanted to avoid making Sirius angry. But what if Sirius was locked out for good? Sirius’s wards had faded, but they hadn’t disappeared. The home was still magically locked. The powers had only lessened, weakened just enough to no longer recognize Sirius as the caster and allow him entry. Regulus’s heart was racing. How difficult would it be for Sirius to get in past these diminished wards? Would he just have to wait, as Regulus had? How long? Minutes? Days? Hours? Perhaps he wouldn’t be able to get in at all? Regulus trembled. He didn’t want to let Sirius in. If he was truly safe in here, then he wanted to leave Sirius outside. But if Sirius stood a chance of getting in without Regulus’s help, then he would be so furious at Regulus for not opening the door. “Regulus, I’m not going to ask you again.” By this point Regulus’s fingertips were brushing up against the handle. “Answer me, Regulus.” Sirius’s voice was getting harder. The ethereal qualities were fading, leaving only a frightening coarseness. “Are you unable to open the door?” Regulus blinked. Did Sirius think Regulus was still trapped inside the house? That he couldn’t open the door? Under Sirius’s care, the wards had blocked Regulus from leaving the building via window, door, or any other opening. Of course Sirius wouldn’t know for certain that the magic had weakened so far as to allow Regulus to leave. Was Sirius even certain Regulus was still inside? Wild thoughts entered Regulus’s mind. If he just stayed silent, then maybe he could convince Sirius that he had escaped. Or that he had starved to death inside the house. His fingers ghosted about the handle some more. Maybe Sirius would leave. Give up. Go elsewhere. Seek his vengeance against whatever force had weakened him these past two years if he hadn’t been dead. “Reg?” Sirius asked softly. His voice was so small and so...young, that Regulus started. His fingers knocked gracelessly against the handle, jostling it. The door didn’t open, but the sound of the handle moving had been loud against the silence of the night. Regulus’s breath hitched. He couldn’t see his brother, but the image of Sirius’s face twisting into a predatory grin burned itself into Regulus’s vision regardless. “Ah, I can hear you, Reggie.” The age came flooding back to Sirius’s voice. Gone was the sound that had reminded Regulus so forcefully of his brother as he had existed when they were children. Returned was the man who had held Regulus captive. Hurt him. Used him. Claimed to own him. “If you tell me why you aren’t letting me inside, Regulus, then I may be lenient with you. But you need to answer me now, little brother.” Regulus stumbled backwards until he hit the wall. He tightly closed his eyes, wishing desperately for this to be a mistake. A delusion brought on by isolation. A trick by the Dark Lord to trap him. Anything but what it seemed. Sirius sighed loudly from the front steps. “Fine, be a brat,” he conceded. “It’s really no matter… “I’ll get inside eventually.” Regulus felt hot tears spill from his eyes. “And when I do, you’ll be very sorry, indeed.”









Chapter 2: Part 2
    


Summary:

Sirius's wards are strengthening again.



Notes:
Part two. Originally this was only going to be a two-parter. But then it got monstrously long so now it's three parts.




Chapter Text
Regulus was so upset by the reappearance of his brother that he didn’t eat for two days. Every small noise set him off. He had drawn all the curtains closed and spent most of his time pacing around the kitchen, throwing anxious glances towards the potion vial on the counter. It was still simmering a violent orange, making Regulus more panicked by the minute. He wanted to leave here, but now that Sirius was possibly waiting just outside the door, there was no way he would be safe without his wand. Hiding was no longer an option. Regulus needed to be able to defend himself. But could he even protect himself from Sirius’s returning specter? Regulus shuddered. In his mind his brother was strong, superhuman even. Part of Regulus’s brain had never shaken the image of Sirius as he remembered him from childhood: always larger, always stronger, and always a few years ahead. Regulus’s potion began to sparkle. A cold bead of sweat zigzagged its way down Regulus’s face. It was no good standing here staring. With tremendous effort, Regulus managed to drag himself to the bathroom, where he showered and redressed in some of Sirius’s old pajamas. For a brief moment on his way down the hall, Regulus paused and stared back at Sirius’s bedroom door. A chill ran up his spine and he dashed to the living room, where he settled down on the couch again, praying for a dreamless sleep. Sleep didn’t find Regulus easily. A million thoughts were racing through his head. He still couldn’t decide if he believed his brother to have truly returned. There was still the possibility of a trick of some sort. Could it be that the Dark Lord had discovered him to still be alive? Was he attempting to draw Regulus out of the house? Regulus thought he might honestly be going crazy. He let out a low whine and covered his face in his hands. Suppose he hadn’t actually heard Sirius’s voice at all? Was it so far-fetched that he would start hallucinating after everything else that had happened? That Regulus’s brain would torment him with the voice of his renegade brother? Slipping in when his defenses were weakened and taunting him with that gentle, but threatening voice Reggie, are you awake?
...Reggie?
 “...Reggie, I know you’re not sleeping in there.” Regulus sat bolt upright. The house was pitch black save for the pulsing glow of Regulus’s potion as it finally cured to its final, dull red color. Regulus staggered to his feet with half a mind to go to the kitchen where his vial sat, humbly illuminating the dirty counter. But his brain was foggy and his movements were slow… ...and he would have to walk past the front door to get there. Slowly and cautiously, like a drunk trying his hardest not to fall, Regulus shuffled across the carpeted floor, feeling himself shiver with anxiety as he made his way to the front door. Petrified, he leaned forward and listened. There was definitely someone outside. Regulus could hear his brother scurrying about, tapping at the side of the house, testing the wards, looking for a weak point. Unable to breathe, Regulus stumbled backwards and dashed to the living room window. He was all but in a blind panic. All he knew is he needed out of this house, right now. He’d take his chances that it was all a trap and that there was a battalion of Death Eaters lying in wait, ready to snag him as he tried to flee around the other side of the house. He’d have to risk that it was really Sirius, and that his brother would hear him exit through the window and run over to catch him in an instant. He just had to get out. But the window wouldn’t open. Regulus tugged, and yanked and pounded his fist against the glass, but to no avail. The window wouldn’t unseal for him. It was warded. The wards were no longer weakening...they were strengthening. Which could only mean one thing. It wasn’t the Dark Lord outside his door, trying to lure him out. It wasn’t a trick of his mind, tormenting him with Sirius’s voice. It was Sirius. Sirius Black was alive after all. He must not have been killed, as Regulus had assumed, but rather weakened. Somehow so hideously weakened that the very spells he’d cast in life had begun to dissolve. Only now he was back, uninhibited by whatever force had maimed him so seriously...and with Sirius Black’s recovery, the wards had regrown, as well. Regulus Black was once again trapped inside this home. He couldn’t open the front door for his brother now even if he’d wanted to. And he didn’t need to. The wards would grow to recognize Sirius once again as their caster. They would allow him entry. Regulus wrapped his arms around himself and cowered in fear. A long few seconds passed and then he heard it. That click. The sound of a door handle rotating fully before the door actually swings open. “Yes, that’s right. Been waiting long enough...” The front door opened with only mild resistance, its foot dragging heavily against the carpet, crumpling up and brushing aside the entryway rug. In the dark of the room and the dark of his own mind, Regulus could not see his brother as he stepped inside the doorway. But he could feel him. And Regulus had nowhere to run. The messy, dark silhouette that was Sirius Black shifted slightly, and Regulus knew his brother was turning to look at him. Regulus didn’t need his eyes to see that nocuous smile spread over Sirius Black’s face. He knew it was there, and he knew what it meant for him. Regulus started to inch away from the wall, not entirely sure where he was even trying to go. “There you are, my little one. You know, Reggie...you’ve been very bad, ignoring me like you have. Trying to keep away from me? When I’ve come so very far just to see you again?” Regulus heard the rustling movements of Sirius Black walking towards him. Regulus began to pant. He felt like he was at an enormous disadvantage. How was it that Sirius seemed so confident in the dark? How could he see Regulus so well, adjusting to Regulus’s flighty movements and still making a steady line towards him? And Sirius was moving so slowly...not because he needed to, but because he knew he had won, and now he was playing games. He marched slowly towards Regulus, stalking him. A minute later, with his back flush against the wall, Regulus felt the air around him shift, and he knew Sirius was right in front of him. Then Regulus felt Sirius’s cold fingers ghost at his cheek and he lost it. Regulus screamed and took off sprinting. He felt Sirius stagger as Regulus knocked past him in a blind panic. And so truly blind was Regulus’s fright that he passed the front door without a backwards glance. Instead he crashed his way down the hall, terrified that Sirius was following him. Regulus threw himself to the one door in the house he hadn’t touched since Sirius’s disappearance. The closet. Regulus closed himself inside the tiny room, panting. He crouched down with his arms wrapped around his stomach, trying to be quiet and hoping against hope that Sirius wouldn’t find him. But find him Sirius did. Within moments, Regulus’s panting was quieted by the most dangerous voice his brother has ever adopted: a sort of vicious murmur, all sweet and cruel. “Naughty, Reggie. Hiding from me. I’ll decide when you spend time in this closet and when you spend your time...elsewhere with me.” Sirius yanked open the closet door, at the same time flicking on the lights. Regulus fell forward, shaking and blinking furiously at the onslaught of light. Pupils trying frantically to constrict, Regulus crawled forward, slipping just from Sirius’s grasp and staggering down the hall. He couldn’t well see where he was going, where was the front door? He felt his way along the wall, knocking pictures off as he went. The door was close… But Sirius got to him first, snagging him securely around the waist and literally throwing Regulus back towards the living room. The house was still quite dark here, with just the mildest of glows emanating from the hall. Regulus rubbed at his eyes while he stood. Sirius’s foreboding silhouette was blocking the front door and Regulus ran the opposite direction, back into total darkness. Regulus felt Sirius snag him by the back of his collar. Regulus shrieked and tore free from him, sprinting towards the kitchen and the only light he could see: the faint, red glow from his vial. “Enough of this!” Sirius hollered. “Regulus, you come here, right now!” Sirius’s voice sent Regulus even further into his frenzy. “Please, please, please,” he begged, tears streaming down his face. “Siri...please don’t be mad at me. I—I didn’t mean to. The door—the wards—Sirius please don’t hurt me!” “When have I ever hurt you, love? I’ve kept you safe, haven’t I? Come here, honey.” And Sirius was upon him again. With his strength and courage failing him, all Regulus could do was whimper and writhe. Sirius had ahold of him by the arm and the throat. Regulus could feel his brother’s fingers constricting around his neck, somewhat weaker than he remembered, but still more than enough to overpower Regulus’s devastated, frail body. “Settle down,” Sirius scolded. With the last of his energy, Regulus swept his free arm wildly across the counter. He felt the sharp pain of his forearm connecting with something...his vial! The potion crashed to the floor and exploded an instant later. In the brief flash of light, Regulus saw his brother’s face clearly. Sirius was sickly and his skin taut. He looked beaten and feral, and in his eyes was an expression of both anger and shock. The force of the explosion sent Sirius careening backwards into the kitchen, crashing his head against the cupboard and his back against the counter. Sirius hit the floor with a thud and didn’t move. Regulus was also blown backwards, into the living room, where he landed a little more gently on the carpet. His hands, face and chest felt like they were on fire, the potion had singed his pajamas and he was seeing starbursts. “Sirius?” Regulus cried, crawling onto his hands and knees, unable to fully stand. He felt like he was going to throw up. “S—Sirius?” But Sirius did not answer him. Shaking uncontrollably, Regulus reached his arm up the wall until he found the light switch. As soon as the kitchen lit up, Regulus’s eyes found his brother’s limp form. Sirius had ragdollized in the corner of the kitchen, surrounded by broken glass and the sizzling remains of Regulus’s carefully crafted potion. This was Regulus’s chance to run. This was his moment to escape… ...but what about his wand? This was also his chance to grab it but Regulus’s potion was gone. How was he going to get inside that safe? Sirius! Regulus could steal Sirius’s wand to retrieve his own. It was perfect, but Regulus would have to approach his brother to do so. And he wasn’t sure he could make himself do that. Regulus sat on the floor for a good while, biting his nails and unable to stop staring at his brother’s body. Sirius’s wand was of a similar make to his own...perhaps Regulus could just abscond with his brother’s wand for now rather than mess around in this house a moment longer. Regulus crawled forward to his brother’s side, a sliver of worry creeping into his heart. Had he killed his big brother? Oh god, what had he done? “Siri...” Regulus whimpered. He took his hand, scratched and bleeding from the glass on the tile, and placed it gently on Sirius’s chest. To his immense relief—and also to his extreme terror—Regulus felt Sirius’s chest rise gently. He was breathing. “Oh, Siri...I’m sorry, I…I need...” Regulus raked his eyes over Sirius’s body. His brother was quite thin and his normally sleek hair had dulled and dried. His robes were frayed and skin was dirty and chapped. What had happened to Sirius during his absence? Regulus slid his hand over and felt the frantic beating of his brother’s heart, like a rabbit hidden in its burrow from a hungry eagle. Regulus opened his brother’s robes and felt his shirt and trouser pockets...nothing. He turned out the pockets of Sirius’s robes. Nothing. Sirius Black did not have his wand. Regulus slumped in confusion and sorrow. What was he going to do now? He would have to leave. Wand or no wand. He didn’t have time to risk staying here any longer. If he could not arm himself, then he would just have to take his chances on the streets. Even unarmed and weakened, Sirius was too much for him. Regulus knew he could not withstand his brother’s words...he would cave to Sirius’s manipulation. No, Regulus would go now. He gently pulled Sirius’s robes back over his chest, as if he were tucking in a child. “I’m sorry, Sirius,” he said again. “I’m going to...leave you here. And I’ll...I’ll call for a healer or...I’ll tell Mum and Dad. If I can find them. They’ll know how to help you. I won’t...I won’t get you in trouble, I’ll...I’ll...” But Regulus had no more words. He wasn’t sure what he would do, anyway. Sirius was lying broken and bleeding on his kitchen floor, and Regulus was just going to dash wildly out into the streets? This was such a mess. “Goodbye Sirius,” Regulus whispered. And he started to stand, only to be stopped by a cold grip on his wrist. Regulus squealed in shock. “Morning, Reggie. Looking for something?” Sirius sat up, raising an eyebrow. Regulus cowered. He was caught. Sirius heaved himself up and crawled over his brother, trapping him on the hard floor of the kitchen. “I see you still haven’t learned to behave,” Sirius observed. His weight bore down on Regulus, pressing him harder into the floor and the glass. Regulus felt the hot remains of his potion pooling against his shoulder. “Come with me,” Sirius said sternly. He got unsteadily to his feet, and Regulus saw a light trail of blood seeping from his brother’s temple. Sirius was coming back to himself quickly, though. He pulled Regulus up and dragged him into the hallway. Regulus saw they were heading towards the bedroom and he tried vainly to tug himself free. Sirius turned back sharply and slapped Regulus smartly across the face. “Enough,” he snarled. “You’re getting on my last nerve.” “Siri, please.” But Sirius only pulled Regulus along, throwing him onto the bed and closing the door behind them. Regulus rolled onto his side, shivering. He’d stayed out of this room to avoid the nightmares of this very scenario. But now he was in a nightmare. A permanent, real nightmare. Sirius was shuffling around in the closet. When he reemerged, Regulus was horrified to see he was twirling an ebony wand.“W—what is…?” “Mother’s old wand. The one she set aside years ago in her study as a spare...I thought it would make a lovely parting gift the night I ran away. After all, Mother and I always had such...annoyingly similar magical signatures. I think this wand will do fine until I can wrangle my own back.” Regulus saw the world blurring as more tears pooled in his eyes. To think a usable wand had been within his reach all this time! Sirius left him for a moment, and Regulus felt his heart sink to the floor when he heard his brother chanting the familiar words that would repair the house’s security wards. Regulus was trapped again. Once more his hesitation had cost him his only chance of escape. But what escape? What chance had Regulus really stood? He tried to picture himself running around the streets of London, wandless, starving and frightened. What was he thinking? That he would have been able to run home to his parents? That the Dark Lord would ignore that stupid note he’d left in the cave forever? Regulus rolled onto his back. His stomach was doing flips, but his heart was thudding madly. He could hear Sirius’s footsteps as he made his way back to the bedroom. With a casual flick of his newly acquired wand, Sirius opened the bedroom door and approached his brother. Regulus had his eyes closed, but he heard the bedroom door slam shut, and he could feel the mattress shift as Sirius sat down next to him. Then there was hair tickling his face. Sirius was leaning over him. “Reggie, my dear...we’ve a lot of catching up to do, don’t we?”









Chapter 3: Part 3
    


Summary:

Sirius and Regulus return home.



Notes:
Remember how I said this was going to be three parts long? Well my inability to edit myself has come back in full force so we're looking at four parts now. I'm not surprised and honestly, you shouldn't be, either. This will probably get some minor edits later on when I get the final part up. Happy holidays, everyone. Let me know what you think!

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
Sirius had been rough on him. Regulus had thought his brother’s behavior had been unbearable before, but just days after their reunion, he found himself longing wistfully for the time before that fateful Halloween when Sirius had first disappeared. Sirius was stunningly desperate now, as if he feared each time he lay with Regulus might be his last. Sirius was recovering from his physical ailments fast. Regulus watched his brother’s skin slowly heal, his hair regain its shine, and his muscle tone begin to tentatively return. After a nervous month of food and rest, Sirius seemed almost like his old self again. Regulus, for his part, was getting progressively worse. He had become a wisp of a thing during Sirius’s absence, but now he was fast becoming skeletal. It were almost as though Sirius had sucked what vibrancy was left out of Regulus, replacing it with frailty and fear. Regulus awoke one morning to the sun streaming through the window and Sirius roughly biting at his jaw. Regulus flinched and curled up on himself. “Mm, don’t be so jumpy,” Sirius ordered. He pushed Regulus over onto his back and gave him a long kiss. “I think today’s the day.” “...What day?” Regulus asked hoarsely. He didn’t get much use out of his voice anymore. Sirius had been largely unconcerned with Regulus outside of taking pleasure in his body every couple nights. It seemed the older Black had been concentrating on healing himself back up...and planning something. Regulus was about to learn what that something was. “It’s time to get out of here,” Sirius said calmly. “These wards won’t keep them out forever. So get up, Reggie. Take a shower if you need, but I want you ready to go with me in half an hour, understood?” Regulus shivered. “W—where are we going? Keep who out?” There was a tentative hope in his heart that once he was outside Sirius’s wards he might be able to escape. Sirius flashed an evil grin. “Home,” he said simply. “Home?” Regulus asked, perplexed. “You mean...to Grimmauld Place? Why would you want to return there?” Sirius’s grey eyes were alight with that familiar mischief again. Regulus could tell he was scheming twelve steps into the future. “Because, Reggie...it’s the last place anyone will look for us.” Regulus took Sirius up on his offer of a shower, because he hoped it would give him time to think. He stood under the hot water, stalling for as long as he thought he could, trying desperately to plan an escape. But before he had gotten so much as a flicker of an idea, Sirius interrupted him. “You’re avoiding me at this point, Reg,” he complained loudly, opening the bathroom door and storming in. “I said I wanted to leave now and I meant it. Now come out.” Regulus cringed but obeyed. He turned off the faucet and drew back the curtain enough to poke his head out. “I—I’m coming,” he promised meekly. He was almost taken aback by the lack of anger on Sirius’s face. As his brother approached him, Regulus saw a glimpse of gentleness in his expression. A facade, for sure, because Sirius had been nothing but selfish and inattentive since his return. And there was still something innately wolfish about the way Sirius approached Regulus, stalking him down, closing the distance between them and pulling the shower curtain away completely. Regulus was reminded of Sirius’s animagus form and his shivered a little. Now he stood there, quickly chilling from the water on his skin, completely naked and standing prone in front of his brother. Regulus hoped Sirius couldn’t tell that he was crying. “I—I’m coming,” Regulus whispered. “Just let me dry off...” He reached timidly for his towel, but Sirius knocked it gently away and pushed Regulus back by his shoulders until he was pressed flush against the damp tile of the wall. Sirius stepped into the shower after him. It was good they were both so skinny, or else they might not have fit. Regulus felt his heart begin to race. “Shh,” Sirius whispered. “I’m not mad. I just don’t like you avoiding me, is all. I’m all you have left, you know.” He kissed Regulus slowly on the corner of his mouth. There was a fervent sincerity to Sirius’s voice, as though he were trying desperately to convince himself as much as Regulus. “Just me...” Sirius took Regulus in his hand and Regulus started. “D—don’t,” he started, but then stopped. What good would resisting do? Instead, Regulus opted for an attempt at distraction, a conversation. “I thought you were in a hurry to get out of here?” he asked in a would-be casual voice that was broken immediately by an undignified squeak as Sirius squeezed rhythmically on the base of his cock. “Not in too much of a hurry to neglect my baby brother.” Regulus shivered, eyes wide as he watched Sirius sink to the tiled floor at his feet, soaking the knees of his trousers with water. Sirius hummed gently and took Regulus into his hot mouth. A burst of cold broke out all over the rest of Regulus’s body. Sirius drew back and massaged forcefully at Regulus’s bony hips, digging his fingers into his abdomen with firm, repeated circular motions. “And I know what you must be thinking,” Sirius admitted, kissing Regulus’s stomach and licking a hot trail back down to his uncomfortable erection. “That I’ve been so cruel for neglecting you lately. I’ve behaved selfishly, haven’t I? I’ve not been paying attention to you...” Regulus whimpered as Sirius’s mouth drew him in again. He felt his knees begin to buckle. He was terrified to come. Sirius surely didn’t want to deal with that...he would certainly be angry. But Regulus was even more frightened of pulling away. “Please…” he begged, unsure of what he was even asking for. His whole lower half was throbbing in time with his frantically beating heart. The damn clock in the hallway was sounding out its hourly chime, and Sirius was still on his knees before him, humming like a cicada and occasionally dragging a hand up one of Regulus’s thighs. “It’s okay,” Sirius said, briefly pulling away. “Come for me, little one. I want to taste you. I promise I’ll take care of you.” Regulus did as he was told. He let Sirius pull him sharply off the edge. Regulus’s hips thrust forward of their own accord. He trembled all over and slid gracelessly down the wall. Sirius clambered on top of him, kissing all over his neck and face. Regulus felt his own come slipping from between Sirius’s lips, spilling out onto his flushed skin. Regulus came down from his high quickly. Sirius was still leaning over him and Regulus feared his brother’s plans. He felt he knew what must be coming next. Regulus closed his eyes and tried not to tremble. But the prying hands never came. Instead Sirius stood, righting himself and casting a quick charm to dry his own clothing. Regulus cautiously clambered to his knees and watched Sirius rinse out his mouth in the sink. “Come on, Reggie,” Sirius said, extending a hand to pull Regulus up. “We really should be going. Here, let’s dry you off before you make yourself sick.” Regulus stared at his brother in confusion. He’d not seen this level of gentleness in Sirius for a long time...not since the occasional bouts of sweetness Sirius had levied at him all that time ago...when this nightmare had first started. Perhaps this was just that trickery coming back..? But Regulus felt a sickening joy as Sirius fluffed a towel through his wet hair. Suddenly he was five years old again, and Sirius was helping him get ready for bed. Regulus leaned into Sirius’s touch and allowed himself to be dressed. Sirius pulled Regulus in front of the bedroom mirror and stood flush at his back, wrapping his arms around to finish his tie. “There,” Sirius said proudly. “Don’t you look dapper. I’ve got our things packed already, Reggie. I think it’s time to go now.”The journey back to Grimmauld Place was a short one this time. Sirius simply apparated them both. Regulus cast one last longing glance over his shoulder at his brother’s house. The mid-morning sun was high by that point, casting a bright glare over the windows. Regulus felt a painful tug as he thought about his wand, which was still trapped in the lockbox. “Come on, Reggie. Leave it all behind,” Sirius ordered. But Regulus knew he was going to be followed by that house and its memories for a very long time. Sirius gripped Regulus tightly by the arm and whisked them both away. There was a brief moment, right after the two of them landed shakily at Number Twelve (Sirius’s magic was still a little uneven), where Regulus contemplated running. This was central London during the early commute. It was possible he could slip off into a crowd somewhere...but Sirius was pulling him briskly in through the front door and Regulus’s hopes were dashed. Grimmauld Place was dusty. Regulus’s first few breaths were unpleasant as debris and dust flew into his lungs. “M—mum?” Regulus coughed. “Dad?” He turned to look quizzically at Sirius. Regulus still had no clue what had become of his parents in the intervening years since his own “death”, and he wasn’t certain Sirius knew, either. Sirius ignored Regulus’s look and instead drew his wand. Immediately, he set to work on the front door and Regulus realized his brother was digging into their parents’ wards, altering them to better suit his needs. Regulus felt a cold chill. To be held prisoner in his childhood home like this… “Sirius, I don’t think Dad will let you just take over his warding schematics like this…?” Sirius chuckled before resuming his work. Regulus could almost feel his brother’s magic rippling out around the whole house and made a mental note to check every last window while Sirius was asleep. Grimmauld Place was large, intricate. If he was lucky, Sirius’s shaky wards might miss a corner. “Dad is dead, Regulus. He won’t be stopping me from doing anything.” Sirius’s words squeezed at Regulus’s heart, although the younger Black couldn’t really claim to be surprised. Of course Sirius wouldn’t have felt comfortable returning here unless he was certain their parents were no longer a problem. “What about Mum?” Regulus asked, dreading the answer. Sirius turned to him. “Never you mind right now. Come with me, Regulus, let’s get you set up.” Sirius took Regulus to his bedroom. Regulus stepped over the threshold with trepidation. He had not been inside his brother’s room since before this whole sordid affair had begun, and doing so now brought back a lot of unwanted feelings. Strangely, Regulus noted that Sirius’s room was very clean. There was no dust or grime in here like there was in the rest of the house. Regulus gave Sirius a suspicious look. “You’ve already come back here, haven’t you?” And that’s why your ward work was so quick, he added silently. Because you’d already laid the foundations.  Sirius didn’t answer, instead rummaging around at his desk. “Did you kill Mum and Dad?” Regulus asked bluntly. Sirius whipped around immediately, a look of outrage on his face. “What the fuck did you just say?” he demanded. Regulus trembled under Sirius’s glare but still stood firm. He realized that he seemed to have struck a nerve with his brother. “I asked if you murdered our parents.” Sirius was at his side in an instant. Regulus knew the blow was coming, and he didn’t try to duck away. Sirius backhanded him hard and Regulus fell against the bed, knees connecting painfully with the hard floor by the hearth. He looked up at Sirius warily. Sirius knelt down next to his brother, grasping him firmly by the chin. “I may be a lot of things, Regulus Black, but I am not a murderer.” Regulus nodded. “If you ever suggest such a thing again, you’ll find yourself on the receiving end of more than just my hand, am I clear?” “Yes,” Regulus whispered, and Sirius let him go. “I have some more things to attend to. You don’t leave this room until I come back to get you, do you understand?” “Yes,” Regulus said again. Sirius nodded. “Yell if you need me. And don’t bother with the window,” Sirius nodded towards the balcony attached to his room. “It’s the most warded corner of this house, I made sure of it.” Then he was gone, and Regulus was left alone with a lot of worry and a lot of memories.It seemed like mere minutes after they had gotten to Grimmauld Place, Sirius Black was already planning for another, this time much more elaborate, move. He was less obsessed with Regulus sexually and seemed more intently focused finding a way to bind his brother to locations that weren’t houses. Once or twice, Regulus caught glimpses of the schematics that his brother was working on and the nature of the warding spells he saw were troubling. It seemed to him that Sirius was trying to do something more permanent and personal...that he was trying to somehow lock Regulus to him specifically. Presumably this was so they could travel more freely without Regulus being able to run off. On the second day since being home, Regulus ran into his family’s old house elf, Kreacher. The elf was strangely subdued around him, barely speaking and disappearing as soon as he could. At first Regulus had worried that his exploits in the cave had perhaps injured Kreacher permanently, but then he realized it was more likely that Sirius had harassed him into complacency. Regulus tried to put Kreacher from his mind. On the fourth day since returning to Number Twelve, Regulus ran into someone much more shocking. His mother. Sirius had by that point allowed Regulus more freedom within the house (Regulus assumed his brother was feeling more confident in his wards), and one of the first places Regulus had ventured to had been one of his parents’ bedrooms. His mother and father had shared a bedroom when Regulus had been very young, but then sometime later, they had split to separate rooms. It had been an odd arrangement, as the two had still frequently slept together, but Regulus had always assumed that each had just been too fussy to share their personal space for more than a few hours. Something had drawn him to his mother’s bedroom. He walked into it, trance-like and a little scared. This room was just as dusty as the rest of the house except for the bed. The sheets were much cleaner, as though they had been slept in recently. There were shuffled tracks in the dust on the carpet. For reasons he couldn’t explain, Regulus crawled into his mother’s bed and closed his eyes, wanting desperately to find some peace. “Regulus?” The cracked voice stabbed at Regulus like a knife. He sat bolt upright in the bed, sure that he was hallucinating. For there, half stumbling from the master bathroom doorway, was Walburga Black. Her once raven-black hair was graying, and hung thin and limp past her shoulders. Gone were the elaborate curls and buns that Regulus remembered. Her shoulders sagged and Regulus could tell that beneath her loose nightgown, his mother was rail thin. Her face had gone gaunt and her eyes seemed far too large. When she saw him, she moved forward, shuffling and craning her head in awe, as though she could not believe her eyes. “Regulus...” Regulus scrambled to the other side of the bed, panting. He was not prepared for this. He had assumed his mother to be dead. Sirius hadn’t said as much, but… “Mother?” Regulus asked cautiously. He stood up and backed away a bit more. There was something off about his mother’s movements and her voice. “Have I died?” Walburga asked him. Regulus felt his back hit the closet door. He could back up no further, and his mother was still advancing on him. “N—no...I...I don’t know,” Regulus said in a small voice. Walburga reached out a skeletal hand, aiming for Regulus’s face. Regulus could feel sweat pooling at his neck as he trembled in fear of the veiny hand that gently reached for his face, almost touching him... “You really are here...” “Mother!” Both Regulus and Walburga started. Standing tall in the doorway was Sirius, looking furious. “I thought I told you to stay in the sunroom,” Sirius hissed. Storming into the room, he pulled his mother away from Regulus, shoving her to the other end of the room. Walburga wretched her hand from her son’s grasp. “I left,” she said matter-of-factly. This did not appease Sirius, who hissed like an angry snake. “Sirius?” asked Walburga, and Regulus shuddered. Suddenly his mother was speaking as though she had only just noticed Sirius enter the room. Only now there was a distinct venom to her voice. An anger that hadn’t been there before. “I didn’t expect you back so early.” “Well here I am,” Sirius muttered. “Why don’t you go to sleep?” he asked harshly. “Sirius,” Walburga continued as though she had not heard him. “Did you see that your brother has returned?” The sardonic bent to her voice reminded Regulus of the many times that he and his brother had been caught in lies as children. “Amazing.” Sirius seemed to be doing some quick thinking and did not answer right away. “My youngest child died two years ago, I felt it.” Sirius took ahold of his mother’s arm. Walburga started. The anger was gone from her face now, replaced once more by the childlike confusion Regulus had witnessed earlier. Part of Regulus wanted to run from the room, but he found himself rooted to the spot. “He did die,” Sirius spat venomously. Walburga’s eyes widened. Sirius shook her once and leaned his face in close. “Just like I told you. And you know what, Mother? I’m the one that killed him.” Walburga twisted in Sirius’s grip, but to no avail. “He left them, you see. Those masked lunatics you sent him off to. Showed up half dead on my doorstep, begging me to fix it.” Walburga shook her head. She was muttering very fast under her breath in Latin, something Regulus had never seen her do before. “Can you imagine it? Me, harboring a Death Eater? I would never!” Sirius cast a quick glance at Regulus before continuing. “Regulus...” “I dragged him inside and I brought him into my room. I healed him. I gave him food. I got him feeling so much better, Mum. The twinkle was starting to come back to his eyes. He was coming ‘round. Feeling better. “And then I ended it.” Walburga thrashed wildly, but Sirius held tight with that vice-like grip. Regulus felt his own arm tingle as he watched in horror. “He’d given me all the information I was going to get. All that was left was to turn him in to the dementors. But you know I couldn’t do that,” Sirius whispered. “I’m far too soft-hearted. “But I couldn’t have someone like him in my house, a monster, now could I? So I ended it myself. I woke him up one morning, as I always did, with a gentle shake and a kiss. And just as his sleepy eyes were opening, I grabbed his throat.” Sirius clasped his free hand around Walburga’s neck, gripping tightly. Regulus yelled out but didn’t move. “I squeezed tighter and tighter, until his throat gave way, bruised, crushed...broken. He couldn’t breathe, Mum. And as he suffocated on his own collapsed throat, he stared right into my eyes. It’s for the best, isn’t it? That the last thing he saw be the face of someone he loved?” Sirius released his mother harshly, pushing her away. She stumbled into the large bay window, gasping for breath. “But...Regulus...” she croaked, looking right at him, her eyes glassy and fearful—fearful of Regulus. “Amazing the spirits this old house can dredge up, isn’t it?” Sirius spat. Then he turned sharply and left the room, dragging a mortified Regulus with him.Sirius had not been kind in the hours after Regulus had first met with his mother. “Regulus?” Sirius asked. “Have you been hiding from me?” Regulus, who had been curled up on the hearth of his brother’s fireplace, looked up in terror. His fear of Sirius had ramped up in the immediate aftermath of the first altercation with his mother. The way Sirius had described his death had been so graphic and so disturbing that Regulus wondered if that had been how Sirius saw the events in his mind. Had Sirius wanted to kill him so intimately—with his own two hands? Was the desire to be able to resurrect Regulus the only thing that had stopped him from doing so? “Where’s mum?” he asked in a baleful voice. As afraid as he was, a part of him felt also...resigned. “Sleeping. As you should be.” “It’s the middle of the day,” Regulus said sullenly as Sirius approached him. “Yes, but you’re not well.” Regulus rose to his knees and met Sirius’s gaze fearfully. “Sirius?” he asked, his whole demeanor broken. “Are you going to kill me?” Sirius was once again a tall and imposing figure. He stood high over Regulus’s place on the ground, his dress shirt billowing slightly from an inexplicable breeze. Despite months (years? How long had it been?) of time spent near death, Sirius Black had fully recharged. Regulus felt hot bursts burn in his belly with each breath as Sirius leaned down wordlessly and picked his brother up by his collar. As soon as Sirius’s grip slackened, Regulus’s instinct was to fall back down to his knees, but Sirius stopped him. He threw Regulus back onto the bed where the boy landed with a whimper. “Reggie, who’s filled your head with such pretty nonsense?” Sirius asked. His voice gaited, his head tilted, and he looked to Regulus with such a devilishly questioning gaze that Regulus thought he might be magically paralyzed. Unable to right himself or try to flee, he merely gazed deeper into the bedcovers, panting. With a start, Regulus felt Sirius trail hot fingers down his throat. “Whatever are you even talking about, my sweet thing?” Sirius asked with a syrupy falseness. Regulus didn’t answer. Sirius knew damn well what he was talking about. “Tell me,” Sirius pressed him. Regulus took a deep breath and finally voiced the fear he’d had since this whole sordid catastrophe had started. “When you’re done with me, Sirius, are you going to kill me?” “Is that what you’re so scared of?” Sirius asked. “Is that why you cower when I enter the room?” Regulus looked down. Sirius was crawling on top of him now, and a wave of claustrophobia was setting in, reminding Regulus vaguely of the time he had spent in his brother’s closet. Sirius’s warm heat radiated over Regulus’s body. Still, Regulus refused to look at him. If he stared into those eyes, he would lose all the courage he had left. “It is not foolish to fear the inevitable. Merely pragmatic.” Sirius scoffed. “Oh, you and your poetry, Reggie. Must you always fit the world into rhymes like this? Does the certainty comfort you?” Regulus swallowed. “A little,” he gasped. And then Sirius’s hand was at his neck, gripping tightly and pushing him down. “Up, up, Reggie,” Sirius cooed. He slapped Regulus hard about the temple. “Not quite the gentle shake and kiss I promised mummy, but you’ll forgive me this discrepancy, won’t you?” “Sirius,” Regulus gasped, but it was no use. Sirius had him flipped around a moment later, spread eagle on the bed and keening like a bruised kitten. Sirius sat with his legs entwined around Regulus’s, leaning down and once again pinning him by the throat. Sirius’s dark hair fell around Regulus like a curtain. “Like this, Reggie? Or tighter?” Regulus scrabbled frantically, trying to dislodge his brother’s hands as his grip tightened. Then Sirius relented just a little. One hand left Regulus’s neck to fuss instead with his clothes. Regulus felt his throat begin to pulsate worryingly as Sirius rubbed up and down it, pressing, pushing… “Just a little more weight, Reg,” Sirius emphasized his words by leaning forward on his arm, placing an intolerable pressure on his brother’s neck. “And then I’ll be the murderer you so desperately want me to be.” Sirius leaned back and let go of Regulus’s throat, choosing instead to focus on undoing his trousers. Regulus sat up on his elbows, coughing and wheezing. “You and everyone else,” Sirius muttered. Regulus didn’t ask him for clarification. He placed a shaking hand to his neck. His skin was pulsating and hot. His windpipe seemed to rattle precariously with each breath. “Kill you,” Sirius said sardonically. “Why the bloody hell would I kill you? Not you, not someone I love...” “You already did kill me,” Regulus pointed out in the strongest voice he could muster. Sirius yanked Regulus’s shirt over his sore head and the younger boy briefly saw stars from the jostling. A moment later, Sirius had Regulus’s cock in his hand. “I brought you right back, Regulus,” Sirius scolded him. Regulus keened and panted as Sirius worked him over with his hand and mouth. When Sirius bit down on his inner thigh hard enough to draw blood blossoming to the surface of his skin, Regulus shrieked. “I’m still dead, Sirius,” he cried. His brother ignored him and continued to kiss his way up Regulus’s abdomen. “I think I’ve had enough of this mouthiness you’ve developed in the last few days,” Sirius said matter-of-factly. “I don’t want to have to punish you, Regulus, so start behaving, yeah?” Regulus shivered. Sirius ground down hard and Regulus felt an embarrassing heat explode wherever their skin touched. Regulus felt Sirius’s hands everywhere, groping, squeezing, slapping… “I’ll be good, Sirius,” Regulus promised. He could feel that Sirius was close to moving on, that his brother was tiring of skin on skin and would soon want to take things further. Disgusted with himself, Regulus begged for lubrication. “Please don’t hurt me anymore.” He let his voice falter for emphasis. Sirius had never shown much remorse in the past, but Regulus’s throat was a patchwork of sickly black and blue, and it was enough to give Sirius pause. “Of course not,” Sirius murmured, laying a gentle kiss to Regulus’s neck that still made the younger Black flinch with pain. “When have I ever hurt you?” Sirius got up off the bed, taking this opportunity to fully undress. He sent Regulus a hard stare, one clearly meant to keep his brother in place, but Regulus could barely breath, and black stars were beginning to crowd his vision. He didn’t move from his place on the bed. He only stared blankly at the ceiling, listening to the sounds of Sirius rummaging through his possessions for something to make their evening easier. “When have you not?” Regulus asked rhetorically, his voice deliberately soft so Sirius wouldn’t hear it. “Sirius, I’m still dead.”Regulus was shocked that Sirius hadn’t banned him from wandering the house after the incident in their mother’s room. He had at least assumed that Sirius would have forbidden him from speaking to Walburga Black, but actually the opposite had occurred. Sirius made no move to separate the two and didn’t seem to care if Regulus sought out their mother’s company or not. This had confused Regulus until the first time he re-approached his mother and immediately learned why. Walburga Black had been sitting on her windowsill, staring blankly out at the back gardens, all of which were long dead. Regulus approached her cautiously. “Mother?” he asked quietly. She turned to him. “Please go, Regulus,” she asked. “Your father will be home soon, and he won’t want to see you.” Regulus smiled awkwardly. “Dad’s not...” “He’ll be furious to find you haunting about his home like this. As am I.” “Mum, I’m not dead.” “Leave me be, specter. I’ve no use for these lies and tricks. Let me mourn my son in peace.” “No, Mum...” Regulus scurried towards her. “I”m here...I’m real, see?” He reached out and put his hand over hers, hoping the physical touch would prove his point. Walburga yanked her hand away and stared up at Regulus in horror. “What monstrous magic is this?” she demanded. “What sick perversion have you undergone to accomplish this?” “Mum, I’m not dead!” Regulus was crying, his throat closing up with frustrated tears. “This is the work of Sirius, no doubt. He’s come back here just to torture me. I cannot even die in peace thanks to him. Begone from my room you monster, go!” Regulus tried to reason, but his voice caught in his throat. Walburga struck out at him, scratching his cheek with her wedding ring and Regulus left the room. As he closed the door, he heard something fragile break against the wall. When Regulus returned to his mother’s room—very cautiously—a day later, she seemed not to remember their previous encounter. They spoke for a few moments before she, again, dismissed him, ordering him from the room with the imperative that he end his cruel haunting. Regulus felt this to be the cruelest thing Sirius had done yet, that there was someone else in this house, someone who Regulus loved...and he could not talk to her. “You don’t want to talk to her, Reg,” Sirius insisted. “Not truly, anyway.” Regulus shook his head. Sirius continued kneading soap through his brother’s hair. He had been unusually soft with Regulus the last few nights, bathing him with the care one might show to a small child. “You drove her to madness,” Regulus cried softly. “You tormented your own mother until she can’t even remember herself and I’m the one left all alone from it.” “She was well on her way around the twist before I ever came back,” Sirius insisted. “And believe me, Reg, it’s better this way. She spent her last sane breaths disowning you, anyway.” “She wouldn’t...” “Me running off was expected. But you, Reg...you turning out to be a cowardly muggle-lover after all was the greatest knife to the heart.” “I’m not!” Regulus sat up straighter, sloshing bathwater over the crystalline edges and onto Sirius’s lap. “I don’t. I just...there are limits. I...I didn’t want to...The Dark Lord, He had gone too far!” Sirius raised an eyebrow. “Oh, a moderate?” he grinned. “Even worse, Reggie. What a pathetic waste of air and energy to straddle both sides like that.” Regulus felt his shoulders slump. A part of him, all that time ago, had thought Sirius would regard his betrayal of Lord Voldemort as brave, noble even. He wasn’t sure why this, of all things, would be the blow that crushed his spirit like this. Hadn’t Sirius already done far worse to him? Sirius got Regulus dried and dressed for bed. As they stepped out into the hallway, Regulus hesitated. Sirius looked back at him and flicked his hand lightly, as though he were carrying his wand. “Regulus, come this way,” he said seriously. Regulus, who had every intention of hesitating as long as possible, felt a slight spark in his spine and a brief desire to be by his brother’s side. Regulus scurried to Sirius and followed him to bed, suddenly horrified of just what manner of spellwork Sirius had likely been casting on him in his sleep.There were many times Regulus came close to asking what Sirius’s plans were. Regulus knew his brother wasn’t keen on staying at Grimmauld Place longer than necessary. A part of Regulus was still confused as to why they had ever left Sirius’s personal house. Regulus had assumed they were on the run from the Dark Lord or his followers, but that was seeming less and less likely. Sirius had disappeared to no Order meetings since he’d been back, and Regulus could only assume that meant the Dark Lord was either victorious...or dead. The only helpful clues he was able to find came from Sirius himself. The few times Regulus had bravely broached the subject, he’d been smacked for his troubles, but Sirius had always been a bit more loose lipped while unconscious. Regulus had heard mutterings from his brother in the middle of several nights. Indecipherable names had popped up along with angry, accusatory words. From the sound of things, Sirius was keen on hunting something...or someone down. At first, Regulus had thought he was the target of Sirius’s ramblings, except that Sirius had sputtered on more than one occasions the desire to kill. For the sake of his sanity, Regulus had to assume his brother was on the hunt for someone else, and that soon, they would be leaving home to kill someone. This could be his chance to escape, Regulus reasoned. If he could perhaps trick his brother into thinking he was more cowed by whatever added magic Sirius was throwing at him, then Sirius may lead him outside earlier, thinking him more controlled than he was. It was a smart plan. Regulus vowed to be more cooperative with his brother, and to fake caving to his ministrations the instant Sirius began more seriously experimenting with his control over him. Then, when they were outside, far away and free from these wards, Regulus could make his move. He could steal Sirius’s wand while he slept, or simply get up and run… There was only one tiny doubt in the back of Regulus’s mind. As he lay tangled in Sirius’s bedsheets, sweating and sore, he felt Sirius’s arm loop protectively around his waist. Shaking a little, Regulus leaned into his sleeping brother’s embrace and thought again about his life. His parents were...gone. And whether the Dark Lord had been victorious or vanquished, there would be a prize on his head. If he escaped from Sirius, his only option would be to live in hiding...alone. “I’m still dead,” Regulus murmured again. The hopelessness in his voice was nearly palpable. Sirius’s arms around him tightened.




Notes:

Commissions are open again! ;) Check out my profile or my FF.net account for details.