Chapter 1: Of Dragons
    




Chapter Text

Charlie!

How’s Romania? Mum is constantly in a worry about you, last time she wrote she was worried about how you don’t write much. I think she’s just sad that her second son left home, honestly.

Anyway, you’re probably wondering why I’m writing. Last time I wrote, I was telling you that me, the twins, and Perc weren’t gonna come along for Christmas so you probably think I’m gonna give you bad news. I promise it isn’t REALLY bad. Only kind of bad.

Hagrid managed to get his hands on a dragon egg. And it bloody well hatched. He doesn’t want to let Norbert go, but he a Norwegian Ridgeback of all things! Hagrid calls himself its mum.

It’s funny, really, because Norbert only seems to like Mags. She loves him of course, but she was the one that suggested (more like forced me) to write you because Norbert is quite vicious.

Is there any way you can make the trip to get him? Norbert’ll burn down Hogwarts here soon and we don’t know what else to do.

Love, Ron
Charlie gaped at the letter. Godric, what had his brother gotten himself into? At least this Mags seemed to have a head on her shoulders. Wait, Mags. Maggie… the girl that his brothers stayed at Hogwarts with so she didn’t have to be alone over the holiday. Maggie was Magnolia Potter, right?Thank Merlin the savior of the magical world could actually think ahead. Without her, who knows what his brother would do.His three youngest brothers ensured he did not want children. After seeing what they could do, after seeing this, he’s signed off on having a family. The dragon handler sighed and wrote to his baby brother, setting up a time to retrieve Norbert.Charlie had the feeling this was just the first of many stunts that he’d get involved with.
Charlie hopped off his broom in the astronomy tower, standing before his brother and the girl. His mates were still on their way, merely minutes away. There was a wooden crate on the ground between them, the telltale sounds of a snoozing dragon filling the air.“Thank Merlin you’re here! Norbert nearly chomped off my finger and ’Mione’s hand! ’Mione is still in the hospital wing!” Ron exclaimed. Ron’s friend glared up at him, her eyes narrowing.“You two didn’t treat him with respect, Ron. I told you both not to treat him like a common pet,” The crimson haired girl glared. She was tiny for her size, she would pass as 9 at best. She was skinny and short, with long curly hair that she seemed to have to compensate for her height. Her eyes were emerald green with flecks of silver in them. Her features were aristocratic, but young. She looked younger than Ginny. The way she spoke, on the other hand, conveyed her as an adult.Ron rolled his eyes and looked to his brother, “Charlie, this is Maggie. Mags, this is my brother Charlie.”Maggie looked up at the tall young man and thrust her hand out to him, “Good to meet you finally. I’ve heard much about you from Ron.”Charlie grinned at the girl. From what he’d heard of his mother and his brothers, Maggie was usually shy and bashful. A swell of smugness rose in his chest as he shook her hand, “Nice to meet you, Tiny. Thank you for getting my brother to write me about this.”Maggie blushed at the name, her bashful nature shining through. Ron snickered.“I love Norbert, and I know going to be with his own kind would be the best thing for him. Regardless of how much I want to keep him,” Maggie murmured, looking down.“You’d probably keep him if your bloody cat wasn’t terrified,” Ron challenged.“I told you to write Charlie long before Demetrius met Norbert, and I’d thank you not to make me out to be a child as I am the one who figured out how to get Malfoy off our tail,” Maggie snapped at her friend, but her mischievous smile reflected her real feelings, “And healed your dragon bite.”“Has she met Ginny yet?” Charlie interrupted, amazed and humored by the similarities between the girl and his sister. No wonder all his brothers were fond of her, Maggie handled Ron like Ginny would.“They’ve written. She has dirt on me, Percy, and even the twins,” Ron huffed.Charlie laughed as his fellow Dragonologists, Matteus and Clem, landed. The men had large smiles, amazed by the two first years with a dragon of all things.Clem and Matteus were there for but a minute before they took off, the fireproofed crate that’d been charmed for them to tote it along between them.“This is so illegal,” Charlie ran a hand through his shaggy hair. He turned back to his brother and Maggie, sighing, “Please don’t do anything else this bad again. You’re lucky I can’t tell mum about this because I’d be in trouble too, or else she would rip you both a new one. Give her a right scare, you two would.”Maggie looked confusedly at Ron, who was staring at the ground sheepishly. Her head tilted, she looked back to Charlie, “Why would she be scared?”Ron’s head whipped up and he sent Charlie a pleading look not to question Maggie’s confusion. Charlie’s brows were furrowed as Ron spoke, “I’ve told you Mags, Mum cares for you a great deal. That’s why you’re visiting this summer, you are family now.”Maggie nodded slowly before turning giving Charlie a shy smile, “Thank you so much, Charlie. I hope to see you again soon.”With that, Maggie threw a cloak over herself and Ron, effectively disappearing. As he heard clumsy footsteps and the first years teasing one another, Charlie promised himself to visit England on a regular basis.









Chapter 2: Of Dragon Blood
    


Summary:

Maggie is nervous. Hermione grows suspicious. Ginny protects.



Notes:
AHAHA I PROMISE I'M WORKING ON NO TIME TO BREATHE I'LL HAVE IT DONE NEXT WEEK MAYBE




Chapter Text
Maggie grumbled as she glared at her potions essay (or lack of therefore). Hermione was occasionally glancing at her, amused by her friend. Every time she looked, the quill in Maggie’s hand was more chewed on and the few words inked dried more and more. The common room was quiet and calm, she couldn’t even make an excuse that she was distracted by other students.
“You are aware that glaring does nothing for your cause, correct?” Hermione finally asked her friend, about 45 minutes in.
“I hate potions,” Maggie quipped, flashing Hermione her ever charming, Black-family smile (more so the late Sirius Black’s smile). Hermione rolled her eyes at her friend.
“Obviously Maggie, but you know you won’t get anywhere by glaring at your parchment. You only have to do twelve inches on only one of the uses of dragon blood,” Hermione rationalized, “Slughorn is just readying us for OWLs.”
Maggie huffed and propped up her leg on a spare chair, the one she’d injured to save that damn cat of hers. Hermione noticed the motion but remained quiet.
“I’m going to write Charlie and see if he has any information that is more interesting than what the bloody book gives,” Maggie finally muttered.
“Oh for… Maggie, what use did you choose?” Hermione huffed and grabbed her friend’s parchment, reading over the first several lines.

There are twelve known uses for dragon’s blood today. One of the main uses that is rarely discussed is the magic enhancing property. Dragons, as a whole, have magical properties that help Wizards on a daily basis. For example, Dragon Heartstring is a common core for wands- concentrating the magical ability of the Witch or Wizard. While magic is possible without the use of wands, it is not as powerful.


Dragon blood is used to strengthen po…

The essay ended abruptly. Hermione was impressed. Sure, it was only an inch and a half long, but it was well written, especially for a potions essay by none other than Maggie.
“This is good Maggie, why are you so frustrated?” Hermione raised a brow.
“Because I don’t know why Dragon Blood enhances us! I’m actually interested in potions for once and I have no answers! The book doesn’t discuss why either. It just says it does. And I haven’t exactly seen Dumbledore to question him, even though he’d be the best person to ask because he’s partially responsible for the discovery. And I’m nervous to Owl Charlie!” Maggie huffed.
Hermione nodded, suddenly understanding her friend’s plight. She scooted closer to her, giving her a comforting half hug. “Maggie. Owl Charlie. You have a school girl crush on him, so what? You guys are friends. He’d be more suspicious if you didn’t owl him. You need to do this essay, and he can help.”
“I don’t have a crush on him, Hermione,” Maggie said. It wasn’t really a lie- she had more than a crush on Charlie, but no one needed to know that. Nor of the tense good bye they’d had at the Burrow two weeks ago. Nor of the lingering kiss on her forehead and the hug that just friends shouldn’t share.
Maggie simply nodded at her friend and pulled out another piece of parchment, starting a letter to Charlie.
As she wrote, her mind drifted back to her good bye with Charlie.

Charlie had his arms wrapped around her tightly as they stood in his room, seemingly trying to protect her from unseen forces.


“You better write, Maggie. I need to know what fresh Hell you bring as quidditch captain,” He grinned, pulling from the hug slightly.


“You know I will Charlie,” She grinned a bit, “Thank you again for saving me after I got hit for that damn cat.”


“Maggie, that was one of the stupidest things you’ve ever done. Please never make me save you like that again,” He sighed.


“You know you love saving me, I’m irresistible,” She teased. 


He laughed, “Tiny, you really are lucky you’re so cute.”


Maggie blushed. Charlie caught her eyes and became hyper aware that they still had their arms wrapped around each other.


“Please be safe, Maggie,” He whispered.


“Only if you are, Dragon Man,” She smiled softly. He nodded. She relaxed in his arms. Charlie leaned down and pressed a kiss to her forehead, staying there, as if to commit her scent and touch to memory.


Maggie’s eyes closed as she took it in. She knew she wasn’t imagining this. Charlie was actually holding to her. 


The two finally let go when Molly gave final call.


“Go on, I’ll see you at Christmas,” He assured.

“See you at Christmas,” She nodded. As she hurried down the stairs, making silent promises. “After the war.”
Maggie finished the letter to Charlie as she drifted out of her thoughts. She’d wrote out of pure instinct, mindlessly.
She read over it quickly, ensuring it was safe to send. She quickly signed, “Love, M.B.”
“I’m going to go mail this, ‘Mione. I’ll be back in about 20 minutes!” Maggie grinned and took off.
Hermione watched her friend suspiciously, having watched her friend’s cheeks redden as she penned the letter. When she nosily read what Maggie was writing, there wasn’t a bloody word about the essay.
What was going on? The girl spotted Ginny sitting near the fire. Without a second though, Hermione made a beeline for her.
“Ginny,” Hermione grabbed her attention from the book her nose was buried in. Was that a romance novel? That was something to discuss later.
“Mione, how are you?” Ginny grinned up at her. Hermione sat on the edge of the chair Ginny was curled up on.
“Do you know anything about Charlie and Maggie’s friendship?” Hermione pried.
Ginny had not expected that question. Sure, she knew that Hermione would eventually grow curious, but not this soon. Quickly thinking about how to answer, she shook her head before explaining, “Charlie sees Mags as another little sister,” Lie, “He cares for her a great deal,” Not a lie, “She’s one of the family,” Not a lie. Ginny felt comfortable with that, she told the truth more than not.
Hermione slowly nodded, “They just seem close.”
“That’s because they are. They have been since that damn dragon in your first year,” Ginny shrugged, “You’re reading too much into this. Drop it, Mione.”
Hermione sighed but nodded again, “Okay, okay. I’ll drop it for now. I need to finish my essay.”
Ginny watched her walk back to her table, breathing in relief.
Merlin, Maggie and Charlie were lucky Hermione hadn’t seen them when they were saying good bye back home.
Ginny had watched them for years, but only in the last year and a half had the dynamic shifted from familial to something more. They weren’t obvious, but if they thought they were alone, things were different. The girl hummed a small tune to herself before turning back to her book. How she hoped that Maggie and Charlie would be able to figure it out one day- and that everyone would understand.









Chapter 3: Of Curses
    


Summary:

When the Quidditch World Cup goes awry, Maggie finds herself in more trouble than she could'e foreseen when her protective instincts take over.



Notes:
This was one of the first things I thought up when I created the idea of Magnolia. I fell in love with the idea of this stubborn little 14 year old proving just how far she would go to protect her family and friends. The No Time To Breathe universe is stemming from this little drabble right here.




Chapter Text
Maggie did not like this situation. It was dark out and only lit by lanterns and spells being flung back and forth, there were screams, and she’d been separated from not just Ron and Hermione and Ginny, but the rest of the Weasleys. Her wand was tightly gripped in her hand. So much for the cheery celebration.“Magnolia!” A voice called. Maggie sighed in relief when she saw Bill and Charlie, waving her over. The glow of Bill’s wand was the only reason she’d been able to see them.“Bill! Charlie!” She exclaimed and ran over to them. Charlie hugged her tight when she reached them.“Dad is off looking for Ron and Hermione. Fred and George have Ginny, they’re over with the Diggorys,” Bill explained.“The twins told us that you’d been with Ron, Hermione, and Ginny, but you got separated. Ron and Hermione went looking for you, so Dad went looking for them. We’ve been looking for you,” Charlie sighed, letting her out of his arms and into Bill’s. Bill gave her a tight hug. The Brothers were obviously relieved.“Everything just happened so fast,” Maggie muttered.“We know,” Charlie assured her, “It isn’t your fault. I’ve got you now.” He wrapped his arm around her shoulder one more time before letting her go to lead her along. Bill was behind both of them, wand raised and constantly looking around. They did their best to avoid the fighting as they hurried to the younger Weasleys.That was when masked and robed person jumped in front of them, wand pointed at Charlie and words falling out of their mouth.“Crucio!”Magnolia didn’t think much about her following actions. No one would hurt her family.She jumped in front of him, her own wand raised with hopes of disarming the attacker. It was not successful as she succumbed to the pain. She fell, feeling a separate pain in her head.She heard Bill and Charlie’s panicked shouting when the pain stopped suddenly. Everything went black when she felt Charlie’s strong arms wrapping around her.
Molly was enjoying her time alone, having had the opportunity to work out her budgeting for the children’s school supplies. She knew that Magnolia would sneakily buy Ron and Ginny’s as the girl had since her second year, but Molly still always tried to beat the younger girl to the punch. It’d become a yearly tradition, Molly scolding Magnolia for her antics. Magnolia had a heart of gold and sometimes it drove Molly mad. The girl’s only defense was that, “I’ve more than enough money and you feed me.” Molly laughed at the thought.It was that moment that Arthur and Bill burst through the backdoor from the garden, rushing into the kitchen and making way for Charlie. Charlie, who held a limp Magnolia in his arms. She was bleeding from above her temple.“What happened?” Molly gasped. Arthur cleared the table off so Charlie could set Maggie down. Bill ushered his siblings and Hermione in and into the living room, not leaving room for questions or to stop and stare. Arthur went about healing the wound on her head as soon as she was down.After shutting the door on the younger ones, Bill turned to his mother. Charlie’s face was pure panic and guilt.“She jumped in front of me when one of those masked wizards started to curse me,” Charlie whispered out.“You need to stop blaming yourself,” Bill snapped.“We were supposed to be protecting her! I was in front of her, I should’ve reacted faster,” Charlie argued.“You had him disarmed the second you realized what was happening! Besides, Maggie jumped in front of you before we even saw someone there,” Bill huffed.“She’s 14, Bill! She just took a goddamn Crucio that was meant for me!” Charlie exclaimed.Molly felt the blood drain from her face and Arthur looked up from the girl.“I thought she fell. You should've told me instead of- William, Charles, how long was she under the curse?” Arthur said, tone deathly serious.“Ten seconds at most, at the least five seconds,” Bill replied, seeing his father's urgency.“Molly, send for Albus. Bill, get the kids upstairs and keep them there, and Charlie, I need you to carry her, we’ve got to get her to Saint Mungo’s immediately,” Arthur instructed quickly, “She is far too young for- this had to have been-” Arthur trailed off and just shook his head.
When Maggie came to late that night, well, early the next morning, Arthur was nodding off in the chair in the corner and Molly was in the doorway, speaking with Dumbledore, of all people. Maggie recognized Molly’s tone- the one she used when one of her children got in trouble. She groaned in pain as she tried to sit up. She furrowed her brows when she saw Charlie on the floor and leaned against the wall next to her cot, sleeping.“Bloody Hell,” She gave up her struggle to get up. Maggie rubbed her head where it was the sorest. “I hit my head,” She muttered, trying to remember what happened.“Magnolia,” Arthur gave a sigh of relief when he was pulled from his tired state. Molly turned, her face splitting into a grin. Maggie couldn’t help but notice the puffiness of her eyes. Charlie sat up off the wall, wiping the sleep from his eyes. Worry lines were set on his face as he stood.“Maggie, you’re okay,” Molly breathed and hurried over, “Oh Darling, I’m so sorry.”“Wha’ ’appened?” She grumbled, letting Molly fluff her pillow.“You're in Saint Mungo's Hospital. Darling, you had a very dark curse put on you,” Molly said softly. Maggie’s eyes went wide as the memories flooded back to her.“Oh. Yeah,” Maggie said, “That. It hurt like a bitch.”Charlie snorted in laughter at her words. Molly’s face pinched, humored by it but not pleased by it either.Maggie’s reddened a bit, “Oops. I don’t know if I should say that.”“It’s the pain potions you’re on, your ability to think right will be off for a little while longer,” Molly explained softly and brushed the hair from Maggie's face.“Mollywobbles, I’m going to go find a healer,” Arthur stood wearily. Molly nodded quickly.“Darling, will you be okay if I go talk to Dumbledore for a little longer?” Molly asked, looking back to where the older man stood wearily at the doorway.“Yeah, yeah, I’m not going anywhere. Dragon Man’s here,” Maggie yawned. Molly laughed softly and patted her cheek before heading off.“You scared me, Tiny,” Charlie murmured once they were alone.“You worry about me too much,” She remarked, “Do you know how much dangerous stuff I’ve faced? What’s one measly curse?”“Magnolia, the healer said that curse could’ve killed you. It should’ve killed you,” Charlie sighed, the guilt eating him.Maggie stared at him for a moment, “What do you mean?”“For most people your size and age- they aren’t strong enough to survive it. Those who do survive usually go mad. Older people can handle it far more, but you’re barely 14 and small for age,” Charlie grabs one of her hands and places his free hand on top of her head. He needed to assure himself that this girl, his sister for all intents and purposes, was still there.Maggie is silent, processing what she’s just been told.“I’m already mad, Charlie. I’m a Black,” She stage whispered.Charlie pinched the bridge of his nose, taking his hand from her head.“Let’s not go blurting that out to everyone, Magnolia,” Charlie sighed.“Charlie, you gotta learn that I’m just not going to die,” Maggie grinned.“How can you be joking right now?”“I’m alive. That’s how,” She grinned.“Magnolia…” He said warningly.“You’ve got muscles. How come you don’t have a wife? Or even a girlfriend?” She blurted out.Charlie remembered the amount of pain potions she’d been forced to consume and realized that this was Maggie, in a way, drunk.“I don’t really want one,” Charlie chuckled.“Do you want a boyfriend?” Maggie asked.“No, no. Not that that I wouldn't want…” Charlie went red from embarrassment, “I just don’t feel like I should date anyone. Dragons take up too much of my time.”“Can I be your girlfriend when they don’t take up much of your time?” She tilted her head.Charlie swallowed his laughter, “Sorry, Maggie. You’re too much like a little sister.”“What about when I’m not little?” She pressed, eyes drooping a bit, exhaustion hitting her.To set her at ease so she would sleep, he laughed a bit and said, “We’ll see.”“Kay, good,” She closed her eyes and drifted back to sleep. Charlie smiled fondly. Scolding her could wait until she was feeling better.