Chapter 1: Another twist of the knife
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
“The Inferius Curse. Balabradan Nafdugas,” he snarled with all the power that he could. He didn’t pay attention to the stares or the gasps or the reactions, only staring at the jet of bright green, as bright as the Killing Curse erupted from the end of his wand.It hit its mark.Harry couldn’t breathe.He could feel it in the air, taste it on his tongue. Something felt... Off.“’Arry?” Draco slurred. “’Arry… Something iz wrong...”Harry couldn’t breathe.Draco Malfoy jerked, his eyes blinking open. He looked up at Harry, opening his mouth, but Harry already knew — he’d known since the curse first hit its mark and he felt something latch onto his magic. Still, Draco said the fated words.“’Is brain ’as ceased activity.”Harry sunk to his knees as slowly — impossibly — Tom’s body began to rise. He sat up on the operating table and slowly turned to face Harry.His beautiful, burgundy eyes were gone.Instead, they were now pure white.Faintly, his mind registered Hermione screaming but he was frozen, kneeling, as Tom — not Tom — approached him. Not Tom reached out a hand. Harry couldn't bring himself to do anything but watch as the hand curled itself around his throat.For a moment, Harry closed his eyes.It would be so, so easy to slip away right now. To let go. To burn up from the inside out, because that’s what choking felt like — like firewhiskey burning in his esophagus and a toothy heart gnawing its way out of his chest—.
Let him die with dignity.
It sounded so very much like Tom, and Harry clenched his eyes as if that could stave off the horror that was his lover now. But he still had work to do and he owed it to Tom to do one last thing.He pressed the tip of his wand to the soft body before him.“Avada Kedavra.”Not Tom crumpled.“Tempus.”Harry opened his eyes.“Time of death: 6:47 PM.”Hermione was crying. Draco was murmuring something to Ron. Matron Strout began cleaning up the theatre.Harry was still kneeling, staring unfocused at the prone body before him. His eyes were still white. There was an ache in his chest, but it was nothing compared to what Tom would have gone through.He wished it was stronger.He wished he was stronger.He closed his eyes.They burn, but he has no tears left to cry. It’s your reflection Lily found him three days later.He was sitting in the gallery with bottles upon bottles of firewhiskey around him. He blinked up at her blearily as she approached.“Oh, Harry,” she sighed. “Harry, this isn’t healthy.”He took another swig as if he can’t hear her. “It hurts.”“I know, Harry-love.” She gently ran her fingers through his hair.“It doesn’t—,” he hiccuped, “hurt enough. I feel so numb, mama.”“Sweetie, I think you should go talk to a mind healer.”“The whiskey burns.”“That’s what firewhiskey does.”“It doesn’t burn enough. I want to hurt as Tom did.” He took another gulp.“Harry-love,” Lily began. “People die, Harry-love. People die and there’s nothing we can do about it. As healers, we can only try to delay the inevitable. And then we let them die with dignity.”He laughed a hoarse, self-loathing laugh. “Dignity. I turned him into an inferius. It was the most undignified thing that I could have done.”“You let him die in the end.”“The killing curse,” he whispered reverently. “I’ve been practising. He insisted, with the type of experimentation we were doing, that I should know how to cast it. I never thought I’d have to use it on him.”He searched her face. “Are the Aurors going to arrest me for it?”“No, Harry. Despite everything, you were authorised.”“Maybe they should.” He looks into the theatre. “I’m a murderer. I became a healer to save people and I have more death on my hands than lives saved. I killed so many people in this theatre. If I close my eyes, I can feel their ghosts. Katie Bell. I promised her she would fly again. Ernie Macmillan. I gave his Hanahaki flowers to the girl who couldn’t love him back. Cedric Diggory. We made a homunculus out of his heart. Tom Riddle. My love. I made a monster out of him.” He looked back at his mother. “Maybe they should lock me up.”Lily held his face gently between her fingers. “Harry-love. Never. From what I understand, the Vol De Mort project took impossible cases and tried to make something of them. That’s not plain healing. That’s research. That’s trying to do things no one has ever done before. It was highly unlikely you would be able to do it.”Harry closed his eyes. “Mama, it hurts.”“I know, darling.”“I am so… Sad. Don’t people cry when they are sad?”Lily could only nod.Harry’s face crumpled. “Why am I not crying? Is there something wrong with me?”“Everyone deals with it in a different way. Just because you’re not like everyone else doesn’t mean there’s something wrong with you.”“My eyes burn. My heart burns. But there are no tears coming out of my eyes and I feel broken.”Lily wrapped her arms around her boy, pulling him into her. “Oh, love. You’re anything but.”“Hermione told me once that he wasn’t the sun. I was.” He hiccuped again. “She told me to not let him eclipse me. She was wrong. He was the sun, blazing and glorious, and I was the moon. I took his light and reflected it back. I eclipsed him, but I am a pale substitute. He was a genius. His brain worked unlike any other, and oh, Merlin, I needed him more than air.”He curled his fingers gently around his neck, atop the bruises Not Tom gave him and cursed the human reflex that forced him to keep living.“It was such a beautiful day to conquer death. And I couldn’t fucking do it.”




Notes:

I'm literally starting this during finals I'm gonna DIE (expect slow updates)(next update will be longer)(so much longer oh my GOD)I hope you enjoyed my work!










Chapter 2: Go bury your demons
    


Notes:
Here's part two!By complete coincidence, it coincides with the new chapter of Grymmr!! Today we are blessed with 10 000 words of literary genius.

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
“When I first met Tom Riddle, I was drunk, and he was the best looking man I’d ever seen.” Eulogies were  shit . “I took him home and we did some things that I ended up not remembering cause I was drunk, but the next day, I found out he was Head of Spell Damage, and I’d just unknowingly slept with my boss.” There was a smattering of hesitant laughter in the audience. Harry’s face was unusually empty. “At the time, I regretted it. But then, later that day, we were in the theatre together, and he healed a man suffering from a Hela-wasting curse and a Heart-Fragmenting curse at the same time. I watched as he spoke life into a man, and in that moment, I knew. He was something extraordinary, and I was lucky enough to witness it. Witness him.  “That was my first day of being a Healer trainee, and he believed in me when my own mother didn’t. And that became everything to me. He didn’t care if my mother was Lily Evans or some tramp on the street. All he cared about was my ability to do my job. And he could be — he could be a right prick at times.” Harry breathed a light sound that could almost pass for a laugh. “I’m sure everyone who knew him also knew that part of him. But once you pried off that smirking, sarcastic skin of his, by Merlin, you had a genius on your hands. “To be able to watch him work was a great honour. To work beside him was beyond words. He solved problems before I could even identify them. His mind was sharper than a scalpel. He was the Light. “Tom Riddle: I loved you more than sand on the beach or stars in the sky. And I’m—” He choked and pressed a hand gently to his throat, half wishing the Inferius was still there. “I’m so fucking sorry.” 
 Looking back 
 “Hi Harry.”  It was Hermione. “Hi Hermione.” “Oh, Harry,” she sighed. “Look at you. You’ve— you’ve ruined yourself! And for a boy? Was it worth it?” “He wasn’t just a boy,” Harry replied quietly, kneeling before the gravestone. “He was glory. You or I, we could be glorious. But only he was  glory . “Of course it was worth it.” 

 To pull you down 

 Bellatrix looked terrible. Her eyes were blotchy, her mascara running and her hair a mess. When she stepped in front of Harry, he braced himself for her scathing remarks. They didn’t come. She exhaled slowly, her breath clouding the air before her like smoke in the sky. “I was going to yell at you, you know.” Harry nodded— he had expected her to. She knelt next to him. “I was going to scream myself hoarse over how you couldn’t save him and how incompetent you are, but seeing you today, I decided against it. You’re doing that enough yourself. I can see you in your eyes. You are broken, Harry Potter.” Harry just kept looking at her, because despite their differences, she was  right . (He couldn’t save him.) “So instead, I’m going to say this.” She lifted her hands and carefully placed them on his shoulders, gently, as if he would crumble before her. She turned him to meet her eyes. “Listen carefully, because I won’t say something like this again. Sometimes, people die.” He looked at her blankly as she continued. “Sometimes, people die and there’s nothing we can do to save them. They are our reminders to keep working, keep pushing.” She smiled at him, and it was an ugly thing, all teeth and no eyes. “Despite our differences, Harry I think you are great. I think you are  extraordinary . She let go of him and stood up. “Go prove that to the world, Harry.” She walked away. Harry watched, dumbstruck. Despite their differences, Bellatrix was consoling  him . (Despite everything, Bellatrix Black was not incapable of letting go.) 

So are you gonna

 The people began to disperse, murmuring muted condolences at Harry. He was still kneeling on the fresh soil in front of Tom’s gravestone. The dirt was soft and spongy  like the flesh of a human heart — no. Harry shook his head wildly as if it could rid him of the disturbing thought. He suddenly felt liquid rolling down his cheek and looked up — was he crying was he finally fixed was—. It was just rain. Big fat droplets of rain smacked into his skin and he stared up at the silver skies which had burst open like a dam, releasing heaven’s own floodgates along with Harry’s grief. The downpour was ceaseless and relentless just like Tom . “I think,” he said quietly, “that I could die without you.” There were so many things he regretted. Each time he had kicked Tom out of Grimmauld Place, threatening to call the Aurors, every moment spent waiting for Tom and his limited love for Harry. He  wished he had treasured their time more. In his eyes, Tom Riddle had been a God amongst men, immortal and infallible and infinite and there was nothing more beautiful. He would never let something as common as death stop him.  Except it did. For a moment, Harry resented Tom. But he quickly quashed that thought. Harry wasn’t allowed to resent Tom — Tom who was twisted and cynical and very, very dead. He wasn’t allowed to resent him anymore. Harry opened his mouth to  scream— . But nothing came out. He just caught a mouthful of rain, and it tasted like ashes and blood, or perhaps that was just his mouth, dry and bleeding from where he’d bitten his lip. “I’ll finish what you’ve started,” he whispered to the soulless grave. “I’ll continue your legacy. Your work, reborn in me. I’ll find a cure.” He closed his eyes and wished, desperate, that the rain would just wash him away. He knew like the feel of Tom’s kiss, that had their roles been reversed, Tom would have saved him. 

 Die today?

  He looked up when rain suddenly stopped falling on him. Luna stood next to him, holding a bright yellow umbrella. “He believed in me, too. He was the only one besides Dumbledore,” she told him. Harry couldn’t bring himself to speak. The rain kept falling around them, oblivious to their insignificance. People die and people cry and the wheel turned as Harry burned. “What you gonna do now?” Luna asked.  If he concentrated, he could feel the hot flames licking at his bruised knees and up his body, the heat of it  unbearable and Harry only welcomed it. But there were no flames engulfing him in a coffin of light, only this cold, damp ground and his soaked clothes seeping frost into his very bones. Luna’s voiced echoed. 
 What you gonna do now? 
 

 Or make it out

 “I’m applying for a sabbatical.” Dumbledore nodded. “I thought you would. I’ve prepared all the necessary paperwork. All you need to do is sign it.” He passed him the parchment and quill. “Here.” Harry glanced over it briefly and signed his name. “Thank you. I’ll see you again next year.” He turned to leave. “Harry.” He stopped.  “You are a strong boy. A brave boy. Go heal, and come back when you are ready.” “Healer Dumbledore. I am not strong. Tom was strong, and look where that got him.” “My boy, you mustn’t—.” “If I was strong, I would have been able to save him,” Harry interrupted. “But I couldn’t.” Luna's voice. Luna's words. 
What you gonna do now?
 He silenced her. He knew what he was going to do. 




Notes:

Next chapter is gonna take a lot longer (sorry!) >.< because1. It's a hard chapter2. I've barely started writing it (I've written some later scenes)3. I have exams to study forI'll try fit in some writing in between studying!Hope you enjoyed my work ^_^










Chapter 3: A storm is coming
    


Notes:
Sorry this is so late! It was a difficult chapter and my first exam is on Friday, wish me luck!

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
The stacks of parchment were filled with Tom’s handwriting. Harry spent a long time just staring at it. His elegant, looping script and sharp precise diagrams filled the pages while a slightly messier and more rushed scrawl filled the margins. Tom’s work was proof of his genius, and the sight of his writing was just so very Tom, it took Harry’s breath away.Merlin and Morgana, he missed him more than anything.The pages were brimming with ideas. Harry sets aside the notes on transplants since he’s already seen most of it and picks up the next stack.Surgically remove teeth? The header read. Below it, there was a simple sketch of a row of teeth and notes describing how they grew out of the heart. Harry read on, intrigued.Teeth – grow like mouth teeth, but huge roots. Can pull teeth by cutting along the root and detaching flesh. Tried on Gellert. Wound stays cursed; teeth grew back after 6 months. Cauterize flesh? Normal fire doesn’t work, try Fiendfyre? Or maybe too dark, is there a light magic fire?The notes stopped there. Of course, Harry winced, and it could almost be called a smile. Of course, he stopped at light magic, Tom didn’t know as much about it and wasn’t comfortable casting it. Harry kept the suggestion in mind though, as he moved onto the next stack.The Transfiguration Method, it read.Harry’s eyes widened. This was what Tom tried on Cedric.Transfig method – tried on Gellert. Reduced pain and symptoms and prolonged life expectancy approx. 6 months. Heart then forms a Cor Cordis – a sentient creature.Harry froze.Tom had known.He had tried this method on Gellert Grindelwald! He had tried this before, and he knew it would end up killing the patient. He had even recognised the Cor Cordis that Cedric’s heart became.Why, then, did he use the same method on Cedric?Harry recalled Cedric’s case.When Harry had first presented it to Tom, he had gone still for a moment before launching right back into action. But despite all his attempts to act normally, Tom had never approached this case with his usual drive.No, that wasn’t true, Harry thought. He was been driven to do one thing, and that was studying the Cor Cordis when Cedric died.Was that what he had wanted the whole time? To study the Cor Cordis?Harry would never know, because Tom was gone, and his secrets with him.Below that, Tom had drawn a diagram of the Cor Cordis and Harry still thought it was the most beautiful thing. More recently, in fresher ink, Tom had written:Test: Cedric Diggory. Performed same transfig, lived 6 months past predicted death. Cor Cordis formed the same. Seems to be a sort of inanimate-animate transfig. How does it fly?That was an interesting thought. How was the Cor Cordis able to fly? The short answer was probably “magic”, but wouldn’t that mean it had a magical core as well as sentience? And if it did, the million-galleon question became: how?Harry couldn’t make sense of this. He scribbled down his musings in the margins of that parchment and decided to go to Tom’s flat. There were simply not enough notes here.The flat was as messy as Harry remembered. He carefully picked his way across the floor and threw himself onto Tom’s couch. Placing the stack of notes he was holding on the side table, Harry picked up a pile from the floor, shuffled them so the pages straightened out, and began to read.Sorting his way through the different piles on Tom’s floor, Harry found half a dozen half-finished theories and a dozen more fleshed-out ones. It turned out Tom had researched a purifying substance made of light magic. There was no light equivalent of Fiendfyre, because the purpose of Fiendfyre was to destroy, not purify, and light magic did not destroy. But there was the Patronus charm, which was a manifestation of everything light and pure.Harry put everything related to this method into a pile and resolved to do some testing at some point. Only, he didn’t have anyone to test it on.He’d deal with that problem later.He continued sifting through the piles on the floor, categorizing them systematically into different possible methods for a cure. It was difficult, because much of it didn’t contain research for the Hearteater Virus at all, and some research ended in a half-finished sentence and a ripped page. Harry found a nineteen-page thesis on the ins and outs of the Inferius curse that got steadily messier towards the end before it cut off abruptly, the final page appearing to be missing.Harry sighed, finishing up with everything in the living room. It was early evening and the sun had just set. He hadn’t eaten all day, but he just didn’t get hungry anymore. He moved onto Tom’s bedroom.Stepping inside, Harry was immediately hit by the scent of fire and the rich sweetbitter taste of red wine on the back of his tongue. Tom’s scent. It had been barely noticeable out in the living room, but here… the air was thick with it. Harry made his way across the room, dropped his papers at the foot of the bed and buried his head in Tom’s pillow. He inhaled deeply, trying to memorise this smell before one day, inevitably, it would be gone.(Why were the best things mortal and fleeting?)He hugged the pillow to his chest, smothering his face in it, and finally, finally, his eyes began to prickle.Harry cried.Harry cried great, heaving sobs that had snot filling his nose until he couldn’t breathe and his eyes swelling up, red and puffy.No one had told him heartbreak felt like a Fury digging her claws into his chest and shredding him to ribbons. No one had told him grief felt like a tsunami sweeping you into a rocky shore over and over, and you were drowning, except it was agonisingly slow. The waves would recede, and you could come up for air, only for them to engulf you again, leaving you with a mouth full of seawater so salty it burned.(Salty like his tears. Burning like fire.)Harry closed his eyes for a single moment. 
Alive?
 The next thing he knew, sunlight was caressing his face as thick, warm blankets wrapped around him. He’d fallen asleep. Bathed in the smell of Tom, Harry reached his fingers out, searching for Tom’s, but the other side of the bed was empty.He pried his sleep-coated eyes open.Oh.The bed was empty because Tom was dead.A lump rose in Harry’s throat as that thought floated across his mind.Well, it didn’t matter now. Harry had one last task to finish.He got up and made himself a piece of toast, before continuing to sift through Tom’s notes.The bedroom had a lot less about the Hearteater Virus. Though Tom did have a bit of an obsession with the disease, it appeared his passion had always lain elsewhere. Still, there were some interesting notes here. Some more counter-curse ideas – Harry would need to learn Arithmancy to understand them – and the missing page from the paper dissecting the Inferius curse.Less than half the page had been filled, but he put it together with the previous page, and read. What it said shook Harry to the core.There are three parts that make up a whole magical being: the body, the magic and the soul. As long as the soul is still tied to the body, the wizard may still be revived. In performing a transplant, the new heart must be compatible with the body and magic, and the spell used to restart the heart must be able to restart their magic also. While the Inferius curse is able to achieve this, it was still created to animate soulless corpses. Thus, when an Inferius curse is cast on a living person, it detaches the soul from the body, leaving it unable to be revived. After all my research, I have been unable to find a spell that can restart a heart and a wizard’s magic without other unsavoury consequences. I therefore hypothesise that a new spell needs to be created.Harry’s breathing hitched.It seemed Tom had known this, too.(Did he know everything?)The Inferius curse had never been a solution. It was a possibility that Tom had proven to be an impossibility, yet Harry had gone right ahead and cast on Tom the very spell that had killed him.It felt like he was caught in an avalanche, buried under snow and ice. Cold: he was chilled to the bone. Because in the end, the thing that had killed Tom wasn’t Amos Diggory and the Hearteater Curse.It had been Harry.
You gotta conquer
The pensieve was marble white with jagged designs of thorns circling it. Harry stood in the Head Healer’s office, leaning over Dumbledore’s pensieve as a single, silvery memory swirled in the murky liquid. He stared at it, steeling his nerves. Gryffindor, he reminded himself. Cedric, Tom, he reminded himself, and fell into the memory.Tom lay on the gurney, face pale, as Harry slowly cast diffindo on his chest. He remembered his words. Body, magic and soul. In his heart, he already knew he was right. This was just confirmation.He watched Tom as past-Harry operated, drinking in the sight of him, the cut of his jaw; the curve of his cheekbones; as if he would never see him again. Who knew, perhaps he wouldn’t.Past-Harry began cutting away at Tom’s heart and present-Harry watched carefully. Body, magic, soul. He was especially looking out for the latter. Tom’s heart was carefully removed from his chest cavity, and present-Harry was briefly distracted by how beautiful it was. Deadly parasites should be ugly, and in a way, the Hearteater Curse was. It was a mess of jagged teeth and torn flesh, almost a bloody pulp. But in Harry’s eyes, it was the most beautiful thing.Draco commented on Tom’s impressive occlumency shields and Harry snapped back to reality. So, even without a heart, his soul was able to stay attached to his body. This all but confirmed his theory.Hermione’s slow, steady stitching had been frustrating to watch at the time, but now, Harry wished it could last forever. Because what came after that… Well, he didn’t want to relive it. But he needed to, he told himself. If he could kill Tom, he could do this one last thing for him.Her careful needlework seemed to last a lifetime, but now, it was over, and Tom’s soul was still attached to his body according to Draco. Present-Harry watched grimly as past-harry raised his wand and cast the Inferius curse.Instantly, there was something off in the air. Draco jerked. Past-Harry looked shocked.Tom was dead.So, he was correct.Harry stepped forward; his eyes glued to the sleeping form of his lover. No, not sleeping. The corpse of his lover. He reached out a hand, but it just passed through Tom’s face, reminding him this was only a memory.Harry snatched his hand back as if it had been burnt.He breathed heavily as he came out of the memory. His legs felt like they could collapse at any moment, but his resolve had never been stronger.In the end, Harry was a spell damage specialist. And in the end, the Hearteater Curse was a spell. And all spells had a counter.Harry just had to find it.




Notes:

So this chapter is a lot longer and not as pretty, which is why it took me ages to write, but it’s necessary for moving the plot along. Next chapter will come out very soon, cause I’ve already written half of it! While procrastinating for this chapter. Lol.You also see a lot of my theorising around the Hearteater Virus/Curse in this chapter. On The Monster Blog Of Monsters, the Heartsnake supposedly eats the diseased heart and transfigures itself to take its place. However, in Diagnosis, Tom, despite being a Parselmouth, did not use this method. With all the research he must have done into this condition, I concluded this snake probably doesn’t exist in Diagnosis-verse, therefore, I had to come up with my own solution. You’ll see this solution come into play next chapter!I hope you enjoyed my work!










Chapter 4: A million voices screaming "Stop, now"
    


Notes:
OHHHHHH WE'RE HALFWAY THEREThis chapter contains mild gore, as expected of a Diagnosis AU

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
“These disappearances are really getting out of hand,” Hermione said, taking a bite out of her croissant. She was holding a copy of the Daily Prophet. “Another one? What’s this, the twentieth?” Ron asked around a mouthful of bacon. Harry didn’t make eggs anymore. “Twenty-second,” Hermione corrected. “This time, it’s Cho Chang. She was in the year above us at Hogwarts.  “And they still haven’t caught them?” Neville asked incredulously. He continued buttering his toast in silence, listening to the discussion attentively. “No, they have no leads. The culprit is leaving no traces, which is easy for a wizard. There are also barely any connections between the victims – they don’t even know if they’re all linked, or if some of them are separate cases. They all just disappeared into thin air without any evidence!” Hermione ranted, visibly frustrated, her righteousness flaring up. “Calm down, Hermione,” Neville soothed. Harry bit into his toast and it tasted like ashes on his tongue. “Is there anything at all that connects the victims? Last I heard, they all had dark hair.” “Well, that’s not true anymore. A blonde has gone missing. Tracey Davis, she disappeared a week ago. Almost nothing connects the victims, except, perhaps, their averageness. Average height, average weight, average health. That’s about it. They all had completely unrelated jobs – one’s an apothecary, one’s a ministry intern, one’s a baker. There’s no connection between the lot. There are no clues!” Hermione was used to knowing everything and anything she didn’t know; she was always able to research and find out. This mystery, however, seemed insolvable, making her doubly frustrated.  “It’s almost as if the motive isn’t to hurt the  victims .” Harry finally decided to speak. “Either way, you lot need to be careful, alright? Don’t go anywhere alone and don’t go out after dark.” “Yeah mate, don’t worry. We’ll all stick together,” Ron replied, stuffing the last piece of bacon into his mouth. Hermione was also finishing her croissant. Harry followed suit, vanishing his toast.  “Harry!” she scolded. “You need to eat. You’re too thin.” He gave her a weak smile. “I’m not hungry. Anyway, you guys should go to work, you’re going to be late.” “Oh!” Hermione gasped, glancing at the clock. “You’re right. See you later, and don’t work yourself too hard, alright?” “I’ll be fine. Go!” Neville quickly ushered them out while Hermione and Ron bickered about how Ron always got up late. The door clicked shut and the cracks of apparition rang out. Harry was immediately out of his seat, flicking his wand at their dirty dishes and sending them to the sink. He was out of the door within seconds. The entrance to the basement looked like any other door in Grimmauld Place and was situated in the uninhabited half of the main hallway, making it perfect for this purpose.  Harry pushed open the door. Feeling his wards wash over him as he cast his eyes upon the prone figure tied to the gurney with magically strengthened ropes. Wide-eyed; terrified. Cho Chang. 
 The monster in your head
 The first disappearance had been Bella Farley.Harry hadn’t even been looking to kidnap her, but she was lying on the side of the road, drunk, and Harry had been needing to test his theories on someone for a while, so, he Side-Along Apparated her to Grimmauld Place. Somewhere along the way, she woke up and started screaming, but the basement was soundproof and warded so that his housemates wouldn’t see his utter obsession with the Hearteater curse.  He wished she would stop screaming. Her life was being given a greater purpose. She probably would have died lying on that street corner anyway. He lifted his wand and cast, carefully: “ Kardiafors Khawardan. ” The Farley’s screams cut off suddenly as she collapsed, her body seizing up, writhing all over his basement floor, and suddenly it wasn’t Farley, but Tom, Tom’s face, and Harry’s voice became not his own but Amos Diggory’s —. Then Harry was Harry again. Farley went limp. Harry shook himself out of it. What he was doing was bigger than himself or a few measly lives. This was his purpose. This was his Glory. Within seconds, he had her on the table, a  Diffindo  slicing her chest open. Her breasts spilled to either side, but Harry had never been attracted to what had enamoured so many of his classmates. He watched in awe as small, translucent teeth of cartilage grew from the ridges of her heart and began to gnaw at the flesh. It was savage and bloody, and another person would probably throw up, but to Harry, there was nothing more beautiful. Another cutting charm sliced open the flesh of the heart to reveal the root of the tooth, and he levitated the tooth out of the heart. He could do it with a scalpel, but no one knew if being bitten by a Hearteater Curse would lead to infection, and Harry didn’t want to risk himself now, when he had a task to complete still. He slowly chipped away at the row of teeth, working in silence until a neat line of raw flesh was all that remained.  Now, for the lightest spell he knew. He thought of the smell of a magical theatre, his first internal procedure, him, working side by side with Tom as they coaxed life into the breathless lips of a cursed man. The feeling after Harry’s first solo procedure, like he could take on the world without breaking a sweat. He thought of Tom, announcing, “It’s a beautiful day to conquer death.” Funny, how the place that gave Harry the most trauma was also where he felt the most content. 
 “Expecto patronum!” 
 A glowing, white snake poured out of the tip of his wand. It had changed. (Of course it had.) He guided the snake to the wound, letting it flick its tiny forked tongue out to lick it. The muscle shimmered pale silver, and the teeth faltered in their incessant consumption of flesh. Harry dared to hope, for just a second —.  The teeth reared back, before biting off the head of the serpent. The Patronus burst into glowing dust, before fading. Harry could only watch in shock. How  dark  was this curse, that it was able to  eat  a Patronus? He continued to operate through the night, but by the time the sun peeked over the horizon, she was dead. He cut the black lump out of her chest and burnt the body. He hadn’t even known her name. He found out from the papers, just like everyone else. 
 And then you'll fly
 Six months later, after trying countless different possible methods, Harry was back at the beginning. Full circle.  A transplant.  He’d brought Tracey Davis a week before, and it had taken him a week to find someone compatible. And here she was. Cho Chang. An upperclassman, according to Hermione. Harry wouldn’t know, and he didn’t particularly care anymore. “Hello, Cho.” She tried to get away from him, but the ropes held fast. Harry got right down to business and cast the spell. “ Kardiafors Khawardan. ” It rolled off his tongue easily now, after months of casting it over, and over. The girl passes out, but Harry didn’t bother with watching that anymore. Next to Cho lay Tracey Davis, who was also knocked out to prevent her from struggling. Slicing her chest open, Harry indulged himself for a single moment, watching the contractions of this miracle muscle. Then came the killing curse, instantly stopping the heart. Harry got to work, slicing through arteries. Clean, neat, precise. Everything he had been berated for not being. Everything he was now.   He neatly lifted the healthy heart out of Tracey’s chest, before doing the same to Cho. Placing the new heart inside the empty chest cavity, he cast the new spell Hermione had created which sewed flesh together with unicorn hair magically.  Who knew? Hermione had inadvertently helped him. Now everything had come to this. His self-study of spell creation and arithmancy was for one reason. Yes, he smiled. Everything was coming together.  “Vita animae!”   He cast, twisting his wand in a complicated motion. It wasn’t the Inferius curse. It was his own creation, made solely for this purpose. Cho’s body jerked. She woke with a gasp. Harry stood, stunned. He’d done it.




Notes:

This would have been shorter if triangularium didn't tell me that they were excited to see Harry explore the possible solutions to the Hearteater curse so yeah.Next chapter is one hundred percent not written yet so expect a looong wait (I'm sorry! I didn't want exams, they were forced on me!)I hope you enjoyed my work!










Chapter 5: You're playing God now
    


Notes:
Shit's going DOWN in this chapter!

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
“Harry?” He looked up to see Hermione standing in the doorway of his bedroom. “Hey, Hermione. Why aren’t you at St Mungo’s?” “They sent me to get you,” she replied, throwing him a forest green healer robe. “Come on. A patient came in with the Hearteater Virus.” The expression that took over Harry, chasing away the tired, lifeless look on his face… Hermione had seen it before, on Tom Riddle’s face, whenever he got to use the magical theatre. It was  delight . “Alright. Give me ten minutes to change and gather my notes. Oh, and I’ll need a body for the transplant. You’ll probably have to ask the Department of Mysteries.” And with that, the door was shut in Hermione’s face. She sighed and made her way back to St Mungo’s. There was still work to do.
 Fly, phoenix, fly 
Silence. The theatre was silent, and the air was heavy with the dead. Harry closed his eyes, taking a few deep breaths, then opened them again. Marcus Flint on his right. Adrian Pucey on his left. Matron Strout in the corner. “Diffindo! ” Just like last time. Only, it wasn’t. This time, Harry knew what he was doing. He knew it would succeed, he knew how to succeed, he knew. 
 But the others didn’t.
 And that meant he couldn’t appear too sure of himself. He could feel the eyes on him in the gallery, watching with bated breath. Waiting; waiting for him to mess up again; waiting for him to show them he was broken. Well, he was, but that didn’t matter. Not when everything had aligned for him. He had cured the Hearteater Curse, but there had been no way for him to showcase it. He couldn’t just tell people that he had a pile of bodies in his basement, after all. But then, Hermione came, and with her, an opportunity. 
Glory.
 He kept a hint of uncertainty on his expression and slowed his pace. His usual speed would indicate a familiarity he could not explain. He kept his wand movements slow and just a little imprecise, the way he used to work. It took longer than he would have liked, but Harry was soon able to lift the diseased heart out of Flint’s chest and replace it with the healthy one. He began stitching the heart back together with unicorn hair while he told his audience what he was doing. “Eight months ago, I participated in a failed procedure involving the Hearteater Curse. Since then, I have spent every waking moment studying this disease and researching a cure. I hypothesise that Healer Riddle’s original idea of a heart transplant was the correct one. However, the use of the Inferius curse to restart the heart was not. In fact, no known spell can perform such a feat. I have therefore created a new spell.” He carefully knotted the end of the unicorn hair. “ Vita animae! ” Flint gasped. Harry smiled.
 It’s time for 
Harry ducked his head into the book he was reading as a couple of healer trainees sat down at a table near him. He wasn’t shy — never been, really, but they were talking about him, and that was always awkward. “—Seen this article? Harry Potter successfully performed a  heart transplant,” a female sounding voice gushed. Ah, yes. Apparently, his discovery had been important enough for the Annual Review to write about. “Oh, yes! I was there, in the gallery. Potter cured an incurable disease by creating a new spell. It was… Ingenious, really,” a slightly more masculine voice replied. “Oh, come on, Colin. It’s way bigger than just a cure. Potter’s proved that, so long as the soul stays attached to the body, it is still possible to revive someone whose heart has stopped. That’s more than simply finding a cure, that completely revolutionizes the healing world! Everything changes now. Think of all the lives that could be saved with this new method!” The first voice said. Another person made a hum of agreement. “Lilith is right, this is massive news. Did you know Harry Potter is Lily Evans’ son, though?” “Lily Evans?” the second voice — Colin, asked. “Like, the person who was featured throughout our entire Hogwarts curriculum, Lily Evans?” “Yes, that Lily Evans. Though, with what Potter’s been able to do, he probably outshines his mum at this point,” Lilith replied. “Merlin, what I would give to be in that family. The father’s Head Auror, and they have two of the greatest healers of all time. There’s word of a younger sister coming to St Mungo’s, I wonder if she’ll carry on the Potter-Evans legacy.” Harry could laugh. People wanted his life? “I dunno about that family, Lils, that sounds like a lot of pressure. Oh! Look, Gilderoy Lockhart released a new book—.” And with that, Harry was no longer the topic of their conversation. He continued eating his muffin and reading his book as they prattled on about things Harry wasn’t interested in. Soon, they were summoned for duty as their wands began spitting sparks. Harry sat and finished his muffin, before getting up to leave. His eyes caught on the copy of the Annual Review one of them had left behind. The figure of him standing in the magical theatre was plastered over the front, as well as the headline:  First-ever magical heart transplant!  Harry smiled. Finally, he had his glory. Finally, all the conditions had been fulfilled.
 A new empire 
Hermione had been watching Harry. When he talked with them at breakfast his smile didn’t reach his eyes. Every time someone mentioned the disappearances, he changed the subject — subtly, of course, but Hermione was a genius and she noticed. And though all their bedrooms are on the left end of the hallway or up the stairs which were  also  on the left end and there was nothing towards the right, she caught Harry looking that way sometimes before turning left and heading to his room. Once Hermione had left a notebook at home and apparated back to fetch it. Upon exiting her bedroom, she had seen a flash of black disappearing into a room towards the right. She hadn't thought much of it then, but piecing all of this together, she could see, clear as day. Something was wrong with Harry. Harry had left to go see his parents, and he had said goodbye with a quiet kind of finality. He had kissed her cheek and smiled at her, but Hermione knew him well enough to tell he hadn't smiled right since Tom died. So, Hermione waited until she saw him Apparate away in the window, then walked towards the door she had seen Harry disappear into. The air in front of that door tasted odd, but she ignored it, thinking it was just her paranoia. She didn't notice the thick magic surrounding that door, or the heavy wards around it, so heavy it almost removed itself from the Black house and made itself a separate entity. No, Hermione had always let curiosity get the better of her. Curiosity killed the cat, she supposed. Instead, she pushed through without a second thought, so sure of herself that she could  do nothing wrong  . But as soon as the door was pushed open, the wards grabbed her and  yanked  her inside, slamming the door shut behind her. She was pulled down the stairs, tied to the wall and —  oh . She vomited onto her shoes because she was a healer and she had seen the horror the human body could become, but she had never seen anything like this.  There were three people strapped to metal tables in a row on one side of the room, and Hermione recognised them from the  Prophet's  articles — Justin Finch-Fletchey, Kevin Entwhistle and Cho Chang. In the corner of the room was a pile of bodies,  burning bodies,  and the pungent smell of burnt flesh was what had caused Hermione to throw up in the first place. Most of them were charred and unrecognisable, but the newest one was still mostly whole, and she was Tracey Davis, and there was a gaping hole in her chest and  oh, Merlin, was  Harry  responsible for the disappearances?  But the worst part was the wall opposite where the three living victims were tied up. Rows upon rows of glass display cases filled with  human hearts.  Human hearts with teeth. 
   
It was the Hearteater curse. Each of them was frozen under a strong stasis charm, each torn and mauled and gnawed at by cursed teeth. Hermione knew Harry well enough to understand. Each of them was a failure and a reminder. Each of them was labelled with names of missing victims from the  Prophet . And in the middle... Two hearts, in huge glass cases. The one on the left was the most deformed of them all —  it had grown  eyes  of all things.  It was labelled:  Cedric Diggory . Next to it was a pale pink thing that had been carefully cleaned (none of the others had been). The aorta was torn through and a row of teeth biting into bloodless flesh and a label. 
 Tom Riddle. 
 Hermione  screamed . The door opened.




Notes:

Yeah... Shit's going down. This is the beginning of the end.I hope you enjoyed my work!










Chapter 6: Conquer the monster
    


Notes:
I'm so screwed for my math exam.....But it's okay cause you guys get fic!

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
"Hey Dad," Harry said. He was standing in the doorway of the Auror office. "Harry! Hi, come in. Tea?" James got up, ushering him into the seat across the table. "Please," he replied. "Hi, Sirius." "Hey, Harry! How've you been?" Sirius greeted, loping over as James handed him some tea. His hands wrapped around the mug like a lifeline. "I've been... As well as to be expected, I suppose. Working... Helps." It doesn't, but that's what a normal person would say. Sirius whistled. "Merlin, Harry. I dunno what you saw in the guy. Every time I spoke to him, he was such a  prick. " "Sirius!" James exclaimed. "Have some tact!" And wasn't  that  ironic, James Potter telling someone to have some  tact?  "Wha— oh." Sirius stopped abruptly, looking at Harry, who seemed to be on the verge of tears. The Harry of before might have laughed and said, "But he's my prick." The Harry of now... He only felt mild annoyance, pale and watery. But he could use it to get what he wanted out of James. He moulded his face into the appropriate expression, willing tears into his eyes as he looked up at his Godfather. "How could you say that, Sirius? He's dead now, can't you leave him be?" "Harry—." "Please leave,” he said quietly. "I can't handle you right now." Sirius looked crestfallen but did as Harry said. James patted Harry's back awkwardly. "I'm sorry, Harry. You know Padfoot, he never thinks before he acts."  Neither do you , Harry thought. "I know. I forgive him. I just... can't deal with that right now." James nodded sympathetically. "Tell me if there's anything I can do to help, alright?" Harry shook his head. "I'm fine, thanks..." He paused, pretending to think about it. "Actually, dad, there is one thing..." "Go on, Harry." "Could I... Could you get me a visitor permit to Azkaban?" James' eyes widened in surprise. "Why do you need an Azkaban permit? Don't tell me you want to go to that godforsaken island." "I... I need to see Amos Diggory. I need closure." Yes, closure. That was one way to describe it. "Closure," James repeated. "Harry, it's unofficial, but those permits are supposed to be for family members only." "Please, dad. I've barely asked anything of you ever, and I'll never ask for anything again. Just this one thing." James sighed. "Alright. Just this once, you hear? And don't tell anyone I let you do this, alright?" Harry nodded vigorously. "Of course." He's not planning on telling anyone. James dug around his mess of a desk for a while before pulling out a form. He handed it to Harry along with a quill. "You just need to write your name here, the name of the person you're visiting here, and sign here," he explained, pointing to the relevant places. "To get into Azkaban, you need to take the ferry—." "I know," Harry interrupted, quickly filling out the form. It was time to go home — someone had set off his wards. He handed it back for James to sign. "Thank you for doing this." James' eyes softened. "I'm sorry I wasn't the best father for you. I hope I can make it up to you." Harry took the permit from him. "Of course you can." (He lied.) Humans thrived on approval. It was all too easy to manipulate that. 

 Go bury your demons 



Harry waltzed into the basement, Hermione's scream ringing in the air. He frowned at the girl staring horrified at Tom's heart. "Don't you find it beautiful?" Hermione spun to face him, her eyes comically wide. "Harry! I— what— you did this?" "Well, yes. It's my house," he stated like it was obvious. " You're  the one behind all the disappearances?" "They served a magnificent purpose, don't you think? I cured an incurable disease." "And you killed how many people in the process? Harry, you're a  healer ," she cried. "I COULDN'T HEAL HIM!" he exploded suddenly. "Neither of them," he whispered. "Tom and Cedric both. I'll be damned if I let this curse defeat me." "Harry—." "No, Hermione. Stop. It doesn't matter. My motives don't matter. What I did doesn't matter. Nothing matters anymore, Hermione. We're in the endgame now." He muttered a spell, untying her. "You have impeccable timing, you know? I have one thing left to do." He took one last glance at Tom's heart. "Do what you want, tell the Aurors, I dunno. I'm off to Azkaban. Goodbye, Hermione." He apparated away. 

 Then tear down 



The skies above Azkaban were perpetually in darkness. Dementors loomed, and Harry could feel darkness pressing on the edge of his mind. The water churned a deep, inky black, but the presence of his Patronus around his neck comforted him. The ferryman did not speak. Silence. The way Harry liked it. The small boat approached the shore and landed with a soft thump. As soon as both of Harry's feet were on Azkaban soil, the ferryman pushed off the island and began rowing back to the shore. Someone was probably coming for him. Hermione had probably alerted someone. Which meant Harry had to be quick. There was an auror manning the front desk, half-asleep with drool leaking out of his mouth. "Hello," Harry said. The auror started and woke. "I'm here to visit Amos Diggory," he continued, placing the form on the desk. The auror frowned suspiciously, but there was nothing wrong with the permit. He nodded reluctantly. "That seems to be in order. He's in there, the fifth cell on the right," the auror said, pointing towards a corridor. "Do you need me to show you?" "No, it's alright. That seems simple enough." Harry fingered his wand, his gait relaxed. Out of the corner of his eye, he watched the auror carefully. As soon s he looked down again, his wand was raised. "Somnus." The auror had just enough time to widen his eyes in surprise before he slumped in his chair, asleep. Harry began to make his way to Diggory's cell. The inmates were subdued, most not even looking up as he passed. Some curled up in the corner, their hair matted and limp, their bodies unwashed. The place smelled of stale urine and human faeces, but Harry pushed through. Diggory was paler than he'd ever seen him. His skin clung to his bones, and his facial hair was as long as his face. He'd suffered. Harry smiled. Good. If Tom didn't get to live, neither did Diggory. "Hello, Amos." Diggory raised his head slowly as if it was the hardest thing he'd ever done. Recognition burned in his eyes. "Harry... Potter..." he croaked, noticing the wand in his hand. "Here... to kill me?" He tilted his head. "Of course. Any last words?" he asked, pointing his wand through the bars. Diggory just closed his eyes. " Kardiafors Khawardan ." Diggory jerked, but his life escaped of him quickly. " Diffindo, accio ." Diggory's chest ruptured and his heart came soaring towards Harry. He caught it in his hand, gripping it tightly to cage the chomping teeth and not allowing them to eat him. They zigzagged across the muscle like a badly patched up quilt, a disease, an abomination, a defeated enemy. The Hearteater curse didn't scare him, no. It should be scared  of  him. Blood dripped over Harry's hand and onto the ground with soft  plop-plop  sounds, like the first drops of rain before a thunderstorm. The sinews had been ripped to shreds and the blood gleamed dully, but Harry had never seen anything more beautiful.  He still had a smile on his face when he slotted the point of his wand into the hollow of his neck. If Tom didn't get to live, neither did he.




Notes:

YUP YUP SHIT'S GONE DOWN WE'RE IN THE ENDGAME NOWI hope you enjoyed my work!










Chapter 7: Fly, phoenix, fly
    


Notes:
It's late, but it's here!
Welcome to the end.

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
"Harry!" James shouted.
 
No. No. No. This could not be happening. When Hermione Granger came to him crying about his Harry being responsible for the disappearances, his first thought had been that she was lying. He had just seen Harry, and he had seemed, well, sad, but normal! But Miss Granger had seemed genuine enough, and James wasn't exactly allowed to ignore warnings, even if they were from the general public. And what she was saying  was  true — Harry  had just asked for an Azkaban permit.
 
So he went to check on his least favourite place in the world, agitatedly waiting for the ferryman to come back before taking him over. Arriving at the Dementor-infested island, he realised that the guard wasn't simply asleep, but cursed. He swore, breaking into a run to find Diggory's cell.
 
He never reached it. He skidded to a stop and froze in horror, unable to move as Harry turned.
 
"Hi, Dad."
 
He had a beatific smile on his face and his eyes danced, brighter than James had ever seen them. His right hand held his wand to his own neck, but his left held a human heart. Amos Diggory's heart.
 
Aurors had stomachs of steel, but James had never seen a heart. With teeth, he realized. It was suffering from the Hearteater Curse. Despite his son's obsession with it, he had never seen it before. Now, he wished he never had to see this — the sight of his son, with blood dripping from his fingertips, caressing a cursed heart. James Potter was an Auror, but he turned his head and retched because it was  foul, utterly foul. 
 
Harry frowned at the bent-over form of his father currently emptying his stomach onto the ground, his grip on his wand loosening slightly. "What's wrong? Don't you think it's beautiful?" he asked, gazing at Diggory's heart, enchanted. “There’s nothing more beautiful than a good magical disease.”
 
"No... Harry, why...?"
 
"Why what?" his tone was icy. "Why did I cause those disappearances? They served a magnificent purpose. It was me versus the disease. I decided to recruit some help. And it worked, didn't it? I  won  . Even Tom Riddle couldn't defeat this disease.  I  did. I got the glory."
 
James took a moment to look at his son, and for all his bravado, he could not stop his tears. He could see none of his boy in the sparkling eyes before him — though, perhaps, he had never seen his son. He had never seen the boy with an inferiority complex and a fear of failure so huge he became a serial killer to prove himself. He had ignored the person before him and only seen what he had wanted. Still...
 
"Harry... You're a healer. Did you not take the oath? First, do no harm?"
 
He snorted, more cynical, more alive  than James had ever seen him. "I stopped being a healer when I let four people die in the same magical theatre. If I'm already a murderer, why stop there?"
 
He was still smiling as if everything was going according to plan; as if all of this just amused him. James pursed his lips, taking in his son for the last time, and said, "You know what I have to do."
 
"Arrest me. Yeah." Harry just wouldn't stop grinning, his wand still pressed int he crook of his neck.
 
"It'd be easier if you didn't resist."
 
"I wasn't planning to. My work here is finished." His grip on his wand tightened.
 
"Maybe I'll get to see Tom again."
 
He was still smiling, as he whispered two words, reverently, tasting them on his tongue for the last time. Too late, James realised what he was doing.
 
" Kardiafors Khawardan ."

   

" Stupefy !"
 
Too slow. James watched the red glow of his stunner bleed into the wall behind Harry as his son crumpled to the ground.
 


 The ceiling 


 
"My friendship with Harry Potter was not instant."
 
Eulogies were  shit .
 
"We did not click after two words like they do in teen novels.”
 
They were Hermione Granger and Harry Potter. They were far from ordinary. 
 
“We were rivals, and I resented him for his blue blood, amongst other reasons I'll not go into. But despite our mutual dislike, we were remarkably similar.
 
"We were both extremely driven, persevering individuals with a bit of a chip on our shoulders — with something to prove. And because of this, we understood each other. When I toppled from the ledge, he was there to catch me when I fell. And I was there for him.
 
"Oh, we argued. We were both strongly opinionated, mulish people who would defend our own beliefs without giving in. But we were each other's support system. We were there for each other through all the unhealthy actions we committed — which numbered greatly."
 
Hermione paused for a breath.
 
"I was his person. He was mine. And if there's one thing I regret, it's that I wasn't enough to save him in the end."
 
She looked up from her page of notes and out into the crowd of mourning faces — mourning the person he was... before. Her tears welled, and she gave a weak smile.
 
"He's in a better place now. One where he won't hurt anymore. Despite everything he did in the end, I hope he is at peace."
 


 Phoenix, fly 


 
When Lavender found out people weren't using Harry's method of curing the Hearteater Virus because of the fact her brother had been a serial killer, she swore up a storm, sending her mother's favourite vase crashing to the tiled floor in the process.
 
Ginny just sighed and cast a  reparo , before pulling her into a hug. Lavender melted into her embrace, shaking from grief and rage.
 
"Who cares how the method was created? The fact is, it saves lives! Are they just going to let all those people die in vain?" she cried.
 
Ginny just shook her head sadly, rocking her softly as she sobbed.
 
So, when Lavender entered St Mungo's as a trainee a year later, her head was held high.
 
Whispers followed her — she was Lily Evans' foster daughter, you know? Wonder if she'll carry on the Evans legacy or if it's just not in her blood. Her brother was Harry Potter, you know? The one that went insane after Healer Riddle was killed and became a serial killer before he killed himself. Reckon any of that rubbed off on her? Merlin, I hope not. That Potter was a right nuisance the whole time he was here. Apparently whored himself out to his boss for more interesting patients.
 
People sneaked covert glances at her as she passed, eyeing her up, fingers subtly pointing out her scars.
 
Lavender ignored them all.
 
She was here for one purpose, and that was to perform the procedure her brother had killed to create. Had  died to create.
 
She had lost her brother and his lover to this curse.
 
She wouldn't let it take anyone else.
 
She smoothed her hunter green robes reverently as faint sunlight glimmered off them and thought there was
 
nothing
 
more
 
                 beautiful.
 

 Fin. 

 




Notes:

I'm sorry this took so long, I was extremely torn on whether I was going to kill Harry, and whether this is glorifying suicide. I decided, in the end, that Harry's work was finished, and I didn't want him to be arrested and sent to Azkaban. I am absolutely not endorsing suicide! Please, if you are considering it, seek help!
Here are a list of suicide helplines if you need someone to talk to. I will also be willing to listen to anyone who wants to speak with me, either here or on Discord.
On a brighter note, here ends my first ever WIP! I promised to myself two years ago I would never again post a chaptered fic until it was finished. I broke that promise, but hey, I finished the fic!
Please come yell at me on the Tomarrymort Discord, I'm paradisetrain there as well.
As always, I hope you enjoyed my work!