Work Text:
Sized for mobile:
Full size:


Theo Nott was built like a Chaser. Slender, sinewy. Hates Quidditch, Draco had said, and Nott never made it into Slytherin's Quidditch team. He doesn't care one bit for it, Draco had added when Harry asked. Theo and Draco had been lovers once after all, Draco's first. It was intimate, this knowledge of what Theo cared for, or rather, for what he didn't care. But he cared for Draco. That much Harry understood.They were back at Hogwarts for the seventh year Harry had never had. All of them were back: Hermione and Ron. Draco and Nott. Parkinson and Zabini. Neville and Luna. Draco had said, "We didn't have a seventh year, either." And had gone on about stupid professors, out-dated teaching methods, and sub-standard lessons unworthy of the finest school in the Wizarding world. He never said the Carrows or torture. He never said pureblood propaganda. Not in so many words. But he was making amends to Harry, at least, with every kiss and caress.Theo sat at the window, waterplants swaying behind him. It was only Harry's fourth time down in the Slytherin common room; he was still getting used to having fish swim by when looking outside. Theo was immersed in writing something, the Charms essay, Harry would have bet on it. It was only due in a week but Theo loved Charms. The watery green light moved over his face and hair. He had one leg raised, the other stretched out on the window bench – an expanse of skin and well-defined muscles. Slytherin shirt, no shoes, just dark green socks that were a bit too large for him. Writing with his left hand, Harry noticed, with a feather that had to be brown but seemed olive in the eerie light."I can't believe," Harry said quietly, "that we used to call him the weedy-looking boy."Draco, who had been watching Harry, gave a small laugh that made Nott look up, grin at him and turn his attention back to the parchment. He hadn't let on that he even registered Harry's presence at Draco's side."We have all grown up," Draco said. "But now I think it's time for proper introductions."❤️🌲❄️🌲❤️