Chapter 1: The window in the hall
    




Chapter Text
“Are you serious?!” James yelled. “You can’t quit Quidditch! You’re the best beater in years!””Of course I’m Sirius,” Sirius replies, a grin on his face. Remus smacked him. “Don’t be ridiculous-”That was when some giant white floaty thing appeared about three or four metres above the Head Table.Commotion ensued - what was this? Why was it here?Then they heard laughing echoing. “Is that the best you’ve got?”White tendrils stretched into the hall, the curtain bulging as a man fell into it. “SIRIUS!” “Harry- no- he’s gone, Harry I’m sorry-”“I killed Sirius Black, I killed Sirius Black!”And all the while the man was falling, falling through, to Hogwarts—And landed with a distinct thud on the flagstones.James, being James, ran over to see if he was okay.“Prongslet? No- Prongs- what?”Sirius stepped over to the man, and said, “Hello?”“What?”  









Chapter 2: The other Sirius Black
    


Summary:

I have no idea what I’m doing I didn’t write a plot or anything, I just started writing





Chapter Text
Sirius Black had seen a lot of things in his life, but not his own face looking down at him. Don’t let the madness take you, Padfoot, just keep breathing. Think of Harry, of Remus- Except Harry didn't exist here, Remus was thirteen and James and Lily were alive and well, Lily still friends with Snivellus. Wait! Reggie! He was still alive... his brother is still alive! He could mend it, fix all his relationships and save everyone, then he could, maybe, slip back to his time and have everything fixed here, not let his younger self make all the mistakes he did, save them all. This was enough motivation for Sirius, and he pushed himself up. He breathed, and said, "My name is Sirius Orion Black, or Padfoot, and I am from the future.""Oh, hey Minnie, looking better than you do in the future," he grinned, winking flirtatiously.The total and utter chaos was worth it, because of the lok on her face.