Work Text:


All I want for Christmas by Mariah Carey


 


I don't want a lot for Christmas




There is just one thing I need




I don't care about the presents




Underneath the Christmas tree




I just want you for my own




More than you could ever know




Make my wish come true oh




All I want for Christmas is you







Christmas 1986

 


Dear Sirius, 


 


It's been 5 years now, 5 long years I have had to spend without you. 




I'm not sure if you're aware but it is almost Christmas again. 




Some silly part of me is still hopeful that on Christmas eve, you will show up with a pine tree. 




With that grin on your face, saying I have to get the decorations and you will place the tree in our living room. 




After, we would decorate it together, you remember? You would have some strange idea again about the color combinations, and I would laugh and let you decorate. 




God, some of the Christmas trees looked hideous, but I loved them because the memory that was created during the decorating was precious to me. 




I watch those memories sometimes. I don't really know why I would make myself suffer like that. But I do it anyway. 




This year, I wrote a letter to Santa. Yes, I'm aware he is not real, I can see you laughing at me. I asked him to somehow prove your innocence and bring you back to me. Because all I want for Christmas is you. Nothing else would make me happier. 




I miss you Sirius Black, I miss you so much. It still hurts every day, and I'm counting the days we have been separated. 




Hopefully, you and I will be reunited one day. 




Till then you will be in my heart and in my mind. 


 


Your beloved, 


 


Remus


 

Gently he wiped the tears away that had fallen while writing the letter. Reaching under his bed, he took the wooden box and opened it. 

 

The box was filled with papers. Letters. Each and every one was addressed to Sirius. With one final look at his newest letter, he placed this one in the box too, before closing it and placing it back under the bed. 

 

One day, Sirius would be able to read all the letters. One day, they would be reunited and he would know happiness and love again.