Work Text:
Her breath echoed through her ears, her heart pounding in her head as she ran through the dark. There were branches and leaves crunching underneath her shoeless feet that felt as if she were walking on needles, the leaves rustling around her sounding as if there were dozens of other humans running alongside her. But there was nothing at all to see, just dim and shadowed nature. Then from one moment to the next, even those vague shapes of trees disappeared into blackness with a searing pain on her jugular and a loud growl riding upon the wind right as a pulling sensation began low in her stomach. ~ Remus took a rare moment of peace to read in the midst of a, for once, quiet household full of Weasleys. Plus a Potter boy. The twins were who knows where, most likely avoiding their mother after a day of explosions that left scorch marks on the walls as the youngest of the brood sat talking with Harry in the kitchen. Sirius lay dozing on the couch next to him with his feet in his lap just like when they were teens. Twisting his wrist around to look at his watch, lines appeared between the brows at the top of his scarred face.
 11:30pm… Hermione should have been here by now. 
Closing his book, he patted Sirius’ legs murmuring at him to lift them, getting a grumble in return but the darker headed man did as he said.“Did Hermione say she was going to be late?” He asked Harry and the two redheads, sudden worried looks replacing their previous smiles. “We should-” he cut himself off as he heard a faint thump outside where Grimmauld Place steps were hidden.“What’s the matter?” Ginny asked they saw his head move towards the front of the house, not catching as his nose flared, nor the new yellow tinge to his eyes.“Stay here,” he told them, pulling out his wand and sighing as they copied him and raised from their seats. His wolf was on sudden alert, but he had yet to understand why.Passing a now alert Sirius he walked softly down the hall as if whoever was outside could hear through the walls. Another faint thud resounded through the hall just before Remus pulled it open with his wand in front of him threateningly, a growl poised just in the back of his throat.
 “Hermione!” 
Remus stood in shock for a moment, just long enough for him to scan the wild eyed girl’s dirt covered face, uncovered bloody feet topped with bright purple, and a familiar looking bloody bite along the juncture of her neck. He caughter her just in time as the hands that had been braced on each side of the doorframe slipped, her eyes rolling back in her head.“Somebody call Dumbledore! Now!” ~ Hermione’s head felt full of air and yet heavy as stones, her body consumed by fire. For days she had been in and out of consciousness, bits and pieces of familiar voices surrounding her. She longed for something to make it stop, they tried she knew, but nothing helped. Every hand that tried to smooth her hair back from her forehead, or pinky that brushed along her arm as they rearrange the covers felt like ants crawling over her skin. Ants trailing down her arms, over her breasts, into the pit of her stomach that had only grown since the moment her lifeblood flowed into the mouth of the thing that did it’s level best to kill her.Some voices were disoriented as if they were coming from downstairs, but the clearest ones were those right at her bedside. She didn’t understand what they were saying, it was all nonconsequential words forming sentences she should know the meaning to… but she didn’t. Not at this point where at that mattered was the emptiness and pain.
 “What caused this, the girl’s suffering?” A deep melodic voice asked, void of emotion yet something still hidden just beneath the surface. The voice that belonged to the body smelling of herbs and spices. 
 “It’s forbidden… but the one that bit her must have rejected the bond.” Replied the man reeking of sadness, and  otherness.  The something growing in the back of her mind recognizing it as the same as itself, and yet entirely different. “It could be one of Greyback’s pack. It wasn’t a full moon the night she showed up.” 
 “What will happen to her?” Another familiar sorrowful man asked, the candied man. 

 There was a pause, “If the Pack’s Alpha doesn’t form a bond of their own with her to override the rejected one by her first transformation… she will die.” 

 Silence… silence… silence… footsteps retreating and two men remained looking at the fevered body of a slowly dying Hermione Granger. 

 The silver haired man sighed deeply, “Turning her over to Greyback is not an option. Voldemort will use her to gain access to Order secrets, utilizing her Alpha’s power.” 

 The scarred man stared in silence at him once again… silence… he knows what the man who turned him was like, his own scar pulsing with the reminder. That large sharp mouth covering his once small and fragile neck that now pulsed with underdeveloped muscle, muscle still scarred white by the most faded scar upon his body. The scar Dora’s fingers always seemed to gravitate towards in their post- coital bliss. 

 “Not an option,” he whispered, reaching out to hold a bruised hand resting on Hermione’s stomach.  
The screaming in her head calmed as a sudden soothing growling reached across the distance between a wolf and a half witch, lulling her away from her pain. Three days later, her hazy eyes opened once the growling in her mind became so loud the fear of the further pain she would endure meant nothing to the point of where she could finally dizzily and slowly peel away the sweat soaked sheets away from her bare legs. Her hand dragging heavily along the dirty wall as hair fell in her face, Hermione barely felt her feet touch the ground.
 Have to get out… have to get out… have to go to him… he’ll make the pain go away…  
These thoughts were repeated in her head as each step she took completed an agony she would never know after this day. It was such a disorienting feeling that she didn’t know she had reached the living room until several voices said her name in alarm. “  Hermione,  what are you doing?” Remus came into her view, and her eyes flashed yellow in response. He put his arm up behind him in an attempt to tell the others silently that they should back up as he fought his instincts for his own eyes to change.“Where is he, Remus?” She barely understood what she was saying as her body collapsed against the wall, her head swaying back and forth as her knees became weaker by the second but refused to buckle.  “Where is he?” She could hear the plain, naked pleading in her voice as if someone else asked him the question using her body.“You can’t go to him, Hermione.”She refused to listen as the developing sickened wolf in her bared her teeth in the back of her mind, waiting to go for the jugular as her last dying action in much a similar action as what had caused the situation she found herself in.“It  hurts,  Remus.” Tears were streaming down her cheeks as her vision cleared momentarily, watching as her friends stared at her from behind him with sorrowful eyes. Although, there was one man hiding in the shadows of the house in which the humans could not see, yet she could lay eyes on perfectly that held an unexplainable anger which she would have flinched from if it were not the fact she forgot it the moment she saw it in favor of getting to the man she needed. “I  need him. I can feel him calling to me, but I can’t reach him.”He took as step forward and her shackles raised, “He will kill you, Hermione. Your sire rejected you, you were turned into an abomination when he did. Greyback is not the type of man nor Alpha that would give you the help you needed, regardless of who you are to the Light.” 
 One more step forward my girl… and strike! 
Hermione lashed out in her first and last moment of strength that she had, pushing across the room past her group of cowering redheads. The sole dark haired member reaching out momentarily with sparking fingers she had taught him, gaining contact along the back of her clawed hand and pushing just enough of his magic to give her’s the boost it needed to apparate to the one person who could potentially heal her.Harry watched her disappear before their eyes with pain in his heart, hoping his best friend would live no matter the consequences. That was the last they would see of their fully human friend, Hermione Granger.  ~.O.~ She was surrounded by warmth unlike any she had felt before, not even after a day of lying in the sun on a summer’s day. The ground was moving underneath her, very far underneath her she could tell as a breathing wall of bare hard muscle moved beneath her cheek. Birds sung their healing tones throughout an echoing forest full of the rustle of springtime trees.
 Soon little wolf… soon you will be better… you will be healed by our Mother 
The voice calmed her raising heartbeat, the growl caressing her wolf and easing the pain away the longer he held her. Her vision was blurry as she opened her eyes, and the bright sunlight momentarily blinded her, but she was determined to see the man who would save her life. The underside of a sharp man’s hairy jaw and long greying hair was all she could see, just until he tilted his head down to look at her with piercing blue eyes and a fanged smile.The cool air expanding her lungs, she took a breath that flew upon the wind, “Are you going to kill me?”
 The soothing growl back in her mind as the Alpha answered her... 
“Of course not, little wolf. You are pack now, my pack. Mine if you will permit it.”She was placed on soft grass that felt like silk beneath her fingers as she clutched it, looking to the tree covered sky that seemed to glow golden white. A hand smoothed back her hair as the man whispered as if to preserve the serenity of the sacred place he had brought her to.“Don’t worry little wolf, the Sacred Tree will give you back your strength and so much more. You just have to accept it.” His eyes were so blue, they were the color of a clear blue sky without a cloud in sight. “Will you accept us, Hermione?”Despite everything that had been said about this man, despite everything she knew he had done to so many people, she nodded. She sealed away her fate to the love and protection of the man who would be her alpha in so many ways. He would protect her with his life unlike those she had considered family, who were content to watch her die as a parasite worked it’s way through her brain.“I accept you.”
 I accept you, Fenrir Greyback, to be my Alpha. My protector in all the years to come, until our deaths do us part. 
And with this unhesitating acceptance, sharp teeth sunk deep into the flesh of Hermione Granger’s neck, and wide caramel eyes flooded with a vibrant sky blue as ancient magic flooded her body and soul.