Work Text:
 
Harry wasn’t sure of how that had become his life.
As he sunk into the cushions of the sofa that was closest to the eight-years’ shared common room fire, Harry looked down to see Malfoy’s blond head laid down on his lap and dared to smile to himself.
Malfoy was sleeping soundly; he had drifted off with Harry’s fingers in his hair and tears drying on his cheeks. Harry had been surprised to notice how much damage the salt in them could cause to Malfoy’s delicate complexion— leaving his impossibly pale skin red and blotchy even after Malfoy was sure no one would be able to tell he’d been crying— but had chosen not to taunt him about it.
For someone so guarded, Malfoy seemed to be shit at hiding that, at least, and it made him look more human, in a way.
As Harry carefully undid some knots from the tips of Malfoy’s silvery hair (he had begun wearing it loose, instead of slicked back, and that made him prone to tangles, Harry had noticed), he thought about how they had gone from trying to kill each other to this.
It was like those had been different people, Harry thought, the boys in the bathroom in sixth year. And maybe it was true.
Harry didn’t feel like the boy who lived these days, even though he’d been called that more than ever in the past several months. He’d had lots of things to think about since the war had ended— or since he had ended the war— and he reckoned Malfoy didn’t feel like the boy who had taken the Mark, either.
At least not when they met late at night by the shared common room fire, when the nightmares became too much and none of them could sleep. On those nights, they would leave their past differences behind, make each other cups of tea — chamomile with honey and vanilla bean, Malfoy like that one — and watch as the logs crumbled into embers; orange, red and gold.
Sometimes he would fall asleep first, and Malfoy would lay a blanket over him. And sometimes Draco would drift off before him, with his blonde hair on his lap, and Harry’s fingers in his hair.
Harry liked those times.