Work Text:
Yule is a magical season. Nobody knows it as intimately as Harry. His small bakery flourishes the whole year, attracting hungry wizards and witches who have a taste for his special baked goods. They love his cream-filled doughnuts so much that he had to hire some help, because he can hardly fill them as fast as they’re demanded. Rolf is great with the customers, always eager to help, and he pulls so much weight around here that Harry can concentrate on the more illustrious things. He still makes most of the custard-filled éclairs and his treacle tarts with special icing, but the coming Yule season demands more of his attention, doing special requests. His sculptures are a hit at Ministry functions and each year his orders get more elaborate and demanding. More people want his special talent, want their fantasies come to life in dough and chocolate and magic.Today his order is quite simple. They want something sweet, not too much on the eyes, maybe a bit on the slender side. Smooth surface, immaculate white dough, but with brilliant reflections, filled with cream. Lots and lots of cream. It’s maybe the most demanding of the requirements, but there are special concoctions that will help with that.He leaves the main space of the bakery to Rolf and retreats into his very own playroom. It has a tall oven to bake the final product, but that comes at the end. On the left side are his ingredients: different flours and sugars, grease and butter, caramel chips and huge blocks of chocolate. A few herbs for when he fulfills requests for something more savoury. Everything is organic, and Harry is proud of the quality of his products. It’s the best in the country, and he has different certifications that show how serious he takes his business.There is also a small line of potions, most of them a tell-tale pink and it always smells faintly of freshly mowed grass, cinnamon and broom polish.The heart of the room, though, is his work bench. It’s secured by heavy chains from the ceiling, and he can raise or lower it by a snap of his fingers or a muttered word, whatever works best for him in the situation. One end can be turned down, for when he tests the flexibility of the dough or has to create something more delicate and just needs a different angle to work at. The bench is surrounded by a couple of soft-looking armchairs, for when he needs to rest or waits for the oven to finish. Harry washes up thoroughly at the sink in the corner, then grabs a potion from the shelf above and downs it in one go. He feels it taking effect, but it will take about two hours before it will really hit him. Just enough time to get the dough going.He heaves a sack of his softest, whitest flour on the bench, opening it with two quick cuts to the side, already turning to collect eggs and water and sugar while the sack empties. For a while he’s busy mixing everything together, occasionally getting a taste to see if it’s already sweet enough, adding more sugar when he thinks it’s necessary. Only a pinch of salt goes into the dough, and finally Harry deems it good enough, so he lets them both rest for a bit, knowing he will need the time, will be glad in the end. Nothing is as exhausting as perfection, and Harry never delivers goods that aren’t perfect.He sits in his armchair, sipping on a glass of water, looking at the shapeless lump in the workbench, imagining how it will look when he finally gets his hands on it. He has a vision already, of slender limbs and delicate ankles, of sugar spun so fine it will look like gold in the right light. He sees himself bending the joints, testing their softness, already decides on a pose to present his masterpiece.He feels it, already, the deep satisfaction he will have after he’s done, after seeing what only his own two hands can do, what no other can. He was born with a special gift, his customers tell him that every day, but in moments like this, just before his vision comes true, he can believe them. Although he never has finished a real masterpiece (something is always not quite right), he gets closer to it with every creation. Today he feels the buzz, the magic of the season making this something otherworldly. Today he feels like he can achieve it. Perfection.A timer buzzes, bringing him back to the task at hand. The dough is ready. He steps to the workbench, sinking his hands into the mass, and the buzzing intensifies. He lets his hands take over, doesn’t think as they knead and shape and create. This part isn’t suited for rational thoughts, it’s all about feeling and letting his subconsciousness do all the work. He never knows where his mind goes when he works, just that he’s in some kind of slumber, some trance. He doesn’t care much, since the results are always breathtaking.Harry comes back to himself when he has two round, soft globes in his hand. It’s really more than a handful, and he strokes slowly back and forth to get them even rounder, marveling at the size of them. They’re a bit over-proportional compared to the slender legs and hips, but when he steps back to take it all in, Harry can’t help but think it’s alright. More than that. The Ministry will be delighted with this one.He can’t help himself, he goes back to stroking the soft curves, marveling at the texture. The dough is really smooth, like alabaster, and it’s already gleaming in the dim light of his workshop. He imagines it in the reflection of hundreds of lustres in the ballroom. It makes his mouth water slightly, but it could also be the potion that’s now working its magic through his veins. He gets a bottle of Amortentia, suddenly deciding to rub a bit on the surface of the dough. Later, when it’s baked and ready, it won’t affect the guests like real Amortentia would, but they will notice something’s different. That this isn’t some ordinary pastry, but special.Harry puts some of the potion into his hand and rubs it into the cheeks, making sure not to forget a spot. He rubs it over the chiselled thighs and the slender calves, the delicate feet. He wriggles them, amazed that his deft hands could create something so elegant, before he goes back to the arse. He parts the globes carefully and begins to apply the potion to the crack, using a bit more than necessary, but it isn’t bad and he’s just thorough. Everything is to his satisfaction, and he decides to move on.His finger nudges the small opening where his cream will go some time later, almost drenching it in the pink potion. He pushes past the rim without a problem, coating the inside as well, preparing it for later. He’s amazed at the consistency, how the small pucker stretches around his finger, and even more when he adds a second to get in deeper. It’s warm and slightly moist inside, just like it’s supposed to be. A small ripple runs through the dough, an ondulation of hips, before it’s still again.When Harry removes his fingers, the rim slowly narrows until it’s smooth again, looking almost like he didn’t touch it at all. It’s marvelous.He turns the dough so it’s lying on its back and looks at the cock. It’s a bit on the bigger side, matching the arse, with heavy balls, even though there’s no cream in it yet. The Ministry hasn’t requested a cream dispenser, but they haven’t explicitly said that they don’t want one, and he thinks it would be a pity not to make use of it. Next Harry rubs over the narrow hips, the concave belly. Even the belly button is mouth watering, and Harry gives in for a second and mourns the fact that he’s never allowed to sample his creations. They’re not his, not meant to be kept for himself, but for others to enjoy their beauty and taste. He moves the dough this and that way to reach every nook and cranny, lets his hands fly over pert nipples, and the dough ripples for the second time, already so receptive to touch. When he reaches the face, he stops short. It’s… not right, he realises, horrified. It’s too angular, too sharp. Sharp cheekbones and a sharp nose, sharp eyebrows. Soft tendrils of candy floss frame the face, making it softer, but something is still amiss. Harry steps back from his workbench, at a loss what to do, when he looks over at his ingredients. Something catches his eyes, breaking the light just right to gain his attention. It’s rock candy, but in an unusual grey colour. He picks it up, turning it with delicate fingers, letting the light in, marveling at the kaleidoscope it creates. It’s just what he needs.He works the rock candy carefully into the openings, framing the eyes with long lashes. They blink at him slowly, never leaving him alone.Harry, again, steps back from the bench, taking in the whole picture, but this time, he almost squeals in delight. Despite the imperfect face, which is still too pointy, taking in his creation as a whole, he has to admit, it’s as near to perfection as never before. The parts alone might not make for much, but together they’re breathtaking. He almost doesn’t dare resume rubbing the potion in, fearing he might destroy something in his eagerness.The mouth is just as perfect as the arse, round and soft, and closes around Harry’s fingers equally tight, hot and moist. He can’t wait to squirt his cream inside, but he has to finish with the Amortentia first. It’s only a few more rubs, but Harry grows slightly impatient, his cock finally ready, after the potion takes full effect.He washes his hands again in the sink, dries them thoroughly, but then he has to wait. The Amortentia is slowly drying on the dough, seeping in and creating that special flavour that is different for everyone. It will still be sweet, still taste like cake, but it’ll be underlined with their very own preferences. He uses some of the left over dough to form a plug, to keep the cream inside. He’ll put it in when he’s done filling the cream into the arse, and it will rise in the oven, plugging the hole closed. He sits down again in his armchair and opens the draw strings of his sweatpants, baring his cock to the room. It’s half-hard and he lazily begins to stroke himself, careful not to strain himself too much, so he doesn’t waste any cream. It’s just to get him in the right mood, but it’s not a hardship when he’s presented with what lies on his workbench. It’s just like requested. Slender but not too thin, smooth with dough like alabaster, candy floss gleaming like gold. Grey eyes follow his hand, always fixated on him. If Harry could have a lover, he would look exactly like this.The timer buzzes again, and he gets up, ready and eager to fill the dough with cream. Harry grabs a bowl with butter. The potion made the dough a bit harder and he needs to be careful not to crack anything while he works the cream in. He smears it liberally on his dick and a glob of cream oozes out and splatters on the belly. He could clean it off, but he has already planned to decorate the outside with a bit of icing, so a splash here and there won’t matter. He parts the legs and arse cheeks, still smooth under his hands, coats his fingers in butter and pushes two at once through the rim. He’s awarded with another ripple of the dough, which means the magic is still working, and strong. It’s almost too easy to stretch the small opening enough that he can insert his cock, and Harry goes to work quickly, because he doesn’t want to overdo it. It’s important that the rim closes up when he’s done, or the cream will ooze out before it’s time. He has the plug at hand, ready to use it as soon as he’s finished. He folds the end of the workbench away to get better access and lowers it so that his cock is leveled with the stretched rim. He carefully parts the legs even wider, then slowly pushes in. The rim resists him at first, but Harry uses his fingers on both sides to open it wide enough for his cock to slip in. He groans when the head pops inside; it’s warm and almost wet with butter. Despite his desire to just thrust in, he knows he needs to be careful. He doesn’t want to hurt his creation, destroy what he’s created in hours of dedicated work.And so he goes slow, excruciatingly so, enjoying and cursing the whole time. When he bottoms out, he’s panting hard, but he’s proud of himself for being so patient. The dough ripples around him, not a full-body shudder like before, more of a flutter inside, like it knows where the cream comes from and is slowly beginning to work it out of Harry’s cock. He pulls back, but it’s like the dough is clinging to him, not wanting to let him go. He looks at the body before him. The cock is half-hard, which is a really nice side effect. Not many of his creations are able to do so, and it’s another testament of his good work. The eyes are closed and there are small movements, the hips gyrating. It seems anxious to get filled, and Harry gladly obliges.His hips are working steadily now, in and out of the rim that is now stretched by his thick cock. He looks in fascination when it closes around him when he retreats, but opens impossibly wide when he’s in to the thick base. It’s mesmerising, watching his own motion, back and forth, and a names comes over his lips: “Draco.”He usually names his creations when they’re out of the oven and ready to go, but this time it’s different. It doesn’t feel wrong, though, so Harry sticks with it. He picks up his speed, faster but not more forceful. He’s still minding the fragile dough around him, but that doesn’t mean he has to be lethargic. The dough around him works his cock like magic, squeezing and releasing, and Harry has never had that before, a creation that is so eager to be filled with his cream. It doesn’t take long, the slight pressure, the sight before him too much and Harry comes with a loud moan, filling his dough deeply. He feels it surround him, cling to his cock, while he’s panting above, slowly recovering from his orgasm, but not pulling out. He needs at least two more fillings before he can move on. The hips still move against his pelvis, the smooth arse rubbing his thighs. He’s bare all over, needs to be since takes much pride in handling everything sanitary. It has the added effect that his skin of his groin is very sensitive, and he shivers every time the dough rocks back into him. His cock is soon ready to go another round. It’s easier now that the inside is smooth with cream, almost like silk, and his cock slides in and out. The inner walls squeeze around him, milking him for all their worth. He fixates on the mesmerising grey eyes, that flutter shut whenever he thrusts a bit too harsh, but mostly they follow his every move. He looks into their depths, sees a myriad of colours, and thinks again how much he would love a real lover like this. Unfortunately baking your own man is just a temporary solution, and Harry wouldn’t be able to enjoy so many of his creations if he was in a relationship. It’s perfect like this, since he can fully concentrate on his work. He feels his balls swell with another load of cream and speeds up, the hips meeting him. The cock is now hard, standing proud before him. Harry would love to take it into his mouth, nibble at it and suck on the cream, once it’s filled. It’s too bad he’s not allowed, but that makes his fantasies not less enticing. He can almost taste the sweet essence on his tongue, and he comes with a shout of “Draco”.The dough convulses around him, insides fluttering and milking him, so much so that he doesn’t even have to wait, but comes almost instantly again, filling the rim to the brim with his cream much sooner than he anticipated.Harry’s panting harshly, the back-to-back orgasms having taken much out of him. It’s rare for him to experience this intensity. Maybe the potion he took beforehand was a bit strong, but he doesn’t think it impairs the quality of his cream. He eventually pulls out of the dough, after he feels collected enough not to mess up with the plug. It’s important that he’s quick; he doesn’t want to lose some of the cream. He has enough for two, maybe three more fillings, but some needs to go into the mouth and he still wants to decorate belly and chest with icing. Still, he can’t avoid a few trickles when he pulls his cock out, immediately replacing it with the doughy plug. The rim closes tightly around it. It’s an enticing view: the plug is made of rock sugar, shaped like a cane, adorned with a bow where it sticks out of the arse, and the rim is glistening with the remnants of cream and butter.Harry gathers what trickled down and licks his fingers. The cream is bitter-sweet and thick, just like it should be. He’s happy with the result, and proud to have done such a good job so far. He takes a few minutes to recover from the last three fillings, cleans his fingers from the cream and drinks some water. Now that the dough started moving it doesn’t stop. The hips ondulate, like it tries to fuck itself on the plug, but of course the plug is not moving. He feels almost sorry for it, but he wants the cream dispenser filled. It will be a special party trick to see it erupt all over the dough, drenching everything in cream, but it’s not Harry’s decision to make.He steps over to the counter where the rest of the dough is waiting for him. He still needs to make adornments, but he will do them when the dough is in the oven, prebaking. It’s enough to add some nice details, and to make a stopper for the dispenser. It’s the same like when forming the body. He lets his mind take over, mind detached from his body. He could have been so many things, could have become a prosecutor, or an Auror, or a teacher. Instead he discovered his talent for baking. Hermione and Ron had been scandalised at first, but after tasting his pastries, cookies and bread, they were full on board with the idea. They visit him regularly and always like the baskets of special goods he makes for them.He surfaces from his thoughts sometime later, holding a cock ring made of chocolate and a sugar sound in his hands. They’re the perfect stopper for the dispenser and they look great. The ring has a lace pattern and is a bit thicker than usual. The sound is made of hardened caramel in red and white, entwined in a spiral. The end is also formed like a cane, which seems like a theme for all the decorations. It’s Yule, after all.He quickly fits the cock ring at the base of the dispenser, still sticking out, long and hard. The rings prevents it from going down again. Harry likes it like this; the ring was a good idea. He then pushes the sound into the opening, feeling his own dick twitch in sympathy and renewed hunger as the dough settles around the sound, closing the slit effectively. He’s hard again, ready to fill the last of his cream before the effect of the potion wears off. He raises the end of the work bench, careful of the legs that still hang down and lost a bit of flexibility. That always happens and Harry is prepared to knead the thighs, relieving the stiffness. It’s still soft under his fingers, pliant, exactly like it should be. Harry then carefully picks the dough up and turns it, so the face is now at the end instead of the legs.Grey eyes blink at him, before they close again. The dough looks like it rests after so much movement, which is really good. It means the magic is now deeply settled into it. It’s what gives his products such good quality. Everyone can bake, after all, but few can do what Harry does with the right ingredients and magic. The mouth is closed, but the lips open readily when he puts his finger inside. It’s slightly warmer than before, but still pleasantly moist, and Harry’s glad that the dough isn’t getting dry. It’s always a possibility, but it doesn’t happen often. It’s good enough that he doesn’t need butter, but can slide his dick inside without trouble. As soon as he puts his fingers away the mouth closes around him, clinging tight and warm, and, Harry moans, perfect to his cock. The dough begins to move again, creating some kind of suction. It’s not like a real blowjob, Harry still has to work some, but it doesn’t take much to get him excited. He’s tempted to pull out and splash all over the face, but the cream is needed inside. He rubs his dick on the insides, getting excited when the friction increases. It’s so good, he could get lost in the feeling of that mouth around him. It’s so addictive, the softness, the pliancy, the warmth, that for a moment Harry wishes he could stay in this moment forever. He shoots almost on accident, his balls emptying a huge load into the dough. He pulls out before the last spurt, decorating the face and the neck with his cream. The mouth closes as soon as he leaves it, sealing everything inside.Harry huffs with exhaustion, drained for the moment, but with such an enormous amount he only has to come once more before it’s all done.
He pulls his sweatpants up and ties the strings, ready to take a break. The dough needs to rest for another while before it goes into the oven. He turns the oven on and sets the temperature, then leaves his workshop to look how Rolf is doing.They chat for a while. The day passes slowly with only a few customers, which is rare but not unwelcome. They share some éclairs between them, which were baked before dawn and will be too hard to sell soon enough. It’s another advantage of owning a bakery. Harry is his best buyer. He would put on more than small love handles if he didn’t work out so much while making his creations.The buzzer calls him back to the workshop. It’s time to put the dough in the oven. It’s the most crucial moment in his work, because he has to be careful when he hangs the dough on the rack. It all works out in the end and soon his creation slowly baking. Harry needs to be careful, because the Ministry demands white cake, and too long or too high temperature will brown the skin too much.While it bakes, Harry designs the adornments. He decides to create an intricate pattern with rope, highlighting the nipples, the belly button and the cream dispenser, of course. From the rope, he will hang more red and white canes, some made of sugar, some of chocolate. On a whim he decides to pierce the belly button with more rock sugar in the same grey as the eyes, and it takes some time to forge a barbell out of chocolate and a jewel out of the candy. When the oven dings, announcing the pre-baking was successful, he has an assortment of rope and canes ready to complete his creation.The dough looks delightful when it comes out, not ready yet, but close. The plug is still embedded deeply in the arse, the mouth closed. The chocolate cock ring and the sugar sound didn’t melt, magic protecting it from the heat. He pushes the belly button piercing though the soft skin and is excited how right it looks, how perfect. It’s really his masterpiece.Next he puts the rope around the slender neck, like a collar, then runs it over the smooth chest. It crosses just under the breast and he works a knot in it, then leads it to the back. Another knot, then the rope goes down in a straight line to the arse. He works it into the crack, framing the plug, before it comes up between the legs. He ties both ends around the balls that are now heavy with some of the cream, then encases the left and the right thigh, pushing it through the rope in the back, securing another two knots. He criss-crosses the rope over the belly, before tying off both ends with the knot below the breast. When everything is secure and holding strong, Harry adds the red and white striped canes wherever he thinks they will look good. And they do.After that it’s another round in the oven.
Meanwhile Harry prepares the icing. His sweatpants land around his ankles once more. He feels a bit sore, but this is the grand finale, so to speak, and he’s excited again. He thinks about all those hungry mouths feasting in his creation, sucking the cream right out of the dispenser. Someone will snatch the sugar sound, let it melt on their tongue, the flavour of mint and cinnamon and the bitter-sweet tinge of the cream, ready to erupt from the cock.Another one will work the plug out. Maybe it’s a bit difficult at first, but it will be worth it in the end. He imagines the look on the many faces when they see the cream spilling from the pucker. Maybe someone will hold out their hands to catch some of the cream dripping out, collecting it in their palm, licking it off. Maybe they moan in delight at the flavour, Harry’s special taste and whatever the residue of the Amortentia will taste like for them. Someone will bite at the nipples, drenched in icing. Someone will nibble at the naval piercing to get to the rock sugar.It’s not hard to come again when Harry thinks of all this and more, giving his cream into a bowl so he can mix it with sugar and lemon juice. The oven dings again just in time with his own finish, and Harry turns it off and pulls the rack out. Tears come to his eyes, but he isn’t ashamed. He always dreamed of creating something perfect, and finally, today, he did. It’s everything the Ministry demanded, but so much more. The hair looks perfect in the bright light of his workshop. It frames a face that is a bit pointy, but somehow soft. The neck is slender and the rope looks perfect around it. The nipples are standing out, begging to be tasted, just like the belly button with its piercing. The cock is still erect and seems full of cream. Harry would love to pull the sound out and get a taste, and mourns that he isn’t allowed.He carefully tilts the rack so it’s horizontal, then begins to sprinkle everything with the icing. A few speckles on the face make it look used, not obscene but tasteful. Some of it runs into the corner of the mouth. Harry groans, his tired cock twitching in his pants. It looks good enough to eat, quite literally.He uses the icing to create a path to all the important places: arse, cock, belly button, nipples. He would love to have more icing, but when he steps back to get a look at the whole picture, he decides that it’s enough.
It can’t get any more perfect than it is.He pulls out his camera. He usually documents his work and puts it in a catalogue for his customers, but this is as much for him as for them. He’ll probably never do anything that comes close to this. ‘Draco’ is his masterpiece, a once-in-a-lifetime experience. Everyone will see it and know Harry is a master of his trade.He carefully gets ‘Draco’ down from the rack and puts him in his box. It’s sturdy and cushioned with magic, suited for long transportation and even Apparition and Floo. The top is partly transparent, and people can see and inspect the tasteful parts of his creation before unwrapping it like a Yule present.He calls for Rolf, Harry needs help to get it through the Floo. They have a special connection to the Ministry, as Harry delivers often. When Rolf enters the workshop, he stops dead in his tracks, staring at ‘Draco’ with his mouth open; obviously he doesn’t know what to say. Harry feels for him. If he hadn’t made it, he wouldn’t know what to say either. Sometimes a picture does say more than words ever could.He activates the floo, announcing the delivery and is promptly answered by someone, he’s never seen before. Maybe Fergus is already enjoying his Yule holiday.
He takes ‘Draco’s box and pushes it through the fireplace before he steps in afterwards. It’s more comfortable to travel by Floo when it’s directly connected to the destination. Less oppressing and confusing.When he steps out of the fireplace and has cleaned off the soot, he’s greeted by the new clerk. Harry knows it’s rude, but he can’t help staring at the man. He’s almost the spitting image of ‘Draco’, but not quite as perfect. He has wrinkles on his forehead and his hairline is slightly receding, but the light catches just right and it looks like gold. His eyes are grey and framed by crow’s feet, but they are so expressive and they seem to change colour from steely to a soft blue. There are freckles on his nose and cheeks, around his mouth, but they are scarcely noticeable. The clerk seems oblivious of the resemblance to Harry’s delivery, but compliments him nevertheless on his perfect work. Harry can only nod, caught in the moment, insecure about what he should do.
He feels that buzz again, the same like before he started working on ‘Draco’. Then, he thought he was going to create something special, that today was the day he would make something perfect. Maybe it’s true for more than just work.Two more men appear to take the box away, and Harry shows the clerk the papers that need to be signed. He does so, his signature large and flourished, but easily readable. ‘D. Malfoy’ it says.They shake hands, but when Malfoy is ready to let go, Harry won’t let him. Their eyes meet, and sparks fly.The End.