Chapter 1: Prologue
    




Chapter Text

The first thing he notices is the ring on Harry’s finger.


It’s not a secret that Tom always has a thing for beauty, and people would foolishly use that to their advantage, mostly for whatever personal reason they seem to have, from gaining his approval to blatantly insinuating themselves to “warm his bed,'' so to speak. 


Not that any of them had any inkling as to who was in Tom’s bed just a week ago. 


He shakes his head to clear his thoughts. Where was he? Oh yes, the ring. Tom doesn’t find it in himself to lie; the ring is indeed worthy of anyone’s attention. The band of iridescent gold seems to glow from within as Harry takes the seat across him. Tom doesn’t acknowledge his presence at first; he’s oddly transfixed by the emerald stone set at the middle, with tiny gemstones surrounding it, forming a subtle but intricate pattern of a pair of silver snakes, one at each side. 


This isn’t the first time he sees it, though. But the last time he’d seen the ring, Harry isn’t wearing it yet, and something about seeing it right now feels different. 

It’s real. 



If Harry finds his staring rude and obtrusive, he doesn’t mention it. In fact, he’s remarkably silent that Tom decides to look up, and this time his eyes meet a blank stare. Tom just leans back on his seat, taking his time. If there’s one thing he’s proud of, it’s his patience. 


Sure enough, Harry is the first one to break the silence. “Hello, Riddle.” 


Tom doesn’t bother telling Harry that he sounds like he’d rehearsed his lines from a mediocre script just a few minutes before they meet up. He ignores it, just like the way he’d disregarded the front page of The Daily Prophet for the past several days. 


“So it’s back to formalities now? If my memory serves me right,” Tom lets the pause hung heavily between them before he continues, just to make Harry uncomfortable, “it isn’t my last name that you said the last time I saw you.” He sends a condescending smirk to emphasize the meaning of his words, if it’s still not clear enough for Harry. 


But Harry’s impassive demeanor doesn't waver. His expression doesn’t slip one bit as he says, “let’s end this.” 


Harry says it so abruptly and with a note of finality that Tom finds himself surprised. He isn’t by no means stupid; he had already anticipated for this to happen, had even planned out what he’ll say when the time comes. And yet here he is, still caught unaware by those words, still unprepared on the way it easily pierced right through him, as if he isn’t made of layers of skin and muscles and bones, as if he’s nothing but a heart that 

feels

. 


But of course nothing shows on his face. He knows because he sees the telltale twitch of Harry’s left eyebrow—it happens when he’s nervous and unsure of things. All this time, and Tom’s used to the little things by now. But Harry can’t seem to fully grasp the language of Tom’s silence, of Tom’s apparent lack of gestures. Sometimes he wonders if he’s put on too many masks that Harry can’t find it in himself to bother looking past all of those. If he comes off as too cold that Harry would just want to put a distance between themselves than—


He doesn’t want to think. Not at all. So he just does what he is best at—to lash out. “End what, 

Harry

?” He mentions the name in the most indifferent tone he could muster, because if Harry hates one thing, it’s that Tom doesn’t 

care

 (or so he thinks, Tom never found it in himself to correct that notion, and in a way he doesn’t want to, because some things are better left unsaid), “Is there something that I should know about 

us

?” 


Harry flinches at that, and Tom wants to leer at him but decides to go for an impassive facade. It really shouldn’t matter, and Tom should probably go back to his office and-

 it shouldn't have hurt, 

Tom thinks as a sort of numb haze fills his mind.

 




Not like this.