Chapter 1: I Dont Want to Fight Tonight
    




Chapter Text
There was no way of knowing what was ahead of him, that miserable first Christmas after the Battle, when everyone was back at Hogwarts for Eighth Year and Harry realised that this was the first of all the Christmasses he thought he was never going to get to see, and that he wasn't even all that glad about it.He wondered when he was supposed to start feeling better.
It had all seemed so simple back in that first summer of freedom, with Voldemort dead—really dead, Harry could scarcely believe it—and every day long and indolent and sprawling (so much time! Time he’d never imagined getting when he’d walked out into the Forest with only love as his shield, knowing it was both not enough, and just what was needed). He’d spent the summer at the Burrow, and everyone was there, most of the time. Every Weasley (except Fred, and how there could be such a sense of something so profoundly missing in a house that crowded, Harry didn’t know); Neville, showing off those sword-wielding arms in short-sleeved t-shirts, or topless and sweating rosily while helping Molly in the garden, but all the while casting blushing glances he thought no one would notice at Ginny; Seamus, who had gone back to Ireland after the Battle, but left again a few days later because no one there really gave a single shite about what had been going on across the water, and Seamus couldn’t bear it any more; half of the Gryffindor Quidditch team, who helped around the house, and ate huge heaping plates of Molly’s cooking, and organised dangerous impromptu five-a-sides which involved too few rules and too many reckless moves, because they’d been through the worst already, so nothing could harm them now, could it? Luna, paler than before, hair shorn close to the fine bones of her skull, brandishing a pack of Muggle Tarot cards like a weapon; Hermione, of course, who told everyone she was taking a break from studying to enjoy the summer, but spent hours honing her practical spellwork until she could cast faster than a spitting fire, her magic blazing hot though she herself was dulled by fatigue and grief. So many of them, coming and going, Flooing to Hogwarts to help with the rebuilding, and then Flooing back to the Burrow every evening to eat and drink and make enough noise to drown out the horror of memories, until they could sleep. Often they all slept in the garden, on transfigured mattresses, under the same gazebo that they had danced and fought in the night of Bill and Fleur’s wedding. When they managed to sleep, they slept like pups, piled together in a jumble of warm skin and straying limbs and the shortness of shared breaths. But too many of them didn’t manage to sleep much. They did a lot of drinking.The war had stripped something away from them—reserve maybe, the drive for privacy or the choice of a certain kind of intimacy. Bodies and touches were no longer sacred, but shared around easily, in reassurance or regret or a dim sort of curiosity. Whenever he walked anywhere, Harry found himself reaching for the hand of whoever was beside him. The usual personal charms went foregone—any magic that could be used as a substitute for touch was gone. Instead of Sunshield Charms, they applied Muggle suncream to each other’s sunglazed skin until they all glistened and smelled of coconuts and chemicals. They brushed each other’s hair with Arthur’s collection of Denman brushes, the weight of the moulded plastic handles reassuringly mundane—better than the Elder wand anyway—and the tug of the bristles just another distraction. They all washed each other in the stream at the bottom of the garden, often, during that syrupy hot summer, sluicing away the dust and sweat of long days’ work. They used soaps that Luna had made herself by hand, cobbled together with herbs and magic; sweet almond oil to soothe; geranium for soul’s ease; basil for purification; angelica for protection; calendula for love. Harry thought love had probably already done enough, but he waded thigh-deep into the water with his friends anyway, let them plaster him with the soft soap, stood meekly while they dipped and rinsed him, though he knew no mundane magic in the water would be enough to wash away everything he had done. It was comforting though, the medicinal tang of the herbs, the slow drag of incurious hands across the softest part of his belly, under his arms, through the trailing wet hair at his groin, the scrub of fingers through his hair, the bracing absolution of the rinse. It seemed to help, being clean, reciting the ingredients in his head like incantations. Sweet almond oil, geranium, basil, angelica. Calendula, for love. It was in the midst of that spirit of togetherness, the communion of shared meals and hard labours divided, that they all decided to go back to Hogwarts, signed the letters to McGonagall over dinner. It just… felt like something they could do.Being together like that felt less lonely, for a while, before that stopped working too.Harry wasn’t sure when he tipped over from not minding things to really not caring about anything. Maybe it came with the change of seasons, when summer days stretched elastic and strange into the shortening gold of late August, and people began to talk about when, and soon, and after. After was pretty hard to fathom when you’d been dead, Harry thought, though he couldn’t reasonably expect the rest of them to understand that. But the trouble was, he didn’t feel like being reasonable. His black mood spread—caught the kindling laid down by their shared past, crackled to life and blazed through them all.They were all either fucking or fighting after that, it seemed. No one bothered to hide it, no one used magic to heal up spongey bruises across knuckles, or the proclamatory purpling blossom of a good black eye, or a line of darkening suckmarks running down a throat under a collar. It helped a bit, to feel things.Harry did a lot of fighting. He told Hermione to fuck off the third time she asked him when he wanted to go into Diagon to get his new books. She laid him low with a beautifully-executed Knockback jinx before picking him up again and crying messily into his neck (the first time she’d cried at all, since the Battle, and Harry knew it was probably a good thing). She and Ron went to Diagon without him.Neville gave him a proper bloodnose when he told him to just go and fuck Ginny already—knocked him right down, nearly knocked him right out, and he’d probably have deserved it too. And he probably should have spoken to Ginny about it before he’d said it (and probably Harry from before would have talked to her, would have gently broken things off with her, and wouldn't have said a word about how the whip of her hair in the wind reminded him of the shriek of the Fiendfyre, and how he wasn't even sure that he was into girls anymore, or if he ever had been. But then Harry from before wouldn't have felt those things, probably. Harry of after couldn't really remember what it was like to feel much of anything at all).But Neville might as well fuck her—she was certainly interested, and it wasn't as if there was anything still going on between her and Harry. He’d barely been able to touch her since the Battle, and she didn’t seem to mind in the least. She hardly noticed him anymore, she certainly didn’t seem to want him to touch her, and so he hadn’t even tried. She wasn’t really interested in doing anything but raging and weeping, because she was probably about the only one who was as angry as Harry about how things had turned out (it seemed that she did have a favourite brother after all, and it was the one who'd died). All in all, though, it was a shitty way to finalise things, and Harry thought he probably deserved the punch. Certainly it was the most emotion he’d seen from Neville since the day he’d cried like a small child, with the cold, sinuous coils of what had been Nagini slack at his feet, and his face upturned to the sky, gore-filmed and beseeching.Ginny didn’t seem angry. Instead, she had stood over him where he lay stunned in the grass, shaking the ringing out of his ears, with blood licking hot down his cheek and into his hair, and she had laughed and laughed until he gave in and laughed with her, helpless and hysterical. Then she gave him the finger, grabbed Neville and kissed him hard and messily, with a fierce sort of promise in it, and that was that for them. And from then on, Harry also did a lot of fucking. No one seemed shocked by anything he did, and Ginny was off with her hand down Neville’s trousers half the time, and Harry was so sick of pitying himself. Charlie Weasley had been back all summer, and had spent most of that seeing Harry get angrier and more fucked up, but even after it all, he still watched Harry with a sort of lazily amused speculation. He didn’t talk much since Fred, though by August he had a bit of colour in his cheeks again, and in the rich late-summer light, the velvet nap of his shaved hair (improbably soft over the curve of his skull) looked like a blazing helmet of hammered copper. And Harry had always liked a redhead.It was as easy as he’d imagined it would be, going by how much Charlie watched him, and Harry wasn’t shy about what he wanted. He didn’t bother to wait for dark and drunkenness, the oblivion that came with night. It was midday, and the sun was at its highest, with no shadows cast to hide anything. They were all splashing in the river in various states of undress, but as Harry started to wade over to where Charlie floated alone, looking unseeingly up at the flat blue of the sky, everyone else filtered away back to the house. They could probably tell what Harry wanted, what he was going to take, just from the look on his face. He didn’t care.Charlie started when he felt the wash and swell of Harry’s approach, dunked himself once and came up blinking, water-bejewelled. They were thigh-deep in the river, each of them appraising, each of them unguarded. “Oh,” Charlie said.Harry shrugged, then reached down and cupped himself briefly, either in display or in query, he wasn’t sure which. Charlie’s throat caught on a hard swallow, so Harry touched himself again, more deliberately this time, before releasing his thickening cock with a wet slap against the crease of his thigh. The water was as warm as skin, its touch like a shiver of silk over his balls. He kept watching Charlie, saw the flutter of his sandy lashes, diamond-tipped with droplets, saw the twitch of his cock against the push of the current. He was very touchable, Harry realised—nipples bronze and ridged from the whisper of a breeze (and arousal, Harry thought); the glint of bronze curls at his groin softened by the kiss of water; dragon-taming muscles lean and curving and lickable; scars and burns cast into sharp relief in the unforgiving glare of high sun, and all the more tempting for it.When Harry had thought about sex before, he had imagined a bed, and a lot of kissing, and a sort of heady, gasping completion to the act of it. And it was surely Voldemort’s fault that he hadn’t got very far beyond the kissing part before (mostly with Ginny, plus a bit of really ill-advised grinding against Seamus one night after far too much Firewhiskey). He could certainly never have imagined that it would involve shamelessly working over his own cock in front of Charlie Weasley, while standing in a river; of biting down on a groan before realising that maybe he liked the way desire sounded coming from his own mouth; of letting himself gasp out what he wanted, just like that.“I want to… can we… can we fuck?” he asked (as easy as that, just to say it) .Charlie was already moving, manhandling him towards the riverbank, hands moving with a heavy, covetous weight over Harry’s hips, arse, hardening cock.“Have you done this before?” he asked briskly. “Because it’s fine if you haven’t, but it wouldn’t do to make this into a big deal. I’m heading back in two weeks, and I’m not on the market for anything serious.” He cupped Harry’s face in his big, heat-scarred hands, looked at him with kindness and a sort of controlled want that had Harry itching to push back, make him frantic.“I’m just asking for a fuck, Charlie. I won’t be pining for you, if that’s what you’re asking. It was Bill I always fancied, anyway, so either get on with it or fuck off.”Charlie’s eyes sharpened with dark amusement, and a flare of desire that almost had Harry smiling back. “Bill could never suck you off the way I’m going to,” he said, and with the heel of his hand he pushed Harry back onto the sunwarmed grass of the riverside.Harry hadn’t done it before, of course, not any of it, but he found it was very easy to enjoy when you don’t really care too much about anything. He didn’t care how hard he fucked up into the slow sucking heat of Charlie’s mouth; he didn’t care that Charlie pinned him down with such casual ferocity that he had a dappling of smudgy bruises across both hips for the next week; he didn’t care that the dry questing nudge of Charlie’s broad index finger at his hole made him buck up so hard into Charlie’s throat that he felt the shocked flex of it around the head of his cock; he didn’t care that, when Charlie’s finger broached him, he made a noise so broken and aroused that he wondered at first where the sound of it had come from; he didn’t care that when he came, it was to Charlie’s tongue licking fast and greedy at his fluttering rim; he didn’t care that he was too fucked out and sated to even put a hand to Charlie as he wanked himself in short, desperate strokes until he jolted into an orgasm that splattered Harry’s softening cock with his come (though he did find enough energy to appreciate that Charlie did seem fairly frantic, by the end of it). He didn’t care about any of of it, and it felt very fucking good to not care for once. They lay together on the riverbank afterwards, fragrant loam wedged under Harry’s fingernails from where his hands had dug heedlessly into the ground when he came, the air between them meadowsweet with grass crushed by their sweatslick rutting bodies.He had two weeks before Charlie went back—two weeks of coming so hard, and so often, that it settled the crawling itch under his skin and let him sleep for more than a few hours at a time. Harry’s lips were permanently swollen from being kissed, and bitten, and kissing and biting back. The first few days, his jaw ached from learning to take the heft of Charlie’s cock, from sucking him off so many times, so relentlessly, that at the last, Charlie ended up groaning in near-despair as he fisted Harry’s hair hard and shuddered into a dry orgasm that looked almost painful. And it was alright to like it all so much, but not to care about it—more than alright, really, because Charlie didn’t care either. He was already more than half gone in his heart, back to Romania, and his dragons, and someone called Valen who he talked about a lot without seeming to notice he was doing it. The night before he left, he and Harry slept in the little bedroom he had shared with Bill,  and Harry woke in the morning still wet with Charlie’s come, to the hammer of rain on the tiny casement window. He was alone. The weather had turned.









Chapter 2: Tell Me, Why Is It Always This Way?
    


Summary:

Back at Hogwarts for Eighth Year, Harry finds that he's the only one who doesn't seem to know what the fuck he's doing. Except for Malfoy, of course.So they might as well not know what they're doing together. In the shower.





Chapter Text
It rained for all of September. Harry had wanted to fly to Hogwarts, just get on a broom and head skyward, take a few days, make a trip of it, but in the end the rain was coming down in sheets, and even Harry couldn’t bear the sight of Molly’s stricken face at the thought of him attempting the flight. He had to get the train with everyone else, with all those people who had made him believe that going back would be a good idea. They were excited, all of them, Hermione keen to get stuck into the accelerated NEWTs programme, and Ron just happy to be getting back to normal. Harry had actually laughed at that, right in Ron’s hurt face, and then had stalked out of the compartment and gone looking for Malfoy, his knuckles twisting and wand hand tingling in anticipation of the fight.Malfoy wasn’t on the train, though—none of the Slytherins were—and Harry ended up out the back of the guard’s carriage, sitting on the lookout, freezing his arse off and getting so soaked that he may as well have flown anyway. He wondered why he had ever thought it would be a good idea to try and go back.And it turned out that it really was terrible, being back. Hogwarts was a wreck, spell-damaged and unfamiliar. Most of the teachers didn’t seem to mind if Harry didn’t turn up to class, and he ate most of his meals in the kitchens with the Elves because he couldn’t bear to sit at a table in the Great Hall that covered the scars of battle, the places where the bodies had lain. And all the Eighth Year boys had to dorm together, which was a horror. Because Draco Malfoy was there—he had shown up in the end, had been dropped off by Muggles who drove up the driveway to leave him at the door like it was completely normal, of all the fucking things—and he was pale and perpetually cross-looking, with these disturbing-looking purplish shadows under his eyes. And he never bothered with his school uniform anymore, just wore whatever the fuck he wanted, it seemed—and that mostly consisted of long robes in matte black, or that dense shade of navy that’s just one step down from it, or the grey of mist that’s just lifted off a winter sea, and all of them with infernal fucking buttons from throat to thigh. He was still a total dickhead, Harry thought, before he determined that he wasn’t going to care about Malfoy at all.  It was impossible though, because Malfoy was there all the time; walking around the halls, going to classes every day—keeping his head down, Seamus reckoned. Ron told him that Malfoy had been attending Muggle Studies diligently, and what a fucking hypocrite he was, Harry thought. The few times Harry attended class, he nearly snapped his quill through the rage of watching Malfoy with his head bowed, scribbling notes as though they mattered, as though he hadn’t come down hard on the wrong side of a war between good and evil, and lived to tell the tale. And how was Harry supposed to not care about Malfoy being in the room that they all have to share, as though he could even hope to belong. Walking around in his bare feet, the sight of the pale, fine-boned stretch of them unbearably intimate. Sitting on his bed with a wide-necked old knitted jumper on to ward against the chill, or heading for a shower in just his stupid cotton pyjama bottoms, a towel curled over the eye-catching ridges of his collarbones, flaunting all those stupid, silvered scribbles of the scars that Harry had left him with, trying to make Harry feel bad, no doubt. And in the midst of all that discordant expanse of skin, the ruin of the Dark Mark, like a taunt. It was offensive, Harry thought, and he thought and thought about it, hating himself all the time.And the Muggles came back to see Malfoy, took him out for little trips most weekends in fact, tooting their horn outside the front door like they weren’t in front of the most magical and ancient building in the British Isles. It turned out they were part of Malfoy’s probation, his Wizengamot-assigned rehabilitation—a Squib and her Muggle husband, in fact, and a small girl who was the only one of them who seemed appropriately awed by the heavy stink of magic and history in the air. Malfoy had been staying with them, what with Lucius in Azkaban. Because although Narcissa had left the Wizengamot a free woman, she had gone home and burned the Manor to the ground without setting foot inside the place one last time, and was now living abroad. But Malfoy, instead of fucking off with her like the good little ex-Death Eating, attempted murdering, bullying little worm that he was, had wangled his way into some cushy probation for the summer, and now was back at Hogwarts getting in Harry's way every minute of the day and night. December encroached, bringing shorter days and longer nights and heightening that ever-present sense of something lacking. The teachers had gone to town on the Christmas festivities, festooning every windowsill with fairy lights, dusting Snow Charms over every pane of glass ‘til they glowed with a wintery lustre, and in every corridor a Christmas tree groaned with tinkling bells and charmed ornaments. All of Harry’s friends seemed to be looking forward to Christmas—all of Harry’s friends seemed to be looking forward, full stop. Hermione had some earnest chats with Harry about how he should really get his head down, and think about what he’d like to do after school, because the exams would be on them before they knew it. Even Ron—Ron, who only three months before had punched a wall at the Burrow so hard that he broke four small bones in his hand, angry about nothing in particular—sat Harry down and told him that he was worrying everyone.“I know things are different now, mate, but we have to move on eventually. We might as well just try to put everything behind us. Keep the chin up, you know.”He hadn’t said exactly what he’d be moving on to, but he seemed to be fairly confident that there would be something. And he didn’t seem to have thought about how Harry could possibly put everything behind him, when everything he had been through was too big, too obtrusive, too entangled in his present to ever be put aside.
It was the wank in the shower that started it all. Harry wasn’t sure what time it was—after lunch but before bedtime, he thought, but he had been in bed for eighteen hours so time had lost most of its meaning. Everyone was out, who knew where. The dorm echoed with silence.The shower helped a little, Harry knew, with the hot lick of the water a caress over all the tender parts of him, the parts that still felt bruised. He used the little pot of Luna’s soap—sweet almond oil, geranium, basil, angelica; sweet almond oil, geranium, basil, angelica; calendula, calendula calendula—and he stayed in there for far too long, trying to shake the creep of unspecific dread that dogged him, trying to forget the nightmarish memories that plagued him at every turn here. He had wondered if he should just leave, take his trunk and his traumas and just walk out of there, but he was scared about where he might end up. And he was lonelier now than ever—everyone else seemed to need each other less, or at least in different ways. They hardly touched him, these days—a friendly knock of shoulders on the way to breakfast, maybe, or a distracted goodnight hug. They kept to their own beds now, and everyone seemed to be managing to sleep properly, finally. Everyone except Harry, of course, and Malfoy, who had taken to spelling his bed hangings shut and casting a solid Muffliato every night, and though Harry presumed that the heartsick whimpers and horrified screams continued behind the charm, at least the rest of them didn’t have to listen to it.Malfoy deserved the nightmares, Harry thought resentfully, shutting his eyes into the drumming stream of the water. Harry had Dreamless Sleep for the night terrors, but he just couldn’t stay asleep—hadn’t slept for more than a few hours straight since Charlie left. Maybe sex was the answer—some proper orgasms, the reassurance of another body skin to skin with him. And as he thought it, he heard the sound of chat as a group of his friends entered the bathroom. They sounded… happy, Harry thought, laughing and boisterous and impossibly young, like they hadn’t all fought a war not six months before. Seamus was shouting about snow on the mountains, and hot toddies, and Harry remembered him starry-eyed and desperate for Harry’s mouth, and the taste of Irish whiskey on Seamus’ tongue that night at the Burrow, and he thought, he’ll do.He kicked the swinging door of the shower cubicle open, relishing the way they all fell silent. They’d forgotten about him, he thought. Fuckers.“Harry?” Ron’s voice was tentative, careful. Harry half-turned from under the spray, glanced over his shoulder, though he couldn’t see them properly through the weight of the fragrant steam, without his glasses. He began to stroke himself, lazy and unhurried, pretty sure they could make out the repetitive movement of his hand.“Get over here, Finnegan,” he said.Ron made a noise of disgust. “For fuck’s sake, Harry. Put it away.”“If you don’t want to see it, then why don’t you fuck off? Unless you want to stay and watch. I’m sure Seamus wouldn’t mind.” Ron didn’t even bother to reply—the sound of the door slamming was response enough. Harry’s allowed his hand to speed up a bit, bowed his back so that the roll of his hips was obvious to anyone still watching. He heard Seamus’ footsteps approach, turned fully to face him.He wasn’t expecting the slap. It came at him through the spray, with a bite to his cheek and a crack that echoed around the tiles. Seamus was breathing heavily, practically spitting. “Who do you think you are, you arrogant prick? You’ve barely looked at me for months and now you want me to get on my knees for you? Go fuck yourself, Harry.”And then Seamus was gone too, with one last look of hurt resentment, and Harry was left standing foolish and exposed in the open shower door, just as Draco Malfoy barged in with his towel slung over one bare, creamy shoulder, and a look of confusion on his face that was rapidly turning to disbelief. Harry watched him as he approached, came close enough that the finest fuzz of rebounding spray dusted the arches of his cheekbones, the ridge of his clavicle, the scornful curl of his upper lip.“Did you just get turned down by Seamus Finnegan, Potter? How pathetic you are. Are you that desperate?” His voice was casual in its cruelty, the note of it familiar and reassuring. “And cover yourself up, for fuck’s sake. No one wants to see that.” But there it was—almost quick enough to miss, almost reluctant enough to seem accidental—the merest tremble of a glance downwards, the barest pinkening flush across Malfoy’s chest and cheeks. “You’re still here though,” Harry said slowly, carefully. “Are you sure there isn’t something here you like the look of?” Because he’d heard the rumours, of course, that Malfoy liked boys, that Malfoy and Nott had been a thing before Nott Sr got banged up in Azkaban for being a filthy Death Eater and the rest of the family had left Britain for the Continent. And it was meant to be something cruel in return, something to taunt Malfoy with, but as Harry spread his hands wide, pushed his hips forward just a touch, Malfoy really did look—properly, slowly, gaze flat and unimpressed, but the flutter of his pulse at the base of his throat showed him up, too erratic and frantic. And Harry felt his cock twitch under the scrutiny, the swinging weight of it plumping up further at the very idea of Malfoy watching him, seeing him. And that came as a surprise, because he hated Malfoy, always had. But then, he thought, he hated everyone, it felt like—and he dropped a hand to rest around his balls, tugged at them gently—he hated Ron for being able to just decide to feel better, and Hermione for having so much vision for her own future, and Seamus for the way he used to look at Harry (with a sort of sorry longing, like Harry was worth something to him), and Ginny and Neville for being able to love each other, after everything they’d learned about the cost of love. So was hating Malfoy really so different? In a way, the rhythm of the hatred was almost soothing. Wake up, hate the sight of Malfoy’s face, rosy with the flush of recent sleep. Go to lunch, hate the sight of Malfoy’s head bowed over his soup as he sat alone at the end of the table, with the sheen of winter light gilding the lick of hair that curled behind one ear. Go to bed, hate the sight of Malfoy curled up in bed with yet another book, his Lumos and the velvet cave of bedhangings making him look almost comfortable, before he would catch sight of Harry staring, and spell the curtains shut with a scowl. Hating Malfoy was the only thing that came easily these days.Though apparently, hating Malfoy wasn’t enough to to make Harry shut the shower door, turn his back, stop touching himself, for fuck’s sake. And Harry thought that if he could hate himself anymore than he already did, then he would, for that alone. Malfoy seemed to be thinking along the same lines, because he narrowed his eyes, irises the grey of chimney smoke in the weak bathroom light, and said sceptically, “Is this a joke?” Which wasn’t a no, Harry noted with interest.“Look, Malfoy,” he began in a reasonable tone (and he felt more reasonable than he had in months, inexplicably and impossibly calm, there in the humid herb-scented fug of the shower with his cock in his hand and Malfoy standing just outside, looking at him like that). “I’m getting off tonight. So you can either stay and watch, or join in, or fuck off. Up to you.”Malfoy was definitely a bit pink, though it could have been the heat, but at least he wasn't pulling his wand and hexing Harry's bollocks off. And then he looked again, at where Harry's hand was stroking, stroking, stroking the weeping curve of the head of his cock, where it slid in and out of his tightening grip. And then he looked up again, with an unsteady jerk of his chin and a dangerous glitter in his eyes, and Harry remembered how he used to look, before Sixth Year—remembered how bright and eye-catching he had always been back then, how infuriatingly compelling, how he always seemed so full of viciousness and bite and a blithe sort of malice. And all of a sudden, there was an echo of the old Malfoy in his face—bravado, Harry thought, and a reckless air of mischief, like he’d do anything to get his way. And then Malfoy moved closer—slowly, deliberately, eyes still on Harry—and Harry could see the ridge of his hard cock through those thin pyjama bottoms. He was hard—Malfoy was hard—just from watching Harry wank himself off.His bare chest was dappled with a fine mist of droplets, and his trousers were damp from the shower spray. When he dropped his hand to adjust himself, the press of his straining cock left a small, wetter stain on the front of his pyjamas. He’d need to charm that off before going back to the dorm, Harry thought, somewhat hysterically. Because it seemed like something was actually going to happen between them, something borne out of the endless boredom and bleakness that had characterised this term, something that took everything they had always been to each other and reshaped it into this brittle, aching need.Malfoy slid his hand into the waistband of his pyjamas, palming himself under the fabric. “Go on then, Potter,” he said, aiming for lazy, but the hitch of his breath gave him away. “Give me a bit of a show, and I’ll see if it’s worth my time.”The familiar tone of a challenge, thrown down so casually, had Harry hardening further, inexplicably turned on by the sting of it, the sense of potential. He smiled. “I still hate you, Malfoy,” he managed as he began to stroke himself in earnest, and the smile he got from Malfoy in return was all teeth.“That’s okay, Potter. You don’t have to like me to let me fuck you.”The old Harry would have disagreed with that. The old Harry would have wanted to like the person he was going to be fucked by (although the old Harry would probably have been the one doing the fucking, and it would have been with someone less of a bullying, bigoted twat than Malfoy—and less male than Malfoy too, for that matter). But the new Harry, the one who had been fattened up for the slaughter and emerged disillusioned and blinking and lonely on the other side—the one who had literally died just for everyone else to be able to move on with their NEWTs, or whatever—this Harry could well imagine letting Malfoy spin him against the glacial smoothness of the shower tiles and finger him open. This Harry could see all the benefits in being fucked into oblivion by someone so transparent, so easy to read as Malfoy. This Harry wanted it, in fact—there was something very comforting about the thought of being used for nothing more complicated  or malicious than someone’s pleasure. And if that someone happened to be Malfoy, the only other person who seemed to be as fucking miserable as Harry, then so be it. So Harry put on a show, used that flush of shame and impotent rage to heat his blood, allowed the boiling want of it to rush through him.He spread his legs further—all the better for Malfoy to watch him with that maddening cool gaze—let his hips roll forward so the heel of his frantic fist thudded off the drum-tight stretch of his pelvis, tried to hold in his gasping breath and then realised he liked the shocking nakedness of his own desire echoing back at him from the shower walls.Malfoy seemed to like it too, because his own hand sped up inside his trousers, and Harry wanted to see but didn't want to give Malfoy the satisfaction of asking. Next time, I'll undress him first, he thought, and the thought of this happening again had a fresh pulse of precome beading at Harry's slit.They didn't fuck that time, in the end. They barely even touched. Harry was too close already, just from Malfoy's eyes on him, and the obscene sound of their fists sliding in tandem, and the unbearable intimacy of their shared groans, and the way the shower water licked slow trails over the planes of Malfoy's bare chest.When Malfoy made a frustrated noise and shoved his pyjamas down, Harry had to still his own hand, and squeeze his eyes shut. It had been too long, was all, and also he was bloody well not going to be the one who reached out first.Turns out Malfoy did that too—took his other hand, the one that he wasn't fucking into with efficient, juddering thrusts—and he just reached out and let his thumb flick almost cruelly over Harry's nipple, before moving it upwqrds in a slow almost-caress over the tender ridge of Harry's adam's apple.Frustratingly, irritatingly, it was the touch that did it for Harry—the unhesitating press of flesh on flesh, the unashamed curiosity of the questing fingers—and with a shudder and a whimper he stilled and then came, hard, all over his own fist.He should have been embarrassed at coming so fast, so easily for Malfoy, but he was distracted by the syrupy weight of release that had his muscles sagging, and by the shocked oh of Malfoy's mouth as he caught a breath, released it hard, then choked on another as he started to come. He was almost silent as he wrung himself through his orgasm, though he looked as though he wanted to make a noise—to let out some sort of sound of satisfaction, of completion. 
When they got back to the dorm, Malfoy spelled clean and dry, and Harry wrinkled and water-soft, with his hair dripping into the collar of his t-shirt, no one was talking to Harry. Seamus gave him the finger and then proceeded to ignore him ostentatiously. Ron just pretended he wasn't there. But it didn't matter so much, really, when he was heavy-limbed with the relief of coming, and it wasn't like anyone was talking to Malfoy either. It was almost companionable, following Malfoy to their neighbouring beds, and when Harry lay down he let himself face in Malfoy's direction. When he finally slept, it was with the gold of Malfoy's Lumos bathing him in light. Malfoy had left his bedhangings open.