Work Text:

It seeped gently through his chest. Bubbled softly, pleasantly through his veins. Surrounded him, completely enveloped him, promised safety, love, and happiness. Soothed every worry, every stressful thought, and sensation. 



Warmth.



A thick, heavy quilt covered him, wrapping him up with beautiful, heady scents of his lover. Hints of sweet shampoo, delicious body wash, and the incredibly familiar and powerful smell of pure 

them 

greeted him. The gentle light of morning streamed in through the curtains, promising a crisp autumn day, and skin, bed warmed, dark, and soft, was pressed flush against his. 


It was, without a doubt, perfect.


As Draco savoured each blissful caress of his senses, relishing the quiet before the normal deafening tirade of thoughts, responsibilities, and demands yanked him unceremoniously from his bed, he drank in the criminally adorable sight of the Great Harry Potter. 


The Saviour’s entire body was curled onto his chest, ever more chaotic hair messily tumbling down onto his shoulder, tickling his neck. A long, dark arm was thrown possessively across his chest, securing him close, as one leg lay, carefully intertwined with his, soft puffs of Harry’s steady, even breaths ghosting over his skin gently, sending ripples all over his body. When did the Chosen One get so cute? And how in Merlin’s name had Draco managed to persuade the teddy-bear-like idiot to become his husband?


But somehow, he had, and no matter how many years passed, how long they spent together, or how many arguments they had, still on the rare mornings like this, when neither of them had anywhere to be, joy exploded in Draco’s chest as he woke, safe, and loved, in his husband’s arms. 


As Harry’s soft snores continued, Draco settled back to watch, memorise, and smile softly at his gorgeous man, golden, overwhelming happiness and warmth dancing through him, as he carefully squeezed his Harry. His everything.