Chapter 1: Warnings for the book.
    




Chapter Text
Here are the warnings for this book.
• Mental Abuse For the most of the book
• Bullying.
• Depression
• Anxiety
• Eating disorders
• Self-Abusing
• Dark thoughts
• Mature things
• Hopelessness
• LGBTQ+ slurs.
If anyone is reading this and is against the LGBTQ+ community, I would strongly advise you not to read this because it will be filled with it. 
Lexie is Lesbian and I'm making Luna Lesbo, too! This is because she doesn't have to be straight, right?
Anyway, I hope you will like this book.
First chapter will be up tomorrow.









Chapter 2: Chapter 1. My letter to Hogwarts.
    


Summary:

This chapter is on Lexie getting her letter of Acceptance in to Hogwarts School. See her reaction in it.



Notes:
Just to let you know, I'm bad at spelling. Well, not as bad as some people I know. But it could be worse.
I hope you will enjoy this chapter.

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
"Lexie!" McGonegall called from her house. "It's dinner time."
I was running in the garden as puppy. I liked being in this form more than my human form. This was because something bad happened to me when `I was nine years old. I bounded to the house and shifted back to myself.
"Where have you been?" McGonegall grinned at me.
"Just for a run," I said. "Why?"
"Remus has been round." Mcgonegall sighed. "Your dad wanted to see you."
I looked to the floor. "I feel that Fudge will punish me."
McGonegall put an arm round me. "He's just a stuck up person that doesn't care about anyone." She ruffled my blond hair. "Don't worry, Lexie. You can see your dad."
I nodded, still looking at the floor.
"Guess what day it is," said McGonegall.
"Christmas? Halloween? Honica?" I liked playing guessing games. "Easter?"
McGonegall shook her head. "Guess again."
"er ... I don't know." I looked round. then saw the date. "Oh, My birthday!"
"That's right." McGonegall hugged me. "Your eleventh, to be exact."
"But aren't you meant to be in Hogwarts?" I asked. "Or did Elbus let you off?"
McGonegall looked at me. "Professor Dumbledore to you now, Lexie."
"Wait ... What?" I shook my head. "You are telling me that I'm going to Hogwarts?"
Mcgonegall picked a thick looking envelope from the table. "And to answer your question, Lexie," she said. "Dumbledore thought I should bring you to Hogsmiede."
"I thought we are home." I looked round.
"It may look like home, honey," said Mcgonegall, But you are in Hogsmiede."
Ah, so that's why everything looked different. Mcgonegall passed me the envelope and smiled. "Everything will be in there for you. Remus will be taking you back to London tomorrow. But as your godmother, I felt that I could spend your birthday with you."
I hugged her and smiled. "Thank you."
Mcgonegall smiled. "If anything happens in the future, I'll always be with you."
I knew that she would be. I loved her as much as a mother. I could trust her with my life.
Later, I was in my room in wherever we were staying. I looked with a candle at the letter which was now in my hands. My eyes grew wide as I read on. So I was accepted in to Hogwarts for real?
I smiled as I finished reading the letter and got out the equipment list. I needed spell books, Potion books, History of magic books, a wand and a pet? as well as a caldron, ingredients. Wow. I couldn't wait to start. Tears rolled down my cheeks. But unlike the angry tears or the depressed tears, I cried in happiness. My dad will be proud of me. I just knew it.
I lay down and cuddled in to my favourite dog toy. but then I landed in to a nightmare...
 
Lexie's nightmare:
"Oy, Pipsqueak," came Draco Malfoy's voice. "Come here."
I struggled against my leash that Lucius Malfoy tied me up with. I was human at this point. I felt the recent effects of the cruciartis curse. I was nine in this horrid nightmare.
"What do you want?" I asked Draco as he came to me.
"Less of the cheek, Black!" Lucius was behind him.
"You obviously want something!" I said. "What do you want with me?"
"You go and see the mass murderer," Hissed Draco.
"For your information," I found myself yell. "It was not him."
"Trying to stick up for daddy are we, Pipsqueak?" Lucius growled. "Crucio!"
I screamed and yelled as the spell took effect!
"Lexie?"
I didn't hear the voice properly.
"Lexie Rosa Black?"
someone was shaking me.
"Huh?"
"Are you okay?" asked a voice.
I wasn't sure if I was still in the nightmare or waking up. I was so terrified I was shaking.




Notes:

How did you like this chapter?