Work Text:
(^^)
The Biscuit Massacre
(^^)"Where should I put this box?" Sirius asked as he came through the door. James quickly dropped Lily's biscuit tin, slamming the lid back into place. He swallowed his mouthful quickly. Then promptly started coughing as the barely chewed cookies choked him. Sirius dropped his box on the couch in order to beat James on the back. "You're stealing Lily's biscuits?""I can't help it," James confessed, covering his mouth to keep from spraying crumbs everywhere. "I didn't think they would be good, but they are so good.""You know that Remus makes those for her special," Sirius pointed out. He frowned at James. "Blackberry jammy dodgers are not made commercially, let alone ones that are also covered in chocolate. Lily is gonna murder you if she finds out.""Why am I killing James?" Lily asked as she came into the flat with an armful of clothing on hangers. Not waiting for a real answer, she continued onto the room that she and James had claimed for themselves. As she went, she called over her shoulder, "you have about three minutes to figure out an excuse to avoid bloodshed.""You've got to help me, Padfoot," James begged. Sirius looked like he was wanting to run away and never look back. James rushed on to explain why he needed help in the first place. "I've eaten all but two!""You're joking, right?" Sirius began to shove bowls and plates into the kitchen cupboard with frenetic motions, as if he could get it all put away in the time window that Lily had given. "What am I supposed to tell your wife that could possible explain why her biscuit tin is empty? That they were poisoned?""Nobody is going to poison my biscuits," Lily announced as she came back into the main area of the flat. She settled on a stool near the breakfast bar that divided the kitchen from the rest of the space. James had to resist the urge to grab the biscuit tin and hide it behind him. Lily gave him a sharp smile that was full of teeth. "Is there something that you would like to confess, O husband?""Uh, maybe?" he replied hesitantly, trying to remember that Lily really wasn't as violent as her reputation would suggest. Yeah, she was ruthless and creative in duels and combat, but she really wasn't prone to fits of temper. That was just a stereotype for redheads, one that Lily didn't approve of. It wasn't like she was going to transform into her Animagus form and eat him or set him on fire. He swallowed hard before turning pleading eyes towards Sirius."He stole your jammy dodgers," Sirius announced without looking at either of them."Traitor," James snapped. Unfortunately, focusing on Sirius made James miss Lily reclaiming her biscuit tin and opening it."Jamadagni Chandresh Potter," Lily hissed, instantly reclaiming James' attention. Only his mother and grandmother had ever used his proper full name, and only ever when he was in deep, deep trouble. He could feel the blood draining from his face. He would have bet that he was almost as pale as Sirius. "You ate all of my biscuits?!""There's two left—" James cut himself off with a high-pitched scream as Lily lunged for him. No doubt their new neighbors would think that someone was being murdered from that. Sirius didn't help any with his barking laugh as he caught the pair of them before they could fall to the ground. Lily nipped at the tip of James' nose."You get to ask Remus for more," Lily ordered. James nodded frenetically. Anything to appease her. "And I get the first shower tonight."