Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text

Aunt Petunia’s funeral had less people in attendance than Dudley’s.

 

The service itself was nice: it lasted from 9 to 12 and no one cried except for Uncle Vernon. Harry got the impression that none of the people attending had particularly liked Aunt Petunia, which made him sad for different reasons. 

 

Petunia Dursley herself lay cold and dead in her open casket, exquisitely dressed- it was the same black dress she had worn for Dudley’s funeral, the same pearls on her ears and neck.

 

Harry had always heard that the dead looked like they where sleeping, but his aunt certainly did not. 

 

Her face was white and sunken, a look that she had already carried several days before her demise. Yet now it was somehow worse - Her thin skin seemed almost blue beneath the concealing makeup, and her expression was slack in a way that it had never been in life. 

 

Harry avoided looking at the open coffin as much as he could. Every time he glimpsed his aunt's closed eyes that last conversation they'd had played back in his head -

 


Look at us. A boy who's lost his parents and a woman who's lost even her son. Come here Harry, let me tell you a secret - 


 

He was suddenly glad that Dudley’s funeral had been closed casket.

 

He banished the memory, and the next time his eyes swept the room, his eyes landed on someone peculiar.

 

He was a young man, tall, dark blonde hair and murky green eyes, with sharp cheekbones and thin eyebrows. He wore black dress pants, and a thick grey peacoat. He didn't have the look of a mourner. He sat, alone, on the second to last row of the church benches, his expression blank. Neither faking sympathy nor demonstrating impatience during the ceremony. He was too young to be a friend of Aunt Petunia’s, and he couldn’t be a relative, since all of Aunt Petunia’s blood relatives with the exception of Harry himself where dead. 

 

Once the service was done, most everyone had walked up to Uncle Vernon to offer their condolences. Not the boy. He had followed sedately to the burial site, apart from the main procession, not interacting with anyone else, and seemingly unnoticed by them. 

 

When it began to rain, people started to trickle away, some making quick excuses to Uncle Vernon, but most simply taking out raincoats and umbrella’s and leaving. Harry lost sight of the boy amongst the disappearing shapes of the attendees.

 

Aunt Marge was the last to leave. Uncle Vernon was unable to drive at the moment, so he and Harry had arrived with her. She lumbered over to her brother and hugged him, before excusing herself as well. 

 

Soon enough, the only ones still at the graveyard where Uncle Vernon and Harry. Hesitantly, silently, Harry approached his uncle. Vernon Dursley had at some point fallen to his knees in front of the gravestones of his wife and son and begun to sob. Aunt Petunia had been buried in the plot besides Dudley after all.

 

Awkwardly, Harry stood behind him, fidgeting and reluctant to really think that both Dudley and Aunt Petunia where dead. Dead, and gone forever. Just like his parents.

 


It was a cruel thing to lie, but at what moment was I to tell you she was murdered in cold blood? What an evil thing it was, and how heartless are your people, that no one thought me important enough to tell me my only sister's fate in person. No. Only a baby and a letter delivered to my front porch. I don't even know where she's buried. If she's buried at all- 


 

Amongst so many other things, this meant that now, Harry was truly alone.

 

He'd been thinking about it almost from the moment that he'd found his aunt unmoving in her bed.

 

Was it wrong, he wondered, that he felt sadder about having no living relatives, than by what had happened to the Dursley family?

 

He did feel bad about it. Guilty, and sad for Uncle Vernon... but more than anything he was anxious.

 

What would happen to him now?  Uncle Vernon would be unable, and certainly unwilling to continue custody of his nephew-by-marriage. 

 

Which left him…well. Harry wasn’t sure where that left him. 

 

Uncle Vernon’s voice interrupted his thoughts. 

 

“Boy.”  He said, in a nasal, tired voice. Harry straightened. 

 

“Yes Uncle Vernon?” he asked, and inwardly kicked himself when his voice trembled. 

 

Uncle Vernon stared at him, an expression of desolation on his face. Harry tried not to fidget, tried not to look away. Eventually, Uncle Vernon’s eyes fell back to the ground. He sighed, and reached into his pocket and extracted a wad of bills. He didn’t even count, just extended them out to Harry. 

 

Harry reached for it, expecting his uncle to at any moment pull back. As soon as Harry’s small hand touched the notes, Vernon’s arm dropped back to his side. He spoke once more. 

 

“Use the money to hail a cab and go home. Go over to Ms. Figg’s house, I called her earlier; she's expecting you. Give her the money, stay with her and don’t wait up for me. I’ll… I’ll stay with Marge for now. I… I can’t go back to Surrey.” His voice broke, and tears began to fall down his face once more, as he continued talking,

 

“We’ll talk about the future later. For now though… just… just leave."

 

Harry did that. As he left the cemetery, detachedly he noticed that this was the most civil Uncle Vernon had ever been with him. He looked back, once. Uncle Vernon had his head in his hands, his entire body shook and his suit was drenched in rain and mud. He looked smaller, somehow. 

 

It was the last time Harry saw his uncle. 

 

- - -

 

He got back to Privet Drive without much trouble. The emergency key to the house was in the toolshed, so he fetched that. Mentally and physically exhausted, Harry walked around the house, intending to enter through the kitchen porch. It was not yet 2 in the afternoon, but the rain, which had stopped at some point during the cab ride, had left behind dark clouds. 

 

The boy from before was leaning against the door. Though he didn't appear to be a boy so close at hand.

 

“Hello” said Harry uncertainly.

 

The stranger flashed him a smile. It was sharp and quick, and Harry glimpsed white teeth.

 

"Where you aware that in some countries in Eastern Asia, number four is unlucky? It's considered a death omen. Some buildings go so far as to skip the fourth floor when numbering them. It's straight from 3 to 5. And here we are, Number four Private Drive."

 

"I didn't know", said Harry, unsure of how else to answer. Curiosity got the better of him then.

“You where at the funeral... Did you know my aunt?"

 

The stranger shrugged. “Not very well I’m afraid” he said. 

 

“Were you her friend?” Harry asked, even more skeptically. He felt tired, he was still damp from the rain.

 

“Oh no," said the young man. Up close, Harry couldn't help but notice his green eyes. They weren't exactly the same brilliant shade as Harry's, but rather variegated, hazel and green, and something about them almost reminded him of Dudley.

 

"No, I was her son. My name is Tom, and you are Harry Potter. Care to invite me in for some tea?"





Notes:

I'm revisiting this after a couple of years! I posted it originally with a very open and ill defined idea... now I actually know what I want to do with it, so I'm editing a few minor details here. Enjoy!










Chapter 2





Chapter Text

Dudley's Diary:

 


I’m riting in this diary because Harry is watching and it makes him angry. If he tries to hit me or screams at me for taking his present, daddy will lock him in the cupbord. I will hit him too. The diary is Harrys first ever birthday present so I took it away. I hope he cries. Mayby I will tear out all the pages of the diary infront of him or burn it. Now Harry has gone into his cupbord all by himself. Thats not fun at all.



---



I am bothering Harry by riting in the diary infront of him again. He looks angry. I always say I love the diary infront of him to make him angry or sad but he never cries. I think a diary has to be the stupidest birthday present ever. Its not even new. Its old and its goy letters on the cover. Whys it so old if no one ever wrote in it? Strange. 



--- 



THIS DIARY BELONGS TO DUDLEY DURSLEY NOT HARRY POTTER. SUCK IT.



---



[a page of scribbles. Full of lewd drawings and insults.]


 

 

At the same time that Harry and Tom entered Number 4, a discussion was taking place at Arabella Figg's house, down the block. 

 

"This has all been quite unexpected. I am afraid I had not planned for something like this to happen.” said Dumbledore. 

 

Professor Snape, who had accompanied the headmaster to Surrey, snorted loudly. 

 

“Yes well, sickness, death and suicide are always difficult to predict, especially when one isn’t close to the deceased. I imagine this sidetracks your plans for the boy quite a bit." He said, his voice laced with contempt. 

 

Dumbledore frowned. 

 

“Do not make light of the situation Severus. He can’t stay here. Without Petunia the blood wards will break. If that weren't bad enough, I had wished for Harry to arrive at the wizarding world innocent, full of wonder... these tragic events are sure to impact his young mind, and I can’t begin to imagine how. I'd ask you to take him in if classes weren't underway. I don’t suppose… yes, I'll take him to Aberforth for now-"

 

He was interrupted by a shrill scream from the kitchen. Both men stood up quickly, wands already drawn. Not noticing an immediate threat, Dumbledore lowered his, and approached the shaking woman standing by the sink. Snape, as always, remained suspicious. 

 

"Arabella, my dear, what's happened?" he asked. 

 

"Oh! Dumbledore. So sorry. It's stupid really. There was a snake on my windowsill, and I'm deathly afraid of the things. I've never seen one in the neighborhood, but what can you expect, vermin can show up at any given minute... I'm so sorry sir, to have disturbed you."

 

Dumbledore smiled. "It is no problem at all. I might as well ask though, at what time do you think Harry will be by?"

 

"Soon, I expect." Said Ms. Figg, "When I spoke to Vernon he said the ceremony was to be held at midday... Considering the weather, he might have waited until the rain stopped. Or he might have gone straight home before coming here. I still think it was a mistake not to go to the funeral Dumbledore. I don't like the idea of children traveling on their own. Even though the cemetery is close by." 

 

Dumbledore hummed. 

 

“Vernon Dursley dislikes the magical world. On a day such as this, I thought it would be unjustly cruel to remind him of it. It is my understanding that Harry has some measure of mobile independence; you’ve told me yourself he frequents the library by bus.”

 

All three waited for the better part of an hour before Ms. Figg, who constantly got up from her couch to look out the window towards the street finally spotted her charge. 

 

“Oh! There he comes,” she said, “Strange, there’s someone with him, I don’t know him.”

 

Dumbledore moved to stand by Mrs. Figg. The two figures had stopped, a few paces from the house and where having a conversation.

 

It was always best to be on top of things, thought Dumbledore, before taking his wand out, pointing it at the two boys and casting, “Agudo”.

 

The sound enhancing spell made the room resonate with the voices of the two. Mrs. Figg jumped slightly, Professor Snape did not react. The older one, slim, with curly blonde hair was speaking.

 

“-don’t think it will be that bad. In any case, the orphanage I was at doesn’t exist anymore, so any additional information is simply speculation. You have my address, you can write me at any time if you want to. I'd... it would be nice to have family write, for once.” 

 

Dumbledore frowned at Snape, who had also stood up at hearing the boy’s words. 

 

“A relative of Vernon Dursley?” speculated the Potions Master. 

 

“Well, I’d like that” said Harry, unmistakable with his wild hair and glasses. “But, uh, I wouldn’t want to impose. You’ve only just met me.”

 

The other boy laughed. “Please Harry, you’d be doing me just as much a favor as I you… my mother might have treated us both poorly in different ways, but in the end, I much prefer to have at the very least one cousin than no family at all.”

 

“I think I might like that as well,” said Harry softly. 

 

“Petunia’s child?” said Snape, in wonder. “Did you know of this Headmaster?”

 

Dumbledore frowned.

 

“No, Severus. It's... odd. Young Harry seems to believe him, but we will have to confirm this stranger’s story. He could be a fraud, possibly even a spy from Voldemort.”

 

“I guess this is goodbye, then. Well, for now? Thanks for... coming with me, I guess.” said Harry.

 

They shook hands. The older boy shook his head back, combed a hand through his hair and stared at Harry intently for a moment, then smiled slightly, and turned to walk away.

 

"Follow him, Severus. I don't need to stress the importance of discretion. Find out what you can." said Dumbledore.

 

Snape nodded sharply, and immediately applied a disillusionment, notice-me-not and silencing charm on himself. Dumbledore opened the door and strode out. Ms. Figg made a noise, maybe of dissatisfaction - but kept quiet besides that. 

 

Harry hadn't moved from his spot, he'd turned around to look at the other boy as he walked away, a strange look on his face.

 

“Hello Harry”, said Dumbledore, a twinkle in his eye and his kindest smile in place. “It’s so nice to see you once more. Please, we’ve been expecting you…” 

 

Meanwhile Snape had stepped out behind Dumbledore, and began following the young man.

 

He remained at a distance, wary, despite the precautions taken so that he wouldn't be noticed. His target never even turned around. He paused, at the intersection with the main street once, and that was it. They walked until they arrived at the Little Whining train stop, and then waited a long while until the train arrived, it's destination Guildford.

 

While they rode the bus the boy took out a book from his coat pocket, On Another Man's Wound said the title. Snape took the opportunity to analyze him. He was thin, his nose long... he didn’t really look like Petunia Dursley, except for the blonde hair.

 

By the time the bus stopped, the sun was setting, and the January chill had settled in. 

The journey ended at one of the red brick stone houses. The young man fetched a pair of keys out of his trousers and opened the door.

 

"Evans! You've come back, good." said a voice from inside the house.

 

Snape, still a distance away, stiffened and froze in place, losing his chance to follow before the door closed. He could hear the two young men talking, though the sound was muffled behind the door.

 

Evans.

 

It had been a long time since he'd heard that name. For once, instead of the red haired girl that haunted him, he remembered a tall, thin, horse faced girl. If this was a ruse... it was an elaborate one.

 

He waited until after midnight, when the lights of the house where all off and the house's occupants most certainly asleep before re-applying the charms to himself, and entering the house, a non-verbal alohomora opening the door.

 

There where 3 muggles living in the house, Evans' room was the last he entered, and Snape almost shouted out loud when a corn snake slithered over his foot.

 

The shock passed, and he continued into the room. Evans appeared to be asleep, but Snape threw out an enchanted sleep spell his way as a precaution, just in case.

 

The room was muggle, there wasn't much of a doubt about that.

 

Evans liked to read, apparently history, specifically the recent history of the United Kingdom and Europe. 

 

There where two more snakes in the room, green, intertwined and curled in on the bedside table.  A closer look proved that it was in fact one snake, with two heads. It was awake, as was the corn snake, which had slithered under the bed, and its four eyes followed him as he moved across the room. A rare, rare animal... something to mention to the Headmaster. 

 

The room had a desk, neatly organized, with a few objects standing out. The first, a black journal. On its cover, in gold, it said T.D. Evans, though the pages of the book itself where blank. Another thing he noticed was a newspaper, folded at the obituary section, Petunia Dursley's name underlined twice. There was also a note:

 


Tom, thank you for taking her off of our hands. Anything you need, you have our number, and I'll send you a letter by post should anything similar come up. 


 

He finished the inspection of the room, then he cast a Revelio. 

 

As expected, no hidden magic suddenly blossomed into being. Snape then plucked a hair from the sleeping teen. Up close and asleep, he seemed younger- younger than the other muggles in the house to start with, around the age of the Hogwarts sixth or seventh years. The age of majority of Muggles was 18, he remembered. Tom Evans looked younger than that. 

 

He cancelled the enchanted sleep spell and apparated away to Spinner's End, where he then took the floo into his office back at Hogwarts.

 

He'd have to brew a potion and acquire one of Potter's hairs, but with that he would be able to prove or disprove if the two boys where, in fact, family. He was reasonably sure they where in any case. That didn't mean Tom Evans wasn't an agent of some kind, though if he was, he was probably blind to it.

 

On his off periods between classes, Snape continued following Tom Evans the following week, while the potion brewed, but learned little of use.

 

Evans was a solitary and silent young man. He had a nasty streak, not un-similar from what Snape remembered of his unconfirmed mother. He worked in a library, and assisted some classes at the Surrey University. History classes.

 

A little legilimency revealed that of his two housemates, one thought Evans strange, a good enough housemate, clean and quiet, though the snakes freaked him out. Especially considering the boy didn't lock them up in cages, and let them roam his room unsupervised. 

 

The other thought Evan was cool and mysterious. He was rich, and constantly invited Evans out to eat, or gifted him things he might find useful, such as winter coats as the temperature dropped, or quills to write with. Evans' history obsession extended as far as a dislike to ballpoint pens- or so the muggle thought.

 

The snakes, apart from maintaining an additional heater in his room, Tom Evans mostly ignored, only occasionally stroking them or picking them up. The corn snake slithered around often, and Snape payed it little attention.

 

The other one though, the two headed one, stayed curled on the bed, or on the bedside table most often. Evans had moved his black leather-bound journal to the bedside table, though Snape had yet to see him write in it, and it was the green snake's preferred spot to coil on. It moved little if at all during Snape's visits, except to follow him with its eyes, despite his carefully applied notice-me-not's and disillusionment charms.

 

Animals where like that sometimes, immune or resilient to perception charms.

 

No wizards approached the boy, not at his work, not at his home, and Snape didn't pick up a single after-trace of  any spells around him.

The potion would soon confirm it, but the boy simply appeared to be what he'd told Harry Potter: a lonely, strange and boring orphan who'd seen a chance to connect with his only living relative.

 

A week and a day after Petunia's funeral, Snape was observing the boy, probably, he thought, for the last time. It was a little after 1 am, Evans was in his room, reading a book at his desk. One of Evans' quirks, Snape had discovered, was a disregard towards conventional sleep patterns. He'd often nap during the day and read through the night.

 

The potion had been completed at midnight, and he would go to Dumbledore in the morning and present his findings. 

 

The lamp on Evans desk, the one he had been using to read, flickered and died.

 

The window curtains where open, and the night was shockingly clear, almost a full moon was out, but it was not enough light to read by. He'd close the book and go to sleep, Snape thought, satisfied, and his observation would be completed.

 

Except the boy squinted down at the book, made a dissatisfied noise. The room's main light remained off as well when he flicked it a couple of times, meaning either a fuse had blown or something had happened to the power.

 

Evans sighed, sat back down at his desk, cracked his neck from side to side, and snapped his fingers.

 

Immediately, the lamp sputtered back on, and satisfied, he continued reading as if nothing had happened.

 

Stunned for less than a second, Snape acted.

 

He apparated into the room with a pop, and as the boy stumbled out of his chair and turned towards him, he grabbed him by the jaw, and pointed his wand at him.

 

Tom Evans had green eyes. Like Petunia.

 

"Legilimens", hissed Snape.