Work Text:
„Please, just hear me out!“ Potter cried out, deeply, but it didn’t make Draco to stop running ─ running away from him. It seemed that every time Potter’s hand was about to catch Draco’s or  whenever he was too close to curl fingers into soft fabric of his fancy clothes ─ Draco would slip beyond his reach.„You keep running! Even when we were kids, you always ran from something. You deserve a break, you know? You are allowed to take deep breath and forget for a moment ─ get lost in what you want. What pleases you.“ Potter ─ no, Harry, he has been Harry for quite some time ─ sighed but he stopped running, heavy sound of his footsteps only a whisper in the air, fading.  So he finally gave up?„I can’t keep chasing you, Draco.“ He said softly but loud enough for Draco to hear. He could sense the tremble in his voice and he didn’t need to face him to see the pain written over his face. He just knew it was there. Undoubtedly.„I told myself ─ and you as well ─ that I won’t stop,” he breathed out and Draco found himself shaking vigorously. „I’m sorry I lied ─ but it hurt more than I was willing to admit. I love you, believe me, I do, so much, but it’s not fair to either of us. There is only so much pain one can bear.“Is this when his heart is going to shatter to million pieces?“I’ll stop torturing myself and you’ll have your peace,” said Harry, a sad smile tugging on his lips when the words came out of his mouth.Draco stood numb on the dirty pavement, his back still turned to Harry. There was no one around them, just a moon shining brighter than usual, bathing them in strong moonlight. The tears were streaming down his cheeks, leaving a wet trail behind and when a warm hand gently ─ shyly even ─ touched his wrist, he finally broke down, ugly sobs escaping his mouth because it really hurt more than he thought it was going to.Truth be told, running was all Draco ever knew. He never knew better than that. It was why he survived for so long. People thought he was nothing but a coward, but he never really cared for strangers opinions. He knew the truth and as long he get to live, it ─ he ─ was okay. Nothing else mattered.But Harry was different. His opinion mattered. He mattered, more than anyone in his world. „I know what I want,” Draco said between messy cries, a steady arm around his waist now holding him close, „but it’s not what I deserve, Harry. You’re someone I dreamt of ─ someone I’ll always dream of ─ but there is a fine line between fantasy and what’s real. And that’s what you are. Just a fantasy.”Draco hiccupped and ignored the tight grip around his figure. He didn’t like it either, yet it was inevitable. It was now or never and he had to make a choice. „You’re someone who has my heart unequivocally and at the same time someone to whom I will never be enough, regardless of how badly I want to be.”“Draco, please.” Harry whispered, begged, but Draco only shook his head and pushed himself away from the man who made his heart ache and burn from longing. He craved his embrace and gentle touch yet Draco shrouded himself with agony, allowing it's claws to hook deep down his soul.With a last look and silent goodbye, he let go of his only sanity and fled into the night. There was only scarred love left behind and moon whose pleas weren’t heard. The tall man didn’t look back and the raven-haired one chose to run away for once, too. 
 ─

But people linked by destiny will always find each other..