Work Text:
“Harry, what exactly did the egg say again?” You ask your twin, after putting away whatmust have been the tenth book you had read so far that night. You, Ron and Hermione, were attempting to help Harry figure out how to stay underwater for an hour for thesecond task of the Triwizard Tournament.You were gonna have to find a way to tell Draco there was no way you could meet upwith him tonight. While Draco and Harry may not have gotten along well you and Dracowere an entirely different story. Of course with you being a Gryffindor and not to mentionbeing Harry Potter’s sister and Draco being a Slytherin, the two of you had kept your relationship a secret for the past year.Harry repeated the egg’s song for what must have been the 20th time that night. You were still just as stumped about what to do as you were the first time.“Maybe we could ask Sirius?” You suggest half-heartedly, knowing your brother would refuse. Sirius was both your and Harry’s godfather and had raised the two of you after your parents’ murder. Harry and you were both extremely close to him. Harry, however, was constantly worried about disappointing him. And considering how quickly he had shot you down earlier about asking for Sirius’s help, you doubted he would agree to it now. “Y/n, I can’t. I swore to him that I had figured it out weeks ago. He’ll kill me.” Harry sighs, dropping his head onto the book he was currently reading.“Hard at work, eh?” You heard a familiar voice chuckled, looking up you saw George Weasley smirking down at you. Accompanied of course by his twin, Fred.“As a matter of fact yes. So if that’s all then-” Hermione starts before Fred cuts her off.“Actually, we came to get you and Y/n,” Fred says with a wink.“Why?” You ask, raising an eyebrow at them. The last time the Weasley twins needed you it was to test out their nosebleed candies. Needless to say, you weren’t too keen on helping them anymore.“McGonagall wants to see you and ‘Mione in her office,” George responds cheekily. “Alright. Let’s go Y/n. Don’t worry we’ll be back in a bit to help you guys. But keep looking in the meantime.” Hermione says seeing the look of fear on Harry and Ron’s faces. Those two were practically hopeless without you and Hermione. Hermione loops her arm with yours and the two of you follow Fred and George to McGonagall’s office.You knock on McGonagall’s door once the two of you reach her office. “Come in.” You hear her reply. You open the door and enter to find not only Professor McGonagall but Professor Dumbledor, Ludo Bagman, Cho Chang, and a small blonde-haired girl.“Miss Granger, Miss Potter, please take a seat.” Professor Dumbledore says gesturing to two chairs next to Cho.“You needed to see us, Professor?” Hermione asks McGonagall looking around nervously.“As I’m sure you all know the second task is tomorrow. Each of the champions will have something taken from them that they must retrieve. You are those things. Gabrielle, Miss Delacour’s little sister, Miss Chang for Mr. Diggory, Miss Granger for Mr. Krum and of course Miss Potter for Mr. Potter.” McGonagall explains gesturing to each of you.“We ask that each of you take this potion. It will put you to sleep and as soon as you are above the water you will wake.” Dumbledore explains handing each of you a small vial of bluish liquid.“What if they don’t reach us in time?” You ask nervously.“My dear do you think I would ever allow anything to happen to students. You will all be fine even if your champion doesn’t reach you in time.” Dumbledore promises, looking at you with a twinkle in his eyes. You nod before locking eyes with Hermione and the two of you take the potion at the same time. God, I really hope Harry figures something out. You think to yourself before falling asleep.---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Draco’s POVI’ve been looking around for Y/n all morning. Where the hell is she? She never showed up last night which hadn’t surprised me considering that the second task was today. But I didn’t see her at breakfast and she’s not with Saint Potter, so where the fuck is she? I couldn’t very well go asking about her whereabouts seeing as we had agreed to keep our relationship a secret. But now I’m really starting to regret it. “Draky poo are you alright?” Pansy asks me with a look of concern on her face.“I’m fine Parkinson. Get off.” I hiss as she tries to fix my hair. Only Y/n gets to do that.“What’s wrong baby?” Pansy asks in her sickly sweet voice.“Nothing and I’m not your baby! Just stay the hell away from me!” I say storming away from her. Crabbe and Goyle follow me looking very confused. They knew I hated Pansy and how she was always hanging around me. But normally I was very patient with her. Little did they know a big reason why was that seeing Pansy around me got Y/n all riled up. Y/n is so adorable when she’s jealous.“Malfoy, are you ok?” Goyle asks.“Fine. Let’s go watch the stupid task.” I growl as I climb in the boat. Hopefully, I’ll see Y/n out on the lake. I need to see Y/n. That’s all I could think about.---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Harry’s POV“Where are they?” I ask Ron as we make our way down to the boats. Luckily we ran into Neville last night and he told me about Gillyweed. He gave it to me this morning at breakfast. So thankfully that part of the task was handled. But we hadn’t seen Y/n or Hermione since they left the library for McGonagall’s office. And I was worried, Y/n would never miss this. She had never missed a Quidditch match, even when she was sick and miserable she came to cheer me on.“I don’t know. It’s not like them to disappear. Maybe it’s a girl thing or something. I’m sure they’ll be out there waiting to watch.” Ron says patting my shoulder trying to reassure me. It doesn’t work.Once we are all lined up about to dive into the lake I take one final look around and still don’t see them. The next thing I know Moody pushes me into the lake and I force myself to focus on the task.Swimming towards the center of the lake I finally figured out where Y/n and Hermione were. Of course, I think to myself, “We’ve taken what you’ll sorely miss”, Y/n.After Cedric and Krum came I tried to wait to make sure Fleur got her sister. But after a while of waiting, I figured she wasn’t coming and I decided I would save both Y/n and Gabrielle. The merpeople were not happy about this but I won. Once we reach the surface they both wake up and gasp for air. “Oh, Harry! I’m so sorry for not helping more!” Y/n exclaims wrapping her arms around me while we are still in the water.“It’s ok Y/n/n. Can we get out of the water though I’m freezing?” I ask, making her laugh at me. We swim back towards the docks and all of a sudden there’s a splash and someone swimming towards us. Malfoy?---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Your POV“Draco, what the hell are you doing?” I ask as he swims towards Harry and me.“Y/n, oh thank god!” He exclaims wrapping his arms around me and pulling me back to the dock. Harry’s in shock and just treading water looking at us with his jaw open. “Harry!” Hermione shouts, shaking him out of his stupor. His look of shock turns to rage and he swims as fast as he can to the dock.Draco reaches the dock and pulls me out with him before grabbing as many towels as possible and wrapping them around me. “Are you alright love?” He asks cupping your face with his hand.“Yes, Draco, I’m fine. But you might not be for much longer.” You giggle watching Harry storm over to the two of you, Ron and Hermione following him.“Get your slimy hands off my sister Malfoy!” Harry shouts shoving Draco away from you.“Harry it’s ok-” You try to say before he cuts you off.“No, it’s not Y/n/n. What the bloody hell do you think you are doing Malfoy?!” Harry shouts.“Potter calm down. Y/n/n and I have been seeing each other for the past year-” Draco tries to explain but Harry’s look of rage makes him stop.“WHAT? You’ve been seeing that git for a year?! Did he put some fucking enchantment on you?” Harry yells making people turn and look, including all the teachers and the Headmaster.“Harry, calm down. We’ll talk about this later. Let’s hear the scores.” Hermione whispers to him and forces him to turn towards the judges.“This isn’t over Malfoy,” Harry growled before he walked away.“Are you sure you’re alright?” Draco asks you after Harry, Ron, and Hermione leave.“I’m fine Draco. I’m just worried about Harry. He hates me now.” You feel tears well in your eyes. Harry was your best friend and your brother all wrapped in one and you can’t stand the idea of him hating you.“He doesn’t hate you.” “How do you know?” You ask, turning away to hide the tears that were now streaming down your face from Draco. “Hey, don’t cry Pretty Girl. He loves you more than he hates me. Besides just think about it, the task was that the person they would miss most would be taken from them. Harry’s person was you. He loves you,” Draco says wrapping his arms around you and placing a soft kiss on your temple. “And so do I.” He whispers the last part so quietly you weren’t sure you heard him right.“What?” You ask breathlessly, as you turn in his arms to face him.“I love you Y/n Potter,” Draco whispers, nervously.“I love you too Draco!” You exclaim pressing a hard kiss to his lips.“Y/n, Draco,” you hear your brother murmur. Draco and you break apart and you look down at your feet to scared to look at Harry.“Y/n/n, look at me,” Harry pleads, the desperation in Harry’s voice making you look up.“Y/n, I’m sorry about how I reacted before. Does he treat you right?” Harry inquires, seriously.“Yes, he does. I love him, Harry. But I love you too and I can’t lose you.” You reply.“You will never lose me Y/n/n. I love you too sis,” Harry says pulling you into a hug.“Do you love her?” He asks Draco after he and you break apart.“With all my heart,” Draco replies, giving you his signature smirk.“If you hurt her in any way-” Harry starts but Draco cuts him off.“Yeah, yeah, Potter, you’ll kill me. Don’t worry Potter, if I hurt her I’ll gladly let you.” Draco gives Harry his signature smirk before Draco wraps an arm around your shoulders.“Nice job today Potter, thanks for saving our girl.” Draco congratulates Harry.“Yeah me and my stupid moral fiber. I could’ve gotten first if I wasn’t such a moron.” Harry replies with a chuckle.“I can’t argue with you there.” Draco teases and it warms your heart to see your boyfriend and brother getting along. Even if they were still giving each other shit at least they weren’t hexing each other.“I think you did splendidly,” you say giving your brother a high five.“Thanks, Y/n/n. I gotta go party in the common room, can’t be late.” He explains before rushing off to join Ron and Hermione on the way back to the castle.“Wanna go to the party with me?” You ask Draco.“I don’t know, even if your brother doesn’t hate me I’m still a Slytherin. And we both know how Gryffindors feel about Slytherins.” Draco replies hesitantly.“Maybe it’s time we start to change that.” You suggest giving him a small smile.“Anything for my girl.” Draco agrees walking back towards the castle with you.