Work Text:
Hermione couldn't even remember what had started the argument. But the words were coming fast and furious, and she just wanted to hit something (not Pansy, but she was booking into the Aurors' training room at some point to work off some of her anger, if she couldn't manage to settle herself down).
"--then just fucking claim me already, Granger! Stop this pussy-footing around shit!"
What had she even said to cause that? Hermione didn't know that, either, and she realized that she suddenly didn't care. The challenge in Pansy's eyes was more than enough for recklessness. She moved into Pansy, pressing the woman up against the wall, one hand catching at her wrist when she went for her wand.
The other hand dug into her jeans, yanking out the object she'd had such convoluted, cliche plans for. "Fine. You want to be claimed? Marry me, you irritating bitch."
Pansy's eyes went wide for a moment. Then she lunged forward, her free hand closing around Hermione's, the ring caught between them. She crashed into Hermione, momentum taking them both down. They bounced on the bed for a moment, both startled.
Then they were kissing, argument forgotten for a frantic, clothes-ripping (Hermione had liked that blouse, and Pansy had loved those knickers, but neither survived), lust-filled fucking.
It was definitely fucking, she decided afterwards, panting and sated as Pansy draped herself against her side.
A snicker distracted her from lazy thoughts of naked skin and pleasure. "I ruined your plans, didn't I."
"Mm." Turning a little, Hermione felt around until she found where they'd shoved the ring at one point during the festivities. "I had a whole evening planned: romantic dinner, candles, fancy dress... a really stupid idea involving pudding and a proposal on my knee."
"Like you on your knees," Pansy murmured, kissing her shoulder.
"Same." Catching the correct hand, Hermione held up the ring. "Well?"
"It's shiny."
"Was my great-grandmother's."
Pansy poked at the setting, then shrugged. "Better than some of the rocks Draco likes to shower on Astoria."
"Ugh." Turning her head, Hermione pinned her lover with a stare. "You never answered the question."
"Never heard one. Just an order."
Hermione ran over the proceedings, and flushed. Then she wriggled around until she was facing Pansy full-on. "Pansy, will you marry me?"
"Dunno, I sort of liked being a kept woman."
She smacked Pansy's shoulder, narrowing her eyes. "Offer has a short life-span, Parkinson."
Lips curving up into a smirk, Pansy moved in and kissed Hermione's nose with a smack. "I suppose I should marry you. Move up in the world as the Golden Princess's little woman."
Irritated, Hermione leaned back, arm waving a little as she tried to locate the bedside table. "Guess I'll be giving this ring back--"
"Yes."
Not letting Pansy rescind her yes, Hermione slipped the ring onto her finger. "There. Was that so hard?"
Making a fist, then flexing her fingers to admire the flashes from the diamond on her finger, Pansy shrugged. Then she trailed a finger down Hermione's side, stroking the two bite marks she'd left earlier. "Want to claim me some more?"
"Tired." Hermione faked a yawn and settled down, even as she shuddered a little at the thought of them marking each others' skin further. There was something about seeing the bruises and bite-marks, nail scratches and hickeys on Pansy's skin that made her cunt clench.
"Bullshit. Now put out again for me, fiancée." Pansy slapped her ass, then took her mouth in a kiss.
"You are such an ass," Hermione mumbled before she twined her leg over Pansy's and was lost in the movement of their bodies against each other.