Chapter 1: Delacroix Spectacle de Noël
    




Chapter Text

23 December 1977
Emilie Delacroix was wedged uncomfortably at the dinner table between Lucius Malfoy and Regulus Black, trying to ignore the fact that Narcissa Black's hand had been planted firmly on Lucius's crotch for the past several minutes. He had been keeping his composure rather well, she thought, though it hadn't escaped her notice that he had been chewing on the same mouthful of roasted pork far longer than necessary.Regulus, on her left, was making wild hand gestures as he tried to communicate across the table to his cousin Bellatrix around a mouthful of potatoes, one of his elbows dangerously close to upsetting Emilie's goblet with each gesticulation. Bellatrix was obviously making an attempt to listen to him, but kept diverting her attention to shoot Rodolphus Lestrange dark looks. Emilie suspected something was going on between them under the table, but Bella didn't seem to be reciprocating Rodolphus's affections. His brother was muttering something confidentially to Rosier and Avery, who were nodding fervently in response to whatever it was he was saying. Kurt Lovell was sitting beside Avery, moodily picking at his pork roast.Emilie's parents were seated at the end of the table, her father laughing uproariously at something a Russian man Emilie didn't recognize had said, her mother silently pushing the food around on her plate. The seat at the very head of the table was empty -- it had been reserved for the Dark Lord himself, but he had already left for the evening -- something about urgent business in the north. He had given a vague apology and Disapparated before Madame Delacroix had even instructed the House Elves to uncork the first bottle of wine.Abruptly, Lucius excused himself from the table and stood, exiting the dining room. Nobody seemed to notice or care that Narcissa almost immediately did likewise.Emilie took advantage of their vacated seats and inched her chair away from Regulus's, thankful for the extra room, scooting her goblet out of range of his flailing elbow. She dropped her gaze from the other diners down to her hands, folded carefully in her lap. She tugged back the sleeve of her robe and glanced down at the slender lines now etched on her forearm, lightly tracing the fingers of her right hand along the contours of what was unmistakably the body of a snake. The lines of the Dark Mark had already faded from their initial stark black to a bloody red. She felt someone's eyes on her and looked up to see Rosier smirking at her across the table."Guess I was wrong about you, Delacroix," he said, pausing a moment to hiccup. "Looks like you're one of us, after all. But what will dear Geoffrey think?" Emilie grabbed her goblet and choked down a mouthful of fairy wine, determined to ignore him."Maybe he'll bash your face in with a club. He's fond of doing that to people like us, you know," Rosier went on, lifting his own goblet from the table with one hand and swirling its contents around, tapping the side of his now crooked nose with a finger of his opposite hand. "Or maybe he'll just break your collarbone or crack a few ribs like he did to Avery and Regulus. No big deal, right? What are a few broken bones?"At the end of the table, Walburga Black shrieked with laughter, clapping the Russian man on the shoulder and wiping a tear of mirth from one eye. Emilie tried to imagine herself somewhere else."Hey, bitch." Rosier slammed his goblet down on the table, wine slopping out of it and down the side. Regulus's tirade to his cousin died down, and even Rodolphus Lestrange turned his attention away from Bellatrix to glance warily sideways. Rosier stood abruptly, the legs of his chair scraping against the hardwood floor, catching the attention of the other diners, even Walburga's laugh dying on her lips. "I'm talking to you, Delacroix."Emilie flipped some of her dark hair over one shoulder and continued looking intently at Regulus. "What were you saying, Reg? Please, go on -- something about goblins, you said?"Regulus's eyes slid uncertainly from Rosier to Emilie and back again. "Err -- yeah, Mum was saying she thought--"He stopped short as Rosier whipped out his wand and pointed it toward Emilie as he swayed slightly on the spot. Down the table, Madame Delacroix tutted despairingly, her pleasant holiday dinner falling into shambles before her eyes, while her husband chortled, murmuring something about boys will be boys. Rosier's father stood, raising a hand in a placating gesture. "Evan..." he said, a warning plain in his voice.Emilie looked at the tip of the wand in front of her, then at its owner, painfully aware that all eyes were now on them. Evan was scowling down at her, his eyes slightly glassy and unfocused as he continued to sway. He grabbed the edge of the table with one hand to steady himself as he hiccuped again. He raised his wand high above his head, and began to bring it down, his lips beginning to form a spell, but Emilie was faster.She whipped her wand out from beneath her robes and cried, "Serpensortia!" A snake flew from the end of her wand and into Rosier's face, knocking him back from the table. He stumbled and fell to the floor as cries of alarm and protest sounded from the other diners."Is that the best you've got?" Rosier demanded, reaching up to tear the serpent away from his face."Oppugno!"The snake twisted in Rosier's hand and sank its teeth into his arm. He pulled it off, its fangs leaving twin gashes in his arm where they'd torn through his flesh. Once the snake was on the floor, a quick severing charm had the thing in two pieces as Rosier scrambled unsteadily back to his feet. Several of the adults had vacated their seats and were hurrying toward the duelists, but Emilie had already fled the room, the hem of her robes just disappearing around the corner. Rosier took off after her, shaking off the arms of the witches and wizards trying to hold him back, firing a few jinxes at his would-be pursuers. His feet fell heavily on the stairs and he stumbled into a side table as he rounded a corner, knocking a vase of carefully-arranged flowers to the ground, startling several portraits awake. He paid no mind to their cries of protest and alarm as he raised his wand again, blasting Emilie's closed bedroom door off its hinges with another spell.The door had not even come to rest on the carpet when a jet of red light from inside the room hit him squarely in the chest, knocking him backward. He crashed into the opposite wall, knocking a large portrait to the floor. The people in the portrait clambered back to their feet and began shaking their fists at him, but he ignored them, kicking the painting away from him as he stood, slicing his wand through the air. Emilie deflected his curse, sending a nearby vase tumbling to the floor as she whipped her own wand above her head, sending another flash of red light at him. He dodged her spell, and another portrait crashed to the floor. The duelists carried their fight from one end of the upstairs corridor to the other, sending several more artifacts and portraits crashing to the floor. Footsteps pounded up the staircase as the others dashed upstairs to put a halt to the duel, having remedied their disabling jinxes."Crucio!"The spell hit Rosier in the chest, knocking him to the floor, making him call out in pain. But no sooner had he gone down than he was pulling himself back to his feet, his wand shaking visibly in his hand."That scumsucker Mansfield's softened you up, hasn't he? Can't even bring yourself to really hurt me. You have to mean it. Crucio!"The spell immediately had Emilie on the floor, writhing, trying to do anything to stop the incredible agony. She heard someone shout something from the staircase and seconds later, the pain stopped, leaving her breathing heavily and shaking on the floor. Her head spinning as her vision came back into focus, she saw Evan's father holding him by the front of his robes, berating him, other adults ushering the rest of the students back downstairs. Someone was walking toward her and knelt beside her.She felt familiar hands roaming over her arm and back, brushing her hair out of her face, and heard her mother's voice speaking softly but sternly, the words incomprehensible. Madame Delacroix helped her daughter to her feet, but Emilie's knees buckled as soon as she was standing and she collapsed back to the floor, still shaking. She felt herself be magically lifted from the floor and pushed along the hallway to her bedroom, and finally lowered onto her bed.Madame Delacroix's words became clearer as she busied herself with tending to her daughter. "...absolute disgrace... don't know what you were thinking... should be ashamed... no excuse..."Emilie rolled onto her side away from her mother, burying her face into a pillow as she began to sob. After several long moments, her mother stood and left, muttering "reparo" as she passed the doorway. The door sprang back to its hinges, and Emilie heard the lock turn. Once her mother's footsteps had retreated down the hallway and everything was silent, Emilie found herself wracked with sobs.She didn't know how long she laid there. No one came to her door. The house was quiet. Once her sobbing had calmed down, she pushed herself shakily up onto her elbows and groped for the drawer in her bedside table, rummaging around in it until her hand closed around a piece of thick yellow parchment. She pulled it out and sat up on the bed, beginning to read the letter for the umpteenth time, but before she had finished reading the first line, her vision blurred as her eyes filled with tears again. She wiped them away and forced herself to focus on the letter's last words, trying to keep her hands from shaking -- I'll be at the Leaky Cauldron around 8:30 on the 23rd if you'd like to meet up for a drink. - GeoffShe lowered the letter and glanced at the clock hanging on the wall. It was almost eight-twenty. She looked back at the letter, considering. It would be no trouble to Apparate to the Leaky Cauldron and meet him. Her eyes slid from the letter to her left forearm, the head of a snake just visible where the sleeve of her robes had fallen back from her wrist. She tugged the sleeve down. She couldn't face him. Not tonight.She clutched the letter to her chest, curled up on her bed, and cried herself to sleep. 









Chapter 2: The Nightmare Before Christmas Eve
    




Chapter Text
"MARIAH! YOUR OWLS ARE LOOSE AGAIN!" came a shout from the living room.
Mariah left her desk quickly and descended the stairs to find a large snowy owl sitting on the back of a chair. It looked up at her expectantly and chirped once before holding out a leg. Mariah tucked a few knuts into the small pouch there, taking the paper from its beak and standing out of its way as it took off back out of the window into the cloudy sky. Behind her, a gangly, sandy-haired boy sat on the couch, glaring at her. She glanced at him once in passing as she made her way back to the stairs, but he turned his eyes back to the television, looking sour.
"Thought I told you to route those bloody birds to your room."
"I can't open my window, Devon. It's painted shut," said Mariah.
"You can magic it open, can't you? You've been going to that nuthouse long enough, haven't they taught you to open a window yet?"
"It's not a nuthouse," said Mariah calmly. "If it were, someone there would probably have told me how to explain to owls where to leave the post."
The front door opened at that moment, cutting off Devon's retort.
"I'm home!" came a call. Devon watched Mariah darkly as she started back up the stairs.
"Dunno why you're trying to leave, he's just going to call you back to help him with more of those mad decorations." He lifted his legs and crossed his ankles on the coffee table. "You know, cause you're the gifted child."
"Shut up, Devon, you--"
"Mari! Come and help me get some of these Floating Fairylights working! Oh, and I got this new thing called Tambourine Tinsel...it's got a jinglebell jinx on it. We can see how that works..."
Blushing, Mariah walked quickly into the kitchen while Devon clicked his tongue and went back to watching the television. Dr. Jaeger had set his briefcase down on the kitchen counter and was shuffling through some of the boxes stacked on the chairs, looking eager.
"Ooh, Mari, look at this..." He pulled out a lantern that was flashing red and green off a small suspended prism in the center like some festive disco ball. Looking elated, he walked to the refrigerator and placed it on top of it, standing back to admire the effect. Mariah had opened another box, withdrawing a string of Shimmering Starlights.
"How are we supposed to hang these?" she asked, looking at her father. He grinned at her.
"You're of age, now, aren't you?"
"Oh yeah..." Mariah took her wand from her jacket pocket and pointed it at the string of lights, muttering a charm. They began to float up towards the ceiling, winding slowly, but shimmering like real stars on their ceiling, the string almost invisible between them.
"Wow," said her father, leaning on the counter and looking impressed. "Devon! C'mere and see this!" he shouted into the other room without looking away.
A moment later, the sullen boy appeared at the kitchen doorway, leaning on the frame with his arms crossed. He glanced up at the lights, then at Mariah, muttering his indifference in response to their father's approval shortly before returning to the other room. To Mariah's dismay, Dr. Jaeger picked up another few boxes and followed him, settling in an armchair just as Devon flopped back onto the couch, grabbing his guitar from where it leaned against the armrest and setting to tuning it. He glanced up as the rest of his family invaded the room, looking displeased, but continued as though he had not noticed them. Dr. Jaeger was already absorbed in the next few boxes, but Mariah was watching the television, her arms crossed as the newscaster woman gave way to the image of a destructed house.
"--family of five found dead in their home today after a break-in. Forensic examiners are still investigating, but they think that poison was implemented in the murder. Neighbors say they remember seeing a group of tall figures crowded in the street before the attack, all wearing black. Police officers are advising the public to alert the nearest authority if anyone out of the ordinary appears--"
The screen went black.
"Hey! I was watching that!" said Mariah, looking wildly around in time to see Devon tossing the remote back down by his feet at the opposite end of the couch. He glanced at her lazily.
"Tough," he said, strumming a few chords and reaching up to tune a string.
"Mari, leave your brother alone..." muttered their father distractedly, rummaging in another box. "What on earth are these supposed to be..."
"Dad..."
"Looks like they've got little teeth...Oh! They crawl on the wire, look!"
"Did you get the post?" asked Mariah, ignoring the string of animated gargoyles her father was holding up.
"Yeah," replied Mr. Jaeger, slowly stowing the string back into its box. Mariah looked at the floor hesitantly.
"Has...has Mum written?" she asked. She saw her father glance quickly at her, but silence was avoided by the quick strumming of Devon on the guitar over on the couch.
"No, nothing from her yet," replied her father. "Still, though, takes a while for the mail to get from Eastern Europe to here, doesn't it?"
"Why don't you think she's using those mad birds like the rest of them?" piped up Devon. "Or are you just coming up with excuses as to why we haven't heard from her yet?"
"Hey, you watch your mouth," snapped Mr. Jaeger sharply. Mariah didn't say anything. Devon's words were not unfounded, but it was not the first time he'd played devil's advocate in a dark situation within their family. Mariah could barely remember a time when he hadn't been bitter ever since he'd moved in with them when she was still in Muggle primary school.
"I took off work for Christmas," said Mr. Jaeger after a prolonged pause, speaking over Devon's guitar. "So we can spend the holidays here together."
"Actually, I think I'm taking off for Christmas," said Devon carelessly. Mariah and Mr. Jaeger looked at him.
"And where do you think you're taking off to, Devon?" asked Mr. Jaeger. Devon continued playing.
"Oh, Miles said I could spend the holidays at his place. His brother couldn't make it so I'm using his room."
"Like hell you are. What makes you think you're not spending the holidays with your own family? You've barely seen your sister all year."
"Half-sister," said Devon. "If anything..." he muttered.
"Devon!"
"Well it's true! She's got all these mad things happening to her while I'm normal! I mean, do you really see anything we have in common?"
"You're both my children," thundered Mr. Jaeger, causing both Devon and Mariah to jump. "And that's enough to call each other family and act like it! And as long as you're both my children, you'll be staying here for Christmas, and I say to put that goddamn instrument away before I toss it out into the street!"
Devon hastily put away the guitar, glaring at his father. Mariah stood and started up the stairs, but her father caught her.
"No. Devon, you apologize to Mariah now."
"Sorry..." he muttered, crossing his arms. "But I'm not staying here for Christmas. I'm of age."
"You might be of age, but you're still living under my roof," growled Mr. Jaeger. "Now we're going to have a nice holiday, and we're going to go caroling and have a wonderful time doing it. Is that understood?"
"Whatever..."
"What was that?"
"Yes," sighed Devon, rolling his eyes.
"Mari?"
"Yeah," said Mariah.
"Alright then." Mr. Jaeger sighed deeply, then placed his hands on his knees and pushed himself up out of the chair, a more complacent expression on his face. "Now who's going to make gingerbread with me?"
Neither child spoke for a minute. Mr. Jaeger crossed his arms and looked pointedly at Devon, who rolled his eyes and said, "Fine!" getting to his feet in exasperation. Mariah turned and headed back upstairs.
She slipped into her room and closed the door, sighing as she leaned back against it. There were times when she and Devon got along, but they were usually fleeting, ruined quickly by some mentioning of magic or Hogwarts, which immediately drove him back into his sour disposition. He'd had a sharper tongue in their youth, but now he had resorted to vacating the house as much as he could, usually with his band at his friends' houses. Over the past summer, Mariah had barely seen him at all. It hadn't made anything better.
Staring at the unfinished letter on her desk, Mariah suddenly didn't feel like writing it anymore. She glanced over the first few lines and sighed at the thought of telling her father and brother about the Order. She had no idea how her father would take it, but Devon she knew would not have a good reaction. He never liked anything to do with magic.
Unable to think of an excuse to remain upstairs, Mariah left her room and started back downstairs, mustering her courage as she headed for the kitchen. She stopped just outside, pausing before entering.
"--not going to leave us. What makes you think she is?"
"Dad, she keeps isolating herself off with those people. It's only a matter of time before she completely goes over to their side."
"Their side? Devon, this isn't some war between Muggles and wizards..."
"I mean--Dad, did you just refer to us as Muggles?"
"Yeah. We are."
"Dad! That's their term! The point is, she's going to go off into their world...I mean, how are we supposed to explain to people what she's going off to be or do? I barely know now what I'm supposed to tell my friends about why she's gone to boarding school and I haven't?"
"Tell them you couldn't because it's only for intelligent children," said Mr. Jaeger.
"You're not listening--"
"Devon, you're underestimating Mari. She's not going to forget about us, if that's what you think. We're her family, she can't get rid of us that easy."
Mariah felt a surge of guilt wash through her and she leaned up against the wall, her stomach sinking. There was the sound of steps by the front door, and she heard her father say, "Is there someone at the door?" before an earth-shattering bang erupted through the house and five figures swathed in black robes swarmed the house. Mariah burst into the kitchen where her father and Devon had leapt away from the countertop as the figures ran in, each brandishing a rolling pin like a bat. Mariah reached into her pocket and drew out her wand, pointing it at the two Death Eaters who had entered the kitchen and shouting, "Stupefy!" One fell to the floor, stunned, but the other rounded on her, his own wand out.
Thin cords shot from his wand to wrap around her, but she quickly cast a shield charm and stunned him as well.
"Mariah! What's going on!" asked Mr. Jaeger quickly.
"They're Death Eaters! They've come to--" started Mariah, but someone seized her from behind, covering her mouth and holding her arm. She felt her wand leave her grasping fingers and struggled violently, but the Death Eater's grip was too strong.
"The Dark Lord shows mercy to those who come quietly," he hissed in her ear. Mariah jerked violently, kicking her heel up behind her and hearing the Death Eater roar in pain, but hold on tighter than ever. Suddenly, she saw her brother sprint across the room, swinging the rolling pin violently, and she closed her eyes as a sickening crack sounded just by her ear and the Death Eater's hands released her.
"Mariah, are you okay?" she heard Devon ask earnestly, and opened her eyes to see him looking at her worriedly.
"Yeah, we have to get out of here." Mariah and Devon started for the door, Mr. Jaeger close behind them, but two tall black-robed figures quickly blocked it, their wands out.
"Do something!" hissed Devon, but Mariah was looking frantically around for her wand. With a roar, Mr. Jaeger pushed past them, launching himself at the Death Eaters, who laughed and waved their wands. There was a bang, and Mr. Jaeger was blasted backwards over the counter. Mariah spotted something in the fallen Death Eater's hand and ducked, grabbing it and pointing it at the Death Eaters' legs.
"Petrificus Totallus!" she cried, and one of the Death Eaters went completely stiff, falling backwards to the floor.
"Diffindo!"
Mariah felt her arm tear open in a slash and she cried out, clutching it as warm blood began to seep through her jacket.
"Incendio!" The Death Eater's robes caught fire and Mariah quickly scrambled away as he hopped around, trying to extinguish the flames with his wand. Devon was crouched with Mr. Jaeger on the other side of the counter, and Mariah quickly scuttled over to them.
"Mariah!" Mr. Jaeger threw his arms around her.
"Come on, Dad, we've got to get out of here--" Mr. Jaeger suddenly pushed Mariah out of the way as a jet of light flew from the end of the previously stunned Death Eater lying in the hall. It hit Mr. Jaeger squarely between the shoulders and slices began erupting all over his body, soaking his clothes with blood.
"Dad!" shouted Devon. Mariah could see the other Death Eater getting to his feet, and she quickly grabbed a hold of Devon, reaching for her father.
"Dad! Grab my hand!"
She turned on the spot, and their kitchen spun away from them as they squeezed through time and space into the unknown. Mariah felt her father's grip go limp suddenly and his fingers left hers as she screamed soundlessly in the vortex.
And then it was over.
Mariah spilled over onto the grass, feeling fresh cold rain on her face. She sat up, ignoring the pain in her arm and looking around.
"Dad! Dad!"
Devon lay nearby, propping himself up as he retched. They were in a field somewhere, lights of a town barely visible over the crest of a hill. And their father was nowhere to be seen.
"Oh no...oh no where is he...oh no..." Mariah sank to her knees as Devon spat, shaking.
"Mariah..."
"He let go...he let go..."
"Mariah what the hell did you just do?"
"I..." Tears were overflowing from her eyes now as her voice thickened. "I tried to Disapparate, but...I had him...and he let go..."
"Explain this to me in human terms, Mariah! Where's Dad?"
"He let go!"
"So what does that mean!?"
"I don't know where he is! He was bleeding, Devon!" Mariah sobbed, putting her face in her hands. "The Death Eaters were after us!"
"What's a Death Eater?" asked Devon. "Who were those men?"
"They're working for Lord V...Voldemort," shuddered Mariah. "He's the Dark Wizard who's been killing all the M-Muggles...like that family on TV..."
"What...that was wizards?" asked Devon, his eyes widening.
"Y-yes!"
"Well why are they after us!?"
"I d-don't know! M-maybe because of M-Mum, but..." Mariah broke into a fresh wave of sobs. Devon watched her, his eyes strange.
"So they attacked us because of your Mum?" he repeated. Mariah looked up at him, suddenly scared.
"I don't know! That's all I can think of! I haven't done anything they'd have known about!"
"What do you mean they'd have known about?"
"I mean I'm still in s-school! Devon, we have to find Dumbledore! He can help us--"
"Who? Isn't that the head of your school?"
"Yes! He can help us find Dad!"
"I'm not going anywhere with you!" said Devon quickly, pointing at her. "You're wanted, you are! There'll be more of them after you!"
"Devon you can't! Dad would want us to stick together! He'd--"
"Well look where that got him!" shouted Devon. "I told him there was something wrong with your lot, but he wouldn't listen! Now look where he is!"
"Devon, please!"
Devon started off across the field for the town. Mariah watched him leaving in horror.
"Where are you going!?"
"To Miles's!"
"But we're not even near home anymore!" shouted Mariah. Devon turned around.
"I'll walk if I have to. Anywhere's safer than being with you," he said scathingly. He turned and continued his departure, eventually vanishing into the dark. Mariah watched him go, too fearful to call after him. He was right. He would be safer without her.
Long after he'd disappeared into the distance, she Disapparated.
 









Chapter 3: Flaming Skulls
    




Chapter Text
It was raining. Mariah walked out of the building into the downpour, pulling the hood up over her head and wishing she'd managed to grab an umbrella.After an uncomfortable morning spent trying to escape the rain, Mariah had finally sought refuge under an awning next to a large bank and waited for it to open. She needed Muggle money if wizards were after her. After she and Devon had split, she had nearly Disapparated straight to Diagon Alley, but caught herself at the last minute when she realized that whoever had attacked her house would probably expect her to go there. Hogsmeade was another hit and miss. She'd have to accept that the Muggle world was the safest place for her until she could contact the Order.The only problem was that finding a post owl in the Muggle world was next to impossible. In the rain, doubly so.Banks opened early, transactions carried fast, and Mariah felt the added bulk in the pocket that held the wallet as she walked.How she was going to get in touch with the Order was beyond her. Finding a wizarding household where she could borrow an owl sounded slightly easier, but more risky.She wandered the streets for a while, trying to figure out how she would find an owl. Eventually, feeling the rain seeping through her jacket, Mariah quickly stepped into a coffeehouse, taking a seat away from the door."Scuse me, Miss, you'll have to buy something if you're going to stay in here," said a woman from behind the counter. Mariah glanced back at her, walked up to order a cup of tea, and returned to her table, thinking.Kurt had an owl. Then again, asking him for his owl might prompt him to ask questions, and Mariah could already picture the Marauders' faces, one in particular clarity, if they found out she'd gone to a Slytherin for help the moment after her house had been attacked by Death Eaters. Or, maybe she didn't have to send an owl at all. She could just ask to stay with Kurt until the holidays were over. The memory of Mr. Lovell's cold gaze floated back to her and she dismissed the idea immediately. And then it hit her.Lily was at home. If Lily was at home, Lily's owl was at home. Mariah had been to Lily's before a few times over past summers.Forgetting all about her tea, Mariah quickly exited the shop, pulling her hood up again and vanishing around the corner just as a loud crack echoed down the street.Mariah looked around. The close-knit city shops had turned into a suburban neighborhood. She quickly walked to the house she knew to be Lily's and raised her fist to knock, but paused, looking at the doorstep. Several newspapers had been left there, and the mailslot was thick with unopened letters. She leaned to peer through the windows, but found the house to be dark."Oh... Petunia's wedding..." Mariah turned from the door, sighing and sitting on the steps, her elbows on her knees. Lily probably wasn't even home. She'd have gone to the Order with James. Which left her exactly in the same dilemma she'd been in since the night before."Jaeger, what are you doing here?"Mariah leapt to her feet, drawing her wand; however, the abruptness of her movement overbalanced her, and she stumbled, clutching the railing to keep herself from falling. She looked around wildly and settled on a familiar sallow boy in dark robes standing hunched on the street before her, eyeing her with distaste. Mariah stared."Snape!" she said with surprise."So it would seem. Careful where you point that, Jaeger," said Snape. Mariah lowered her wand slowly."I... what are you doing here?" she asked."I live nearby, the question is what are you doing here?""I..." Mariah hesitated. "I wanted to see Lily." Snape raised an eyebrow."So you dropped by without telling her you were coming?" he asked."No... I told her.""Lily hasn't been home for a week now, due to her sister's marriage plans, surely she told you that.""I mean she's meeting me here," said Mariah quickly."Which would explain your surprise at finding the house empty," drawled Snape."...Exactly," Mariah descended the steps to the sidewalk and started away from Snape, thinking quickly of where to try next."How come you're not at home, Jaeger?"Mariah glanced around."Because I'm meeting Lily. How come you're not at home, Snivellus?" Snape's sneering face turned a bit sour at the name, but he went on."It's Christmas Eve, is it not? Shouldn't you be with your... family?""Piss off, Sniv--" Two loud cracks cut Mariah off as two cloaked figures appeared in the street, wands raised high. Mariah's hand went to her wand just as one of them brought their wand swishing down."Stupefy!"Mariah dove aside, raising her wand and turning as best she could while lying on the ground.The lady behind the counter screamed as Mariah appeared out of thin air over a stool, landing wrong and bringing it crashing to the ground. She got to her feet and started to form an apology when she felt a hand on her shoulder and turned to see a long crooked nose and a pair of sparkling blue eyes smiling at her from under wispy white brows."Why Miss Jaeger, I wasn't aware that you enjoyed Muggle coffee creations.""I..." Mariah was at a loss for words. "I... get tea..." Dumbledore nodded."Ah, well. I myself am rather fond of those macchiatos... with caramel, today, I think. Do save me a seat, won't you?"He strode up to the shocked woman at the counter and began to place an order while Mariah fumbled with the stool that had fallen over, stunned. She walked awkwardly to a table and sat down, looking up as Dumbledore returned with two cups, placing one in front of her."I took the liberty of ordering you a tall Earl Gray. I hope you are not opposed.""Thanks... ah..." Mariah watched the headmaster take a drink from his cup, and then the story exploded out of her. "Professor, they came after us! They took my dad! Devon's gone! They hurt him -- my dad I mean! I didn't know what to do! I tried Lily's, but Snape was there! He was asking stupid questions and then more Death Eaters were there! They attacked me but I came back here and- I didn't have an owl! I couldn't figure out how to contact--""I am aware of what has happened, Miss Jaeger, and I assure you the Order is already trying to find your father. I do not blame you for avoiding popular wizarding neighborhoods, but in the future do not hesitate to Apparate directly beside the Hogwarts grounds and come find me if need be.""I--""I am deeply sorry," said Dumbledore softly. Mariah's words died in her throat. He went on. "I will help you in any way I can, the first of which being to find you a place of residence. You can return to Hogwarts, of course, but I think for now I am correct in thinking you would be more comfortable with some of your peers?" He peered over his half-moon spectacles at her. "In which case, I have sent Mr. Black to Diagon Alley to run a few errands for me. I believe he is meeting Mr. Mansfield there." He got to his feet, and Mariah awkwardly followed suit, following him out of the coffee shop. The two of them rounded the same corner she had earlier and Disapparated.* * *Geoff's eyes turned to the clock hanging over the bar for what must have been the thirtieth time as he took another sip of his frothy butterbeer. The Leaky Cauldron was as crowded as it ever was, the air thick with holiday cheer."You haven't taken your eyes off that clock since we got in here," Joel said across from him, nursing a cup of mulled wine. "Got a hot date or something?" He cracked a grin, but it dropped as Geoff failed to return the smile. "You invited that Death Eater girl.""I invited a couple of friends to meet us here," he said, raising his mug again and breaking eye contact, choking on the frothy beverage as he took another sip a little too quickly. "I told them eight-thirty."Joel narrowed his eyes, but looked up at the clock. "You've got a few minutes yet. Who are you waiting on, exactly?""Sirius said he'd come, but Emilie never answered my letter.""Sirius...?""Black."Joel stood and slammed his hand down on the table, rattling the silverware that was lying on a plate of a half-eaten cornish hen. "God damn it, Geoff," he said, attracting a few disgruntled looks from the witches and wizards seated at nearby tables, "are all of your friends from Death Eater families?"Geoff pinched the bridge of his nose, fighting back the urge to yell back. "You'll like Sirius," he said. "His family disowned him, and he shares your conviction that all Slytherins are Death Eaters.""Good, maybe he can talk some sense into you." Joel settled back into his chair, picking up his knife and fork and turning his attention back to his hen with a vengeance. "Just think what your old man would say if he were here to see you running around with a pack of Death Eaters for friends."Geoff rolled his eyes and picked up his mug of butterbeer, taking another long swig of it. Joel frowned at him and dropped his silverware, leaning across the table to put a hand on the young man's arm."Listen, Geoff, I'm sorry," he said. "You're an adult now, and you're in charge of your own decisions, and I know that. I just want you to be careful. Claire and I lost your parents, we just want you to be safe. The Black family name has a lot of weight to it -- not in a good way, mind you -- and while I can't speak for this Emilie girl, I have it on very good authority that Richard Delacroix and his wife support Voldemort's cause.""Whose authority?"Joel was silent for a moment as he sat back in his chair and picked up his wine, swirling the dark liquid around in the cup pensively. "I have a friend who works for the Prophet," he said at last. "Gets his info straight from the Ministry -- and he told me that Richard Delacroix was seen at the Hog's Head with Walburga Black and Edmond Lestrange. And Lestrange was seen with the Carrows down Knockturn Alley just last week, and the Carrows--""Joel, I appreciate your concern. I really do. But I don't see how that proves anything."Just as Joel opened his mouth to explain exactly what it proved and how, the third chair at their table slid back, and they both looked up, startled, to see Sirius dropping himself in beside them with a glass of firewhiskey. "Evening, gents," he said, raising his glass to them before reaching a hand across the table to shake Joel's."You must be Sirius," Joel said as Sirius eyed the half-eaten cornish hen for a moment before pulling it across to himself and beginning to pick at the potatoes piled on the edge of the plate."And you must be joking -- ha! That one never gets old, does it, Mansfield?" Sirius elbowed Geoff in the ribs, cracking a grin. He cut off a massive piece of meat and stuffed it into his mouth as he slathered butter on a hunk of bread. "Listen, mate, you should really come to James's for a bit. Holidays have been loads better this year, since Mum kicked me out. Didn't have to sit through Christmas with the Cunts, a.k.a. the 'Delacroix Spectacle de Noël.'" He rolled his eyes, taking a large bite of bread. He pointed the remainder of the roll at Geoff. "By the way," he said, pausing for a moment to swallow, "Dumbledore's got a special mission for us here in Diagon Alley.""A special mission?"Sirius dropped the bread onto the plate and took a large gulp of firewhiskey, shuddering as the burning liquor slid down his throat. "Yeah," he said, once he'd recovered. His eyes slid over to Joel. "For the, ah, dueling club. He wants us to get shirts made.""Shirts." Geoff looked at his friend flatly. "Dumbledore wants us to make shirts.""You think Madam Malkin's could do it? I'm thinking black, with a big golden, flaming skull right across the chest. Yeah.""Let me get this straight," Geoff said, raising his eyebrows. "Dumbledore wants us to have shirts made, he put you in charge of the design, and you decide on flaming skulls?""Of course he did! I have impeccable fashion sense!"Geoff and Joel exchanged glances."I... don't think skulls are the message Dumbledore would want to send for a school dueling club," Joel said slowly. "It might make someone associate the club with, oh, I don't know, Death Eaters?""No, no, no, that's completely different," Sirius said, waving the suggestion away. "They have skull tattoos, and we'd have skull shirts, see?"Joel looked for half a moment as though he were going to say something else, but thought better of it, glancing back up at the clock over the bar. "If the two of you are going to Madam Malkin's, you'd better hurry," he said. "It's nearly half-past."Sirius drained the rest of his firewhiskey and stood, swaying a bit. "C'mon, Mansfield, let's go." Without further ado, he grabbed Geoff by the shoulder and hauled him up out of his chair, shoving him through the pub and out into the Alley.Nearly a quarter of an hour later, the two of them were standing inside Madam Malkin's Robes for All Occasions, Geoff shifting his weight from one leg to the other uncomfortably as Sirius tried to convey his vision to a rather confused Madam Malkin."...and like a crack running through the top of the skull, and make it have like one or two gold teeth just for emphasis..."Someone cleared their throat loudly behind them, and the boys turned as one to see that Dumbledore and a rather sodden Mariah had entered the shop."Oh, Professor! I was just explaining the club shirts to Madam Malkin," Sirius said with a wink and a broad grin. He turned back to the seamstress. "So, like I was saying, a couple of gold teeth for emphasis, and then the flames--""If I could interrupt this business transaction for a quick word with these young men, I would be most grateful, madam," said Dumbledore, nodding to Madame Malkin, who seemed only too happy at the interruption of Sirius's description. Dumbledore beamed at her as she excused herself and busied herself with straightening racks of multicolored robes on the far end of the store. Dumbledore made sure she was well out of earshot before turning back to the boys, his expression suddenly serious. "Miss Jaeger's family has been attacked and her father has been abducted, and, as I understand it, they nearly caught her again during her escape," he said calmly.Sirius and Geoff's eyes widened, and Sirius swore loudly, garnering a brief look of concern from Madam Malkin."I must get back to the Order," Dumbledore continued, "but I am leaving her in your care. Sirius, you may take her back to the Potters'. I am sure Lily will be willing to house her. Do not leave her alone.""But what do they want with her?" asked Sirius sharply. Dumbledore looked from Sirius to Mariah."I am not sure, but for the present time we should do our utmost to make sure you are safe," he said. "Can you do that, Mr. Black?""Uh... yeah, 'course," said Sirius."Perfect," said Dumbledore. "Then I will see you all back at school." He turned, but seemed to remember something. "Oh, and I would advise against skulls, Mr. Black. That's not exactly the message we are trying to get across." Dumbledore continued to the front of the shop, and Disapparated just outside the front door.









Chapter 4: Weddings and Woes
    




Chapter Text
Lily's face was red, her eyes puffy from crying. She was seated on the front steps of the Fernmoore Golf Club's clubhouse, James beside her with one arm around her shoulders. Behind them, the warm light from her sister's wedding reception was spilling out through the windows, the sounds of laughter and tinkling glasses floating out into the chilly December air."Don't worry about it, Lily," James was saying. "It's not your sister, it's that bloke she just married. He's the biggest Muggle I've ever seen -- in more ways than one, if you know what I'm saying!""It's all my fault," she sniffed, burying her face in her hands. "If I hadn't gotten into Hogwarts, we'd still be friends.""You'll always be sisters, and that's better than being friends, right?" He gave her shoulders a squeeze. "Right?"She wailed again. "Vernon hasn't spoken to either of us all evening," she said through her tears. "What will their friends think of us? I'm a terrible sister.""You aren't," he said. "And who gives a rat's ass what their friends think? If they think they're too good for us, then we'll just have our own party, and none of them will be invited. We'll have all the mead and nettle wine we can drink, and none for them. What do you say?""But I want to invite them, James!" Lily said, shaking James's arm off and standing, taking several steps away from him. "I want my sister to be a part of my life, and I want to be part of hers! I want her to be at my wedding someday!""She'll be there," he said, standing. He caught her by the arm, drawing her attention back to him. "I promise. Look, I'll go back in there and say whatever I have to to get that old prune to lay off, if that'll make you happy. I don't think he's ever going to think we're anything but freaks, but if it helps your relationship with your sister, I'll give it my best shot."The corner of Lily's mouth twitched upward. "Thanks," she said, "but I don't know that it would help." She reached up and wiped her eyes. "Here, let me just get my bag, and we'll go."He tugged her arm as she turned to walk back inside, pulling a handkerchief out of his pocket. "Here, you're a mess. You sit tight, and I'll go get your bag for you." He kissed her on the forehead as she blew her nose, and disappeared inside before she could stop him.James returned to the table they'd been sitting at during dinner, and found Lily's handbag on her chair, right where she'd left it. He picked it up and turned to head back for the door, but hesitated, catching sight of the bride swaying on the dance floor with her father, slightly out of step from the string quartet in the corner. He felt he should say something on behalf of Lily -- goodbye, at the very least -- but thought better of it, heading toward the door."...some sort of magician..."The booming voice of Vernon Dursley cut through the crowd's chatter, and stopped James dead in his tracks. Slowly, he turned, listening."...don't know how her sister's going to manage. Doesn't seem like the lout can support himself, let alone a family..."Vernon was surrounded by a group of his co-workers and their wives, all dressed in similarly boring dress shirts and ties, Vernon's grey suit looking positively flashy in the middle of the bunch. The men around him and the women at their sides were shooting disapproving glances at James over their shoulders.He took a deep breath, telling himself to just ignore it."...essentially unemployed, as I understand it..."Lily's sequined bag dropped from James's hand onto a nearby table as he stalked over to Vernon Dursley. He had no idea what he would tell these people, but he would not be written off as some sort of magician. "Excuse me," he said pointedly."Really, though, I just feel bad for my dear Petunia's sister, having to put up with the nonsense," Vernon was saying, as though he hadn't heard James. "The Evanses are fine people, they raised their daughters for a better life than to run off with some magician.""Excuse me," James said, louder. A few of Vernon's friends shifted uncomfortably. "But I'm not a magician."Vernon looked at him as if seeing him for the first time. He blinked once, then twice. "Illusionist," he said. "Prestidigitator. Whatever.""And I'm not unemployed," James went on, louder still. "I'm still in school. And I have a job posting after I graduate." So that last was a lie, technically; he fully intended to join the Order, but that wasn't exactly a paid position."Still in school, are you?" Vernon asked. There was a dangerous glint in his small blue eyes. "And what school is that? Probably some reform school, no doubt." He laughed, but only a few of his friends joined in, most of them looking uncomfortably at James and edging away."Hogwarts."There was a moment's pause, and then the whole group of Muggles burst out laughing."There, you see?" Vernon said, wiping a tear of mirth from his eye. "Practically unemployed, and apparently a bit mad. Next thing, he'll be telling us Petunia's sister goes to Pigfarts Girls' Scho--"Vernon was interrupted suddenly by James's fist connecting squarely with his jaw, catching him off-guard and sending him reeling backward several steps.The chatter amongst the nearest party guests died instantly with the hit, and the effect rippled out across the reception hall, even the band grinding to a halt. The only sound punctuating the heavy silence was the staccato click of the bride's heels on the parquet as she made her way to her new husband's side, but an instant later, he was roaring, throwing himself toward James.The wizard easily sidestepped the larger man's charge, and the Muggles around them took a step back to allow them more room. Petunia was yelling at them to stop, her hands clutching at her curled hair, her expression one of sheer mortification. James darted in for another hit, this time connecting with Vernon's ear, but he didn't manage to retreat fast enough. Vernon's meaty hand clutched at the front of James's dress shirt, and the big man snarled as he sent James flying backwards into the refreshment table.There was an explosion of shattering crystal as the punch bowl hit the floor, James falling on top of it, and then--"James!"Vernon had been advancing on James, but stopped, his head swiveling on his short neck to see Lily standing on the edge of the circle of guests, looking horrified. She looked from James to Vernon and back again, finally looking at Petunia."Petunia," she started, taking a step toward her sister, but Petunia held up a hand, stopping her in her tracks."You have ruined my wedding," she said. "I never want to see you again.""Tuney--""Just go, Lily."Tears welling in her eyes, Lily turned and left the room, picking up her bag from where James had dropped it. She didn't look back. As she was making her way down the front steps of the clubhouse, James caught up to her, punch dripping from the back of his shirt."Lily, I'm so sorry, I don't know what I was--""Stop, James," she said. "You've done enough."They walked down the sidewalk in silence, stopping once they were well away from the party and any prying Muggle eyes. James took Lily's hand in his, and turned on the spot, rematerializing just outside the Evans's house in Cokeworth."I'm sorry," James said. He nodded towards the front door. "Will you be alright?""Petunia's moving into her new house in Little Whinging with Vernon. Mum and Dad won't be home until late. I can deal with them tomorrow." Lily looked down at her feet, unwilling to meet James's eyes. "It'll all blow over soon," she added, though she didn't sound convinced."You let me know if you need anything, all right? My dad would love for you to come stay with us if you decide you need to get away," he said. He tucked a loose strand of her red hair behind her ear. He leaned forward to kiss her on the forehead, but a sudden, loud crack caught his attention. An instant later, a jet of red light hit the wall of the house just above their heads, and both Lily and James had their wands out and at the ready.A hooded figure emerged from behind a nearby fence, wand raised to fire another spell in their direction, but James wasted no more time, grabbing Lily by the hand, turning on the spot, and Disapparating.They reappeared in James's living room, crashing down onto the sofa and startling his father Fleamont, who had just been settling into his arm chair with steaming hot cups of tea."Well," James said, looking at Lily, "looks like you're staying here."* * *The rain had stopped when they left Madam Malkin's, but it left a chill in the air that froze their breaths like smoke as they made their way back to the Leaky Cauldron. Geoff had managed to talk Sirius off of skulls, and they had left Madam Malkin with less of an appalled look on her face. Mariah was fairly quiet through the rest of the shopping trip, but Geoff and Sirius took it in stride and did not let it distract from their discussion."Still, it's too on-the-nose, I think," said Sirius. "A Phoenix? They're not even gold, they're red.""It's the most iconic symbol, Sirius, and even Dumbledore didn't want a great ugly skull," said Geoff. "I mean, who would besides Death Eaters? You want on-the-nose, Sirius? Death Eaters.""Never thought about it like that," muttered Sirius. "Who runs their marketing campaign?""I dunno, but Voldemort's pretty out there as well," said Geoff.Mariah allowed her attention to wander, while staying close on the boys' heels. Her thoughts were far away, with Devon at Miles's house. She wondered what excuse he had given, or if he had just acted like nothing had happened. She hoped he was safe. And her father. She hoped for him, too."Can we stop by Eeylops?" she asked suddenly. The boys turned around. "I want to send an owl.""You can borrow James's," said Sirius. He looked like he wanted to say something else, but thought better of it.They parted with Geoff back in the Leaky Cauldron, waving him off as he exited with Joel. Sirius took Mariah's hand and led her outside and down the street, where they Disapparated.They reappeared at a four-way stop and Mariah followed Sirius, who still held her hand in his, down a steep, winding street."Where are we going?" she asked."Not far. Mr. and Mrs. Potter don't want us Apparating too near the house in case Muggles are watching. Sometimes they wander into the neighborhood." Sirius turned a corner towards a cul-de-sac and Mariah followed.There was an untidy silence between her and Sirius, and it took her a moment to realize that the last time they had been alone together had been at the Quidditch match afterparty in the hall. She felt a small lurch in her stomach, and became very aware of the way he was clutching her hand. She pulled it away."I've got it," she said. Sirius glanced at her."Alright. I just thought it would be better for safety," said Sirius.He didn't say anymore until they reached the Potters' house. Sirius let himself in without knocking and Mariah followed a bit hesitantly. The place was extremely clean, and was filled with a plethora of spindly small glass items that reminded Mariah of her grandparents' house. She followed Sirius through a sitting room and into a kitchen where she was suddenly hit by a very wet Lily. It took her a moment to realize she was crying."What... what's wrong?" asked Mariah awkwardly, patting her friend on the back."P-Petunia," sobbed Lily, "and... and then the D-Death Eaters." Lily squeezed Mariah tighter and Mariah hugged her back, but glanced around the kitchen only to see that Sirius was gone. Slowly, Mariah coaxed the story out of Lily, about the wedding, Petunia's cold silence, her husband's fight with James."Where is James?" Mariah asked, pulling back from Lily and leading her over to the sink, where she poured a glass of water."Upstairs," hiccuped Lily, taking the cup. "D-Dumbledore told us what happened," she said, shaking her head. "They were waiting outside my house--""They attacked you, too?" asked Mariah."W-We Disapparated just in time," said Lily. "I c-can't think they'd go for my parents, but I just can't be sure.""I'm sure Dumbledore's put someone on it by now," reassured Mariah, but she was speaking empty words. Lily seemed to take heart, though, and her sobs died down a few minutes later."But why are they targeting us?" asked Lily."It's got to be because we're Muggle-born, hasn't it?" said Mariah. "They might be trying to weed us out.""Mariah..." Lily was looking intensely the stove, but didn't seem to be seeing it. "You don't think that foldout in Hellion Hexes was a hit-list, do you? I know we thought it might be, but... I mean Geoff was on it, and he's a Pureblood.""I have no idea," said Mariah, but she felt her heart in her throat. Someone had gone to great lengths to get that book back, after all... "Er... Lily, do you think I could borrow James's owl? I just want to send Kurt a message."Lily took Mariah to the Potters, an elderly, but kindly couple, and they provided her with parchment and quills, and a promise that the next day she could send the family owl. Mariah and Lily were both bunking in the guest room, and did not see Sirius and James again that night. Mariah wrote by the light of her wand, as she heard Lily's quiet sobs dying down slowly in the dark bed behind her.
Dear Kurt,

I haven't heard from you at all. My house was attacked, I don't know if it's in the news at all, but they took my Dad.
Mariah stopped writing. She drew her knees to her chest and ducked her face into them for a good while, hugging them to her. After a while she grabbed the quill again and finished off the letter with a short
I'm safe for now, but scared out of my mind. I don't know why they're after me. Please, write back, I don't know what to do. Please.

Love, Mariah
She folded the letter and extinguished her wand, placing both on the bedside table and turning away from Lily so that she would not wake her with her crying.









Chapter 5: Skivvies in the Snow
    




Chapter Text

It was nearly two in the morning when Fleamont Potter awoke to what sounded like someone trying to beat down his front door. Groggily, he stumbled down the hallway and opened the front door, only to be nearly bowled over by a very disheveled Joel Morrison. Joel was barefoot, a fluffy blue dressing hastily thrown on, his wand drawn as he looked around wildly.


"Tie your robe, Joel, there's young ladies here," Fleamont said, grabbing the other man by the shoulders and ushering him indoors. "What in God's name is going on?"


"Death Eaters," Joel said, darting to the window. He pulled back the curtain a fraction of an inch to peer outside, his wand still held at the ready. "We were at the Mansfield's and a couple of 'em showed up. Greg's goddamn herd of crups started howling and--" He broke off suddenly, looking around at Fleamont with a horrified expression. "

The crups.

"


"The crups will be fine. I'm sure the Death Eaters couldn't care less about Greg's menagerie. Now tell me what--"


Another frantic knocking on the door interrupted him. He hesitated, but Joel was instantly at the door, wrenching it open, and slamming it back shut as soon as Claire was indoors.


"Where's Geoff?" she asked. "Is he here?"


"He's not with you?"


The Morrisons looked at each other, and then at Fleamont. With a loud 

crack

, they Disapparated.


The Mansfields' property was in chaos when Joel and Claire appeared there an instant later. Half a dozen nifflers were scratching at the front door, trying to get inside, while half a dozen more were panicking around the yard. There was indistinct yelling coming from the backyard, drowned out by the howling of the pack of crups. Wands drawn, the Morrisons hurried around the side of the house to find a Death Eater hurling curses at Geoff, the Gryffindor dodging and deflecting most of them but failing to send off his own spells toward his attacker.


Joel raised his wand above his head and yelled, charging forward toward Geoff and the Death Eater, but as a jet of light shot from the end of his wand, the Death Eater Disapparated into the night.


Geoff looked around wildly, as though expecting the Death Eater to reappear and resume his onslaught at any moment. He caught sight of Joel running towards him and lowered his wand, relief rushing over him. An instant later, his relief was gone as he found himself flat on his back, Joel crouching over him with the tip of his wand pressed to his neck.


"Lesson one," Joel said, "never lower your wand until you know the danger has passed."


"Joel, why don't you have pants--?"


"Until you 

know

 the danger has passed!" he repeated. "What if I had been a Death Eater in disguise? You'd be dead." Joel removed his wand from Geoff's throat and stood, helping the boy to his feet, giving him a brief once-over. "You all right, then?"


"Yeah," Geoff said. "Yeah, I'm all right."


"Come on, then," Claire said, hurrying across the yard. "We'd better leave before they come back. It's not safe here."


"But what about all of dad's--"


"The Death Eaters aren't after a load of knarls and nifflers," Joel said, grabbing Geoff roughly by the arm. "I don't know what they want with us, but we need to get somewhere safe."


Another tug on his arm, and Geoff felt the familiar compressing sensation of Disapparition as he was pulled to another location. When he felt solid ground beneath his feet again, he found himself in the Potters' entryway, Fleamont keeping watch by the front door. Fleamont jumped at the 

crack

 of their Apparition, whirling around and thrusting his wand toward Joel. "You. Name, allergies, and favorite jam."


"Joel Morrison. Allergic to knarls and shellfish. My favorite flavor of jam is apricot."


Fleamont seemed satisfied with this, and turned to Claire. "Name and cheese preference."


"Claire Morrison. Née Werley. Hate gouda, love brie."


Again, he was satisfied, and turned to Geoff, narrowing his eyes. "You, I don't know. But by God, you're the spitting image of Greg, and you showed up with these two, so I'll let you pass without interrogation this time. By the by, what's your preferred pattern for your skivvies?"


"I -- what?"


"Your underpants. Security, so that next time you come busting into my house, I know you're who you say you are, and not someone coming in to kill me."


"Is that... likely?"


"Just tell me what's on your drawers. Stripes? Polka dots? Tartan?"


"The -- the Union Jack."


"Thought as much," Fleamont grunted, tucking his wand into his robe pocket. He held out a hand for Geoff to shake. "Fleamont Potter. You must be Geoff. James and Sirius are down the hall and to the left. Make yourself at home, I'm sure they'll be thrilled you're here for Christmas."


Geoff thanked him and headed down the hallway. Fleamont beckoned Claire and Joel to follow him into the kitchen, where he put a kettle on the stove. "All right, you two," he said, settling himself into one of the chairs at the table. "Start talking."










Chapter 6: August, 1994
    




Chapter Text

St. Mungo's Hospital For Magical Maladies and Injuries was abuzz with people running from floor-to-floor, though none so busy as the ground floor. Every healer who was not needed in their own wards were hanging around the ward for Artefacts Accidents, some trying to see over the crowd, dancing on their toes with quills and parchment clenched tight in their hands. A few of them held the most recent issue of the 

Daily Prophet

 tucked under their arms, the headline stretched in a scroll, reading 

SCENES OF TERROR AT THE QUIDDITCH WORLD CUP

.
There had indeed been scenes of terror, but fairly few injuries. One elderly wizard had let loose his pet tebo in a fit of panic and two people had been hospitalized. One anxious witch had shot off spells in every direction, sending three people to the Spell-Damage ward and receiving several lawsuits.
On the third floor, Potions and Plant Poisoning, Mariah was the only one minding her ward. It was a slow night, to be sure. There were just three patients -- one allergic reaction and two victims of the same venomous tentacula. She was flipping through the 

Prophet

 at a glance, skimming the articles. She had read the front page, but beyond that there was just one thing she was looking for. When she reached the last page, she closed the paper and sighed. No mention of Sirius.

Every day she combed the news for a sign of him, but no news was good news. After she had last seen him in June she had gotten one owl, a tiny little thing, with just a napkin with a single word on it. 

Thanks.

 All she could do was read the paper and hope he had gotten himself far enough away to stay safe.
A knock on the door interrupted her thoughts and she looked up to see Geoffrey Mansfield standing there."Hello, Mariah. I managed to find your name in the directory. The receptionist was a little busy downstairs. Apparently Lynch is well enough to sign autographs now," he said.
"Geoff! What brings you here?" asked Mariah.

"Sarah's downstairs with Mumblemumps," he answered, pointing to the floor below. "She's got to stay here a few days and then go home for bedrest."

"Aw, no. Poor girl."

"But actually, Dumbledore wanted me to ask you something," he went on. "It looks like they're bringing back the Triwizard Tournament this year and he'll be needing extra medical staff."

"Oh...yeah, sure, I'm sure he can convince St. Mungo's to let me go again," said Mariah. "Is that the only reason this time, or is there some escaped pet that belonged to all of us back in the day?"

"Can never tell with Dumbledore," shrugged Geoff. 

"So, uh… has he said anything about…?" Mariah glanced up at Geoff, who nodded.

"He's out of England. Dumbledore knows the head of the investigation and is trying to throw him off."

"Good luck with that. Kurt's not exactly easy to fool," said Mariah. 

"The investigation got reassigned," said Geoff. "Now it's Kingsley Shacklebolt on it. It's no longer a priority now that the sightings have dropped and Fudge wants the whole Hogwarts debacle hushed up. His reputation's on the line, you know."

"Right," said Mariah. She wondered exactly how angry Kurt had been once he'd had his bargaining chip taken away.

"Anyway, I've got to get back to Sarah," said Geoff, turning. "Drop Dumbledore a line about the job."

"I will," said Mariah, waving. 

Geoff left the ward to return to his daughter, and Mariah glanced back at the paper once before tossing it in the trash. The thought of going back to Hogwarts put a spring in her step as she walked off to treat one of the venomous tentacula victims as they began convulsing.

When Geoff returned to Sarah's ward, he found her just as he had left her, propped up in bed with a book, her face and neck horribly swollen, but Joel was nowhere to be seen. "Don't tell me your brother went down to get an autograph from Lynch," he said.

Sarah mumbled and incoherent answer.

Heaving a sigh, Geoff turned and left the ward to go look for his wayward child. He reached the ground floor of the hospital and shoved his way through the masses of visitors, scanning the crowd for any sign of his son's dark-haired head. He ignored several people as they yelled at him to wait his turn to see Lynch, and in fact made it all the way to the door of the Quidditch player's room before he finally conceded that his son was nowhere to be found. A sudden panic gripped him, and he began wading through the sea of people once more, trying to think of where else Joel could have gone.

No sooner had he emerged on the other side of the crowd than he saw his son appear from a side corridor, his usual scowl firmly in place.

"Joel, I told you to stay with your sister while I spoke to Mariah. You couldn't have waited two minutes?"

"I just went to use their owlery," the boy said, shrugging. "I was coming right back."

Geoff gripped his son by the shoulder and began steering him toward the stairs and back up to Sarah's ward. "I just want you to stay 

safe

, Joel. With the attacks at the World Cup the other day, we can't be too careful."

"Dad, I think people would be more concerned with attacking Lynch than attacking me. You don't have to treat me like a little kid all the time, you know."

"I know." Geoff stopped walking and turned to face his son, placing a hand on each of the boy's shoulders. "I already lost your mother. I don't want to lose you or your sister, too."

Joel brushed his dad's hands off his shoulders and continued walking, his scowl deepening. "I don't know what you're so worried about. I mean, you've got to be the only one in the country who's not worried about 'notorious mass-murderer Sirius Black' murdering your whole family, but you're worried about random attacks? That's mad."

"Listen to me," Geoff said, stopping again and grabbing his son's sleeve, turning the boy to face him. "You are going to do as I say, and you are going to stay safe. Sirius Black does not concern me. What 

does 

concern me is the threat that someone much more dangerous could escape from Azkaban and do much more damage."

"Yeah, well, no one's broken out yet. Everyone's still locked up tight, including Mum." Joel jerked his sleeve away. "Maybe she'll get out and come home. Then I might have a parent I could actually look up to."

He turned and stalked away down the corridor, leaving Geoffrey gaping after him. The hem of Joel's robes disappeared around the corner, and Geoff emerged from his stupor, hurrying after him, his rage building as he worked on forming a lecture for his son. By the time he reached Sarah's ward, he saw that his son had pulled a chair into the corner and was scribbling away furiously on a roll of parchment, writing yet another letter to his mysterious summer penpal. Day after day, the surly Slytherin boy had written letter after letter to some unknown entity.

A tiny voice in the back of Geoff's mind suggested that perhaps Joel had been writing to Emilie. He wondered if Emilie had written him back. He tried to remember the last time he had received a letter from his wife, but it had been years; she had stopped responding long before he had stopped writing. He shook the thought from his mind, exhaling a deep breath as his anger ebbed slightly. Even if Joel were writing to Emilie, she wouldn't be writing back. She 

couldn't 

be writing back. Not after thirteen years in Azkaban. But then again, Sirius was living proof that someone could not only survive Azkaban, mind intact, but actually 

escape

...

Geoff pulled a chair over to Sarah's bedside and seated himself, settling himself in for a long, quiet night.










Chapter 7: Follies and Foreshadowing
    




Chapter Text

Christmas morning greeted them with a fierce chill frosting the windows and creeping into the room. The girls awoke slowly and laid in bed for a while before moving enough to let each other know they were awake. 

"Merry Christmas," mumbled Mariah, combing her tangled mass of hair through her fingers.

"You too," said Lily. 

"You feeling better?" asked Mariah.

Lily shrugged. "Not really. You?"

Mariah shook her head. "We should probably go downstairs," she said. "Everyone will be up soon."

The girls walked back to the Potters' living room, only to find it empty but for an owl or two asleep on the backs of couches, probably recovering from their nighttime flight through the cold weather. In the corner, a mound of parcels had appeared overnight underneath a heavily decorated Christmas tree.

"Presents," said Lily, walking over and rifling through them. She bit her lip and glanced back at Mariah, who shrugged.

"Don't worry about it." 

"I sent an owl with your present to your house already," said Lily quickly. Mariah pointed at Lily's packages.

"Go ahead and see what you got." 

"Let's open them with the boys," said Lily, getting to her feet. 

"It's not early... why are they still asleep?" said Lily, checking her watch. Mariah looked around, and a table covered in party crackers caught her eye.

"We should wake them up," she said, nodding at the table. Lily glanced around at it. "Unless you're still mad at James, of course."

"No..." Lily smiled at Mariah. "We should wake them up." The two of them snagged a few party favors off of a table and crept up the hall to the boys' room, pushing the door in quietly. 

Almost every inch of the bed was occupied, taken up by the overlapping, sprawled limbs of the two gangly boys. James had the upper left side of the bed in a sort of invasive C-shape, while Sirius had colonized the lower half of the bed in an odd dead-man's-float. Mariah and Lily approached the bed, shushing each other. Lily held up three fingers. Two fingers. One.

Both of them shrieked and pulled apart party crackers, which let off a loud BANG and few sparks as they expelled their prizes. The result was pandemonium. James grabbed his pillow and hurled it at Lily, who was closest, yelling something that sounded like an incantation, though he didn't have his wand. Sirius leapt out of bed, tangled in the sheets, and hit his head on one of the bedposts, his hand shooting up to the night table for his wand, but instead knocking the whole thing over.

Mariah and Lily doubled up with laughter, groping blindly for support. Suddenly, though, two jets of light hit squarely in their chests, and they fell to the floor, missing another few that ricochet off of the walls and hit the windows. Geoff had leapt up from the opposite side of the bed, where he had been sleeping on the floor in a tangle of blankets, wand at the ready.

"Geoff! Calm down!" shouted James, grasping for his own wand from the bedside table and effectively disarming the redhead.

Joel burst into the room in a robe -- though thankfully this time he had trousers on beneath it -- looking around wildly with his wand raised, taking in the scene of chaos. He gave the Marauders a disapproving look and muttered something about going back to bed, tucking his wand back into his bathrobe.

Sirius stepped over to look down at the girls on the floor, frowning. "He hit Mariah with a Jelly Legs... and it looks like Lily's got Knee-Reversal Jinx..." He shook his head, laughing, and looked back at Geoff. "Does anyone know the counter-jinx for any of these?" 

"Are you telling me that 

none of you

 knows the counter-spell for Jelly-Legs?" asked Mariah incredulously, trying to pull herself up on trembling feet. Sirius shrugged. 

"Well... I'm more of an offense than a defense," he said, giving her a hand.

James was pulling Lily to her feet, bracing her with his shoulder. "Let's get them downstairs, and then we can look up the counter-jinxes."

"What is this!? I look like an ostrich!" she yelled as he led her down the hallway.

Sirius pulled Mariah to her feet, wrapping one of her arms over his shoulders. Geoff caught her other arm, adding his support.

"Sirius... maybe you should put a shirt on first..." Geoff said, glancing over at him. 

"Oh, don't worry, my siren good looks don't affect her, or she'd have dumped Lovell months ago," said Sirius. Geoff rolled his eyes. 

"I was thinking more in terms of the snow and ice," he said in annoyance. Sirius grabbed a robe off his bedpost and folded it over his free arm.

"Fine, if it bothers you so much..." 

They hobbled down the stairs to the living room, where Lily already lay on a couch with James flipping through a book for the counter-jinx. Not long after, both girls were back to normal.

"When did you get in, Geoff?" Lily asked. Geoff rubbed his eyes.

"Last night. My house was attacked by Death Eaters."

"So were ours," said Lily, nodding at Mariah. "They got Mariah's dad."

"Why do you think--"

"Now you know I'm all for Death Eater-bashing, but might I point out that it 

is

 Christmas," interrupted Joel from the doorway, raising his eyebrows. He yawned hugely as Claire pushed him into the room and towards an armchair. "You kids are awfully loud in the morning, you know that?"

Fleamont entered a moment later, and James began pulling the gifts out from under the tree to distribute them. Soon the floor was amassed with wrapping paper.

"Nice, I was needing one of these," James said, setting aside a freshly unwrapped Broomstick Servicing Kit. Sirius was reading the card on present after present and chucking them back over his shoulder without even opening them. Mariah glanced at Lily.

"Anything from your sister..." She broke off as Lily shook her head, her lips tight. Mariah sighed. "You're not alone." Lily glanced at her, and she mouthed, 

'Devon'

, following it by placing a finger over her mouth. Lily bit her lip, but moved onto another parcel fast enough that the others didn't seem to notice their exchange.

Sirius glanced at Geoff, who was staring at the carpet despondently.

"What's the matter?" he asked. The rest of the group looked at Geoff, then at Sirius.

"Uh... Sirius..." started Lily. Geoff didn't look up.

"Nothing... it's just my parents, that's all. See you." He picked up his wand and walked back upstairs. Sirius looked back after him. 

"What, didn't they send you something? Mate, you can have one of these if you want," he picked up one of the discarded packages, "My parents sent me a bunch of useless junk I'd left around the house, amongst a bunch of bullshit from assorted relatives." They heard the door slam.

"I don't think he wants your gifts," said Claire softly from her perch on the chair's armrest.

Sirius turned back around, throwing the package from his family back over his shoulder and picking up a funny band James had gotten him. "Ah, well that's alright, they'd probably be cursed this year anyway," he said.

Lily sighed and pinched the bridge of his nose. "Sirius, his parents died in the Ministry raid."

Sirius paused, looking from Lily's exasperated face to Mariah, who was glaring at him. "I'm 

sorry

. I 

forgot

," he said, flustered, holding up the band as if to wave the matter aside. "James, what 

is

 this?" 

"A flea collar," said James shortly. Sirius looked back at it, interested.

"Oh..."

"You have a dog?" asked Mariah.

"Yeah... a very itchy one," said Sirius, putting the band aside, his eyes still on it.

Lily rolled her eyes and excused herself, following Geoff upstairs. She found him in the boys' room, sprawled out on the bed, picking absently at some peeling paint just above the headboard. She knocked on the door frame and he looked up at her, pushing himself up into a sitting position as she entered.

"Sorry about that," she said. "You know how Sirius is."

"Yeah, I know. It's fine. It's just weird not having them here, or being at my house..."

"Death Eaters attacked your house, right?" she asked, sitting beside him. "Do you have any idea why--"

"Not a clue," he said, shaking his head. "Joel and Claire were staying with me at the house -- they were best friends with my parents, and since my parents were killed in that last Ministry raid, I guess Joel and Claire were the targets."

"It's weird that your house was attacked, though," Lily said. "Mariah and I were both attacked last night, too, out of nowhere. What if they were after you, though, and not your parents' friends? But going after students..." She chewed her lip, thinking, but could not find a connection between the attacks. Abruptly, she stood. "Come on," she said. "Let's see if we can figure something out."

He stood and followed her back into the living room, where James and Sirius were still sifting through the pile of gifts, evidently sorting them out by recipient. Mariah was curled up on one end of the couch, flipping through a family photo album that Fleamont had handed her, listening to his running narrative of the photos from the other end of the couch.

Joel was seated in one of the squashy armchairs that flanked either side of the Christmas tree, the morning edition of the 

Daily Prophet

 spread out in his lap. Claire was still perched on the armrest, though she was now sipping on a steaming mug of hot cider.

Geoff dropped himself onto the couch between Mariah and Fleamont. "Lily said you were attacked last night?"

"Yeah. Well, yesterday morning," she said. She looked down at the photo album in her hands, trailing a finger over a picture of a smiling Euphemia Potter raising up toddler James to put a star on the top of an enormous Christmas tree. "We were putting up some last-minute decorations when they showed up."

"It's Christmas!" Fleamont said suddenly. "We should be talking about happy things! Surely we can have one day without doom and gloom. Now, who wants some breakfast?"

"We need to talk about it, Fleamont," Joel said from his armchair, looking up from his newspaper. "The Death Eaters aren't going to rest, and neither should we!"

"For Christ's sake, Joel, you're acting like we're fighting a war."

"Aren't we?" he shot back. "Dumbledore seems to think so. He's already recruiting people to fight against the Dark Lord, so clearly 

something

 is happening. If it's not war yet, it will be."

"And Voldemort's got followers at Hogwarts," Sirius chimed in as he tossed another package onto his pile of discarded gifts. "A bunch of the Slytherins go around making threats. The Lestrange brothers stood up and walked out of Defense Against the Dark Arts. What was it they said, Prongs? War was coming?"

"Yeah, something like that," James answered, picking up Sirius's latest rejected present and inspecting it. He rattled the small package next to his ear for a moment before shrugging and beginning to tear the paper off. "Told everyone to pick a side, and soon. No prizes for guessing whose side they're on. They and their whole gang would love to see all the Muggle-borns and half-bloods wiped out."

"Maybe that's why we were attacked," Lily said, looking at Mariah. "Because they want to get rid of anyone with mixed blood."

"But Geoff's a pureblood," Mariah said. She looked across at Claire and Joel. "What about you two? You were at Geoff's house last night, weren't you?"

Fleamont was frowning, reaching across Geoff to take his family photo album back from Mariah. "I hardly think this is an appropriate conversation for Christmas morning," he started, but Joel cut across him.

"Claire's father is a Muggle," he said. "But there's got to be more to it than that." He looked at Sirius. "You said the Slytherins have been making threats against the Muggle-borns?"

"Yeah, but nobody believes me when I try to tell them that they're up to something. Especially 

those

 two," he added, nodding toward Geoff and Mariah.

Mariah's cheeks reddened, and she made to stand, but Lily stopped her.

"Sirius," she said flatly. "This isn't the time. Accept it and move on -- Mariah wants to be with Kurt, and Geoff wants to be with Emilie."

"Oh," Geoff started, "Emilie and I aren't exactly--"

"Fine," Sirius said, throwing his hands up into the air, sending yet another parcel flying. "I'll shut up about it. They can do whatever the hell they want, but when it turns out they've been played all along, all I'll have to say is 'I told you so.'"

"Okay, breakfast," Fleamont said loudly, standing and setting the photo album down on the coffee table a bit harder than necessary. "Who wants sausage, and who wants bacon? Oh, it's Christmas, I'll just make both--"

"Of course, there's always 

Hellion Hexes

," Remus said quietly.

Joel glanced around at his wife and the girls, then shot a sideways look at Remus, clearing his throat. "I don't know that 

Hellion Hexes

 is an appropriate topic for... mixed company."

"No, no, he has a point," Lily said, sitting up. "Mariah, Geoff, and I were all on a centerfold in it, and we all got attacked. Maybe it's a hit list or something?"

"We asked Emilie about it already," Geoff said, shaking his head. "She said it was just--"

"We don't have any other theories," Mariah interjected. "And remember, Emilie said Rosier would talk about 'tonight's target'? What other reason is there for the three of us to have been in that book?"

"I've got an idea," James said. "When we get back to school, you--" he pointed at Mariah "--get to interrogate Kurt about the book and find out what's going on. We already talked to Emilie, she didn't know anything. If it's a hit list, then there's the proof we need to say they're Death Eaters, or that they're not. Can everyone agree to that?"

"I say we just let Geoff beat it out of them," Sirius said, ripping off the wrappings of another package.

"I think I'll join Fleamont in the kitchen," Claire said loudly, sliding off her perch and exiting.

"Boys," Joel said, setting his newspaper aside and leaning forward. "And girls," he added, glancing at Mariah and Lily, "listen to me. Don't do anything reckless. If your friends in Slytherin are as harmless as you say they are, nothing bad should come from you asking them about the book. If you get into trouble, I want you to stop what you're doing and keep yourselves 

safe

. I want all of you to promise me you'll stay out of trouble. Okay? Okay. Now that my preaching is over, let's all go have some breakfast."

He stood and walked out of the room, leaving his newspaper behind in the chair. Slowly, the Marauders stood and followed.










Chapter 8: Bedtime, Morning, Noon, and Night
    




Chapter Text

Their last night at the Potters' was a quiet one, as most every night had been since Christmas. The living room was crowded with trunks and bags. The day before, two men named Prewett had come by with Geoff's, Lily's, and Mariah's school things. Lily's family had not been harmed and the houses seemed to be empty. They had given no word on the search for Mariah's father before leaving.

Mariah couldn't sleep. She sat by the living room window staring out into the night sky. She stared hard for any movement, the flip of a wing, the flutter of a body...

"It would be here by now, you know," said a voice. Mariah turned around to see Sirius watching her from the staircase. Mariah didn't say anything, but went back to looking out of the window. She heard Sirius's footsteps and heard him drop into the armchair closest to her.

"Why are you up?" she asked.

"Eh, James was hogging the blankets," said Sirius. "You know, it would've taken that owl maybe a day to get there. If he hasn't replied by now, I think it's safe to assume you're not going to get anything before we're back on the train tomorrow."

Mariah didn't comment. Sirius was voicing a fear she had been feeling in the pit of her stomach ever since Christmas. As every day went by, she felt the anxiety gnawing at her, but tried to swallow it down. 

"You should get some sleep," said Sirius.

"Go ahead and say what you're trying to say, Sirius," said Mariah. 

"I'm just saying you should get some sleep. You'll probably see him on the train, anyway."

Mariah looked around at him, drawing her knees up to her chest. Sirius watched her.

"You told him what happened?" he asked. Mariah nodded. Sirius pushed his hair out of his face. "What a cunt."

"Sirius..." groaned Mariah. Sirius shrugged.

"No, really, if you told him about this and he didn't say anything, that makes him a cunt. Nevermind that he's probably a Death Eater, that's just rude."

"Who are you to judge when other people are being rude?" countered Mariah. 

"Mariah, I'm not even 

trying

 to be a dick right now! How come you have to turn everything into an argument? Can't you see I'm on your side," said Sirius. Mariah sighed.

"I'm sorry," she said. "I'm just...not in the mood to talk about it."

"Look, Mariah, Dumbledore's got everyone out looking for your dad," said Sirius. "And as I can't remember the last time Dumbledore couldn't save the day, I'm gonna go out on a limb here and say everything's going to be alright." Mariah didn't say anything. She pulled her knees tighter to herself. Sirius seemed to notice her tensing and got to his feet. "Hey, come on." He sat down next to her and put his hands on her shoulders. She looked at him. "It's going to be alright, alright? Say it."

"It's going to be alright..." muttered Mariah unconvincingly. Sirius continued to stare at her.

"Got it?" he asked. Mariah stared back at him, nodding slowly. Sirius put his arm around her shoulders and pulled her into his chest. Neither of them said anything for a long while. She could hear him breathing slowly as they leaned against the windowpane in the dark living room. It was a moment before she realized she was nodding off, and she barely noticed him carry her back up to her room. 

She woke up the next morning to Euphemia knocking on her and Lily's door. 

They Apparated to King's Cross an hour or so later. Sirius, Geoff, and James helped Mariah and Lily load their belongings into a compartment and they all climbed in, soon joined by Peter and Remus as they arrived. Geoff left them to find Emilie after a while. Mariah lingered outside of the compartment on the platform looking for Kurt, but as the whistle blew she reluctantly boarded the train, taking a seat next to Sirius. 

The compartment was fairly cheerful with the arrival of Remus and Peter. They quickly filled them in on what had happened over break, though as James had sent a brief letter to each of them it was more detail-oriented and less of a shock. Mariah glanced at the compartment door every once in awhile, but once Sirius caught her eye halfway through the journey she stopped.

"I'm going to stretch my legs," she said after the witch with the snack cart had gone by. She let herself out into the hallway and began moving along the train. 

She glanced through the glass windows to each compartment as she passed, stopping finally as she heard Snape's voice muffled through a door. She could see four foggy figures, and clearly heard Emilie's voice responding to whatever Snape had said. The two of them laughed, and she heard a third voice join in then. It was Kurt, laughing away with them. The fourth figure she assumed to be Geoff at Emilie's side.

Mariah took the door handle, but hesitated. She heard them laugh again and removed her hand, turning and walking back up the hall towards the Marauders' compartment.

* * *

"...no, but really, you should have seen Bella's face when Naricissa followed Lucius out," Kurt said, recovering from his most recent bout of laughter. "And your 

mum

, Emilie -- how'd it go, Sev? What did her face look like?"

Snape's yellow grin was replaced by a look of mild perplexion, followed shortly by sheer horror, sending Emilie and Kurt into another fit of laughter. Geoff shifted uncomfortably beside Emilie and tried to crack a smile.

"You should have seen it, Mansfield," Kurt said, wiping a tear of mirth from the corner of his eye. "Madame Delacroix had this whole dinner party planned out, everything was perfect, everyone was supposed to behave themselves, it was supposed to be a nice evening... And then the guest of honor skips out before the first course even starts, Narcissa is giving Lucius a handjob under the table, this bloke Karkaroff kept drinking out of this flask he had and started yelling at everyone in Russian, Rodolphus was doing who-knows-what to Bellatrix the whole night, Lucius and Narcissa leave the table to go have a knee-trembler in the powder room, and then 

Evan

--"

"Can we not?" Emilie interrupted with a pointed look, her good humor suddenly extinguished. She tugged on the sleeve of her robe, pulling it down a little further on her arm.

Geoff caught her hand and tugged the end of her sleeve up a bit, eying the bandages wrapped around her forearm and frowning. "What did Evan do to you, exactly? Must have been a pretty powerful hex, if it can't be healed with magic."

She jerked her arm away from him, ignoring the exchange of glances between Kurt and Severus. "I don't know," she said. "The curse just hit me in the arm and cut it up. Mum and Papa did what they could, but said it would just take time. And to keep it wrapped up, so it doesn't get infected or anything."

"Rosier's going to get it the next time I see him," Geoff said. "I'll give him more than just a broken nose."

"You Gryffindors are an awfully thick bunch," Snape drawled. "Look at what Evan did to Emilie, and they used to be 

friends

. Just imagine what he'd do to 

you

."

Geoff conceded that Snape was right, and the rest of the train ride was fairly quiet. Once they had arrived at Hogsmeade station and taken the horseless carriages up to the castle, Geoff and Emilie went their separate ways in the Great Hall.

"Meet me after dinner, will you?" he asked.

She nodded and gave him a quick smile before following Kurt and Severus to the Slytherin table while Geoff took his place with the Marauders.

"So, when are you going to tell him?" Kurt muttered, lightly touching his fingers to Emilie's forearm. "You can't keep it wrapped up forever."

She jerked her arm away from him, folding her arms across her chest and frowning. "When are 

you

 going to tell Mariah?" she asked. "I'm not the only one in this group with conflicting interests, you know."

"Who said anything about conflicting interests?" Kurt asked, raising his eyebrows as he seated himself on the long bench on one side of Severus while Emilie seated herself on the other. "You think being with Manic Mansfield is incompatible with your... other lifestyle choices?"

"Like Jiggery Jaeger's friends are going to let her hang around you with your new tattoo," she shot back.

"We're all adults here," he said. "Mariah hangs around with who she likes, and that happens to be me, tattoo or no."

Severus heaved a rather pointed sigh, and moments later food materialized on the dishes in front of them. The atmosphere in the Great Hall was cheery, students chattering loudly with each other about the holidays, everyone refreshed and significantly more upbeat after having seen their families over the break, although an anxious undercurrent rippled through the school as the evening wore on and rumors of attacks spread. In a brief lull between dinner and the dessert course, Dumbledore rose from his seat at the elevated staff table and gave a few brief words of welcome to the students, sitting back down just as puddings and tarts and cakes appeared on the tables.

At the Gryffindor table, dinner proceeded quietly, and Mariah couldn't bring herself to eat more than one plate. She glanced at the Slytherin table every five minutes or so, but Kurt was blocked by a group of students at the Ravenclaw table and she couldn't catch his eye. When the desserts finally vanished and everyone got to their feet, she headed out of the hall ahead of the rest of the Gryffindor table, lingering at the door while the rest of the students slowly filed out. 

Kurt and Severus emerged together as the majority of the Slytherin table reached the door, and Mariah followed them.

"Kurt." 

Kurt turned around, grinning and walking towards her.

"Mariah, I was wondering where you were." He nodded once to Severus, who continued towards the dungeons with the rest of the Slytherins. Mariah watched Severus leave warily, but frowned.

"I was on the train," she said shortly. Kurt moved in to kiss her, but she pulled back. "Did you get my owl?" Kurt's smile faltered. 

"I did," he said. 

"Why didn't you answer me?" demanded Mariah, a bit louder than she had intended. Kurt took her arm and steered her down a side corridor and into an empty classroom. He turned around to face her once he had shut the door and locked it.

"Mariah...when I went home, my father had plans for me," he said slowly. "We were summoned to the Delacroix's house." He began to roll up the sleeve of his left arm. Mariah's eyes flickered from Kurt's face to his forearm and back. There was a bandage around his arm. Kurt began to unwind it.

"No..." said Mariah faintly, reaching her hands to her face as the small red tattoo was uncovered on Kurt's skin. "No no no..." Kurt looked up at her with a pained expression.

"Mariah, please, I didn't want it," he said quickly. "We always talked about this, you know I have no allegiances made up."

"Then why is it right there!?" cried Mariah, pointing at his arm. "Why did you get that!?"

"I didn't have a choice," said Kurt, a bit more forcefully. "My father--"

"Then why didn't you leave? Sirius left his family because of what they were doing, why couldn't you?" Tears had glossed over her eyes in her frustration. "Did they drag you in there and force you to get that 

thing

, or did you just walk right in after your f-father--"

"Because you'll be safer with me on this side of the line than the other way around," said Kurt sharply. 

"Safer!?" Mariah was beginning to sound hysterical. "They attacked me! They attacked m-my house! They took my dad! I don't know where he is! I don't know whether he's alive or d-d-dead..." She broke off in a sob. "And you weren't even there for me! You didn't say a word! You just went ahead and j-joined them while I was nearly killed! And now you're saying it's because I would be 

safer

?"

Mariah shoved him hard, and he staggered back. She moved to shove him again, but he caught her hands. She struggled to fight free for a moment but gave up, ducking her head and collapsing into tears. It seemed that all of the stress and worry was closing in on her at once, blinding her in pressure. She pressed her head into Kurt's chest and he let go of her wrists, hugging her tightly to him. A few minutes went by where she cried into his robes, his hands running up and down her shoulders and her hair. When her sobs had subsided considerably he ventured to speak again.

"Mariah, I promise you, I had nothing to do with the attack on your house." He felt her fingers tighten around handfuls of his robes. "But I'll do everything I can to find your father," he finished. "I'll ask around. I'll find him. It'll be alright." He ran his fingers over her hair. "It'll be alright," he said again.

Mariah didn't look at him. Tears ran silently down her face as she looked at the place where Kurt's robes were still pushed up around his elbows. The burnt skull and snake stared back at her, and she couldn't quite let go of the icy feeling in her chest as Kurt held her there tightly with his hands stroking her hair.

* * *

Emilie found Geoff waiting for her in the Entrance Hall, and allowed him to take her hand and lead her up one corridor and down another until the sounds of the other students dwindled in the distance. The Slytherin girl watched him from the corner of her eye as they walked and noted that he seemed a little on edge, his eyes roaming the corridor, lingering briefly on everything but her, his palm sweating lightly in her hand as they walked on in silence.

"Everything all right?" she asked after a few minutes.

"Fine," he said, though his voice sounded choked. He cleared his throat. "Fine," he repeated, his voice stronger. "I just... there's something I wanted to ask you."

"Ask away," she said. "I'm an open book."

He opened his mouth as if to say something, closed it as if he'd thought better of it, then opened it to try again. "Here," he said, seating himself on a low bench in one of the corridor's small alcoves, pulling her down to sit beside him. The weak silver light of the moon outside filtered in through a window above them, casting the alcove into a pale light. "Listen," he went on, still clutching both of her hands in his. "I've been doing a lot of thinking. I want to give us a real chance."

"Didn't we have this conversation already?" she asked. "Ages ago, when you asked if we could ever be friends?"

She saw his ears flush in the semidarkness. "That's not... I meant give us a real chance as... as more than friends."

She grinned sheepishly at him. "Geoff... I thought we were already more than friends."

The Gyffindor's shoulders relaxed as he heaved a sigh of relief and began to laugh out loud. He reached up to touch the side of her face and leaned forward as if to kiss her, but the sound of a heavy door opening somewhere down the corridor and footsteps heading their way caught both of their attention. As one, they turned their heads and stared into the darkness of the corridor, hardly daring to breathe as they waited.

"Students out of bed? Where are they, my sweet?"

Filch.

Geoff grabbed Emilie's hand and yanked her up off the bench, and the two of them sprinted down the corridor, ignoring Filch as he shouted behind them, the caretaker's pace quickening as he took off running after them, Mrs. Norris yowling behind him. They rounded a corner and in the silence that followed, they thought they'd lost him for a moment, only to hear a low chuckle from overhead. Geoff and Emilie looked up to see Peeves drifting upside down in the air above them, a broad grin on the poltergeist's face.

"Manic Mansfield and the Pestiferous Pureblood creeping through the castle," he murmured. He tutted at them, wagging one of his short fingers in mock disapproval. "Should tell Filch, I should. Rule-breakers shan't get off scot-free..."

As Peeves took a deep breath, clearly mustering his loudest voice to most effectively alert Filch, Geoff whipped out his wand and muttered "

Aguamenti,

" sending a jet of water directly into Peeves' face, leaving the Poltergeist coughing and spluttering as the two students took off running again, laughing as they heard Peeves shouting after them, "STUDENTS OUT OF BED! FOURTH FLOOR CORRIDOR! STUDENTS OUT OF BED!"

They heard Filch's footsteps pounding down a side corridor, the caretaker evidently having taken a shortcut, and ducked into an empty classroom, shutting the door behind them as quickly and quietly as they could, laughter dying on their lips as they waited, grinning at each other through the darkness, listening. They heard Peeves fly past, still shouting, and seconds later heard Filch's footsteps thunder past behind the Poltergeist. Several more seconds passed, and still there was silence, broken only by their heavy breathing as they caught their breath.

The next thing Emilie knew, Geoff's lips were pressed firmly against hers as he pushed her back against the wall, his hands cupping the sides of her face as her lips parted, allowing his tongue to enter her mouth. Her teeth grazed his lower lip as her hands clutched at the back of his robes, pulling him closer. One of his hands dropped from her jaw and slipped down her body, coming to rest on her hip for a moment before traveling to the front of her shirt, his fingers fumbling with the buttons of the blouse beneath her sweater.

She shrugged her arms out of the sleeves of her school robes, allowing them to fall to the floor, pushing Geoff away long enough to grab the bottom of her sweater and yank it over her head. Once the sweater was on the floor beside her robes, the Gryffindor spun her around, lifting her to sit on top of a nearby desk and catching her mouth with his once more before returning his attention to the buttons on her blouse.

"Geoff," she said softly, grinning as she reached for his belt, "I think we're definitely more than friends."










Chapter 9: Double Dealings, Doubled
    




Chapter Text

As the new term began, the teachers wasted no time in immersing the students back into their lessons, particularly Professor Delaprec, who seemed to believe that his Defense Against the Dark Arts was the only course his students were taking, as it was of utmost importance. Before the end of the month, the weekends already found them straining under mountains of homework, tucked away in warm common rooms and the coziest corners of the library. News of the string of Death Eater attacks on Christmas Eve had spread through the school like wildfire; Lily, Geoff, and Mariah, it seemed, were not the only ones who had been targeted. The victims of the attacks had banded together, nearly all of them having been invited to join the Order of the Phoenix by Dumbledore, and were hardly ever seen wandering the hallways alone.

The sudden sense of fellowship between those attacked was rivaled in intensity only by the ever-increasing rift between the Slytherins and the rest of the school. Mariah had told Lily about Kurt's Dark Mark, pleading with her not to tell Sirius. But Sirius, suspicious as ever, had sensed that someone was not telling him something, and managed to weasel it out of Lily. Sirius had remained relatively quiet about it and hadn't approached Mariah directly, but never missed an opportunity to discuss his latest opinions on Slytherins loudly with James whenever Mariah was in earshot.

Geoff and Emilie, on the other hand, had become nearly inseparable since the end of break.

"Mariah said Kurt told her he went to the 

Delacroix's

 to get his Dark Mark," Sirius was constantly telling him. "Don't you think there's a chance that she might have one, too?"

"She doesn't," Geoff would say. "Rosier attacked her 

because

 she doesn't have one. She's not like the rest of them."

"Or 

maybe

 she's kept her arm wrapped up because she doesn't want you to see her new tattoo."

But Geoff was content to ignore Sirius and continue to spend his afternoons and evenings sitting in the library or walking around the snowy grounds with Emilie, stealing kisses in empty classrooms and avoiding Filch during after-curfew excursions.

It was after one of these such excursions that Emilie returned to the Slytherin common room, cheeks flushed and grinning broadly, that she found Kurt and Severus waiting for her, playing chess near the fireplace. They gestured at the third, empty chair beside them, turning their own chairs to face her as she sat, setting their chess game aside.

"It looks like the two of you are staging some kind of intervention," she said, her smile fading. "What's it about?"

"It's about you and Mansfield," Severus said.

Emilie groaned. "What 

about

 me and Mansfield? It's my business who I go around with, isn't it? And anyway, what about Kurt and Mariah?"

"I told Mariah about my Mark," Kurt said quietly. "And she knows I was at your house when I got it."

The boys waited for a moment while Emilie digested this. "So," she said slowly, "what you're saying is..."

"Sooner or later, she's going to spread the word to Potter and his gang, if she hasn't already. And one of them will work out that if your parents hosted the annual office Christmas party, you've probably got a Mark, too. Imagine how devastated Mansfield will be, knowing his girlfriend signed up with the people who killed his parents."

She looked helplessly from one boy to the other, but neither gave her reassurance. "It's not like I had much of a 

choice

--"

"Do you really expect us to believe you'd have chosen differently?" Severus asked, cocking an eyebrow.

She looked down at her hands in her lap for a moment, frowning. "What does this have to do with me and Geoff?" she asked, looking back up at them. "So what if I'm going around with him? It's not like he's a danger to the cause or anything. We're still in 

school

, for Christ's sake. It's not like he's gone off and joined the Muggleborn Protection Committee or something. As far as anyone's concerned, he's still neutral."

"Being neutral doesn't make him an ally to the cause," Kurt said. "Not that he'd align himself with the side responsible for killing his parents. And besides that, you know how Rosier is about things. If he sees Mansfield as an enemy because he hasn't declared public allegiance to the cause, then you're an enemy by association, with or without that Mark on your arm, as long as you're going around with him."

"Then what am I supposed to do? You're in the same boat as me, Kurt. Mariah's not exactly jumping to get her arm branded."

He shrugged. "Keep your distance for a while. Let Evan think you're back on our side."

"I 

am

 on your side! I always have been!"

"Then prove it," Severus interjected. "Make up with Rosier. Get back in his good graces. This isn't going to end after we all graduate. If Rosier has any reason to doubt your allegiance once we're out of here--"

"--he can report you to the Dark Lord or one of his lieutenants," Kurt finished. "And then where will you be? Branded as a traitor, and as good as dead."

"So, what, I'm just supposed to tell Geoff we're through, no explanation?"

"He probably won't want anything to do with you once he knows about 

that

," Kurt said pointedly, nodding towards Emilie's arm. "But on the off-chance that he 

does

 still want to play nice, you're going to have to distance yourself. Convince Rosier it's an act and show him you're a team player again."

"Fine," she said. "I'll do what I have to. Now, if you'll excuse me."

She stood and walked down the short corridor that housed the girls' dormitories, leaving the boys to return to their chess game. After she undressed and climbed into bed, pulling the green curtains closed around her four-poster, she lay awake in the darkness, wondering how Geoff would take the news of her decided allegiance.

* * *

Peter Pettigrew often made it a point not to wander the castle alone. His spellwork was notoriously poor and he often forgot the castle's secret passageways best used for an escape. With James, Sirius, and Remus, he had been guaranteed safe passage to and from his classes and the common room. Even with Lily and Mariah, that only strengthened his protection, as they were no damsels in distress. However, it was by no mistake that Peter had wound up halfway up the staircase to the Astronomy Tower after dinner one night. 

His footsteps echoed off the arched stone walls as he huffed and puffed his way up the stairs. He had purposefully avoided Astronomy because of this staircase. Grasping at the wall, Peter heaved his way onto the landing, breathing hard. He braced himself on his knees, but footsteps nearby made him look up.

"Took you long enough," said Kurt. "Did your friends notice?"

"Told 'em I had to talk to McGonagall about a test," said Peter, still panting. He straightened up. "They don't notice much of what I do anyway."

"Apparently not," said Kurt. "That is, as long as you are still faithful to our agreement." Peter nodded so fast that his multiple chins flopped against each other.

"I don't want to be jumped, and from what I've heard, you've all got more backup lately, don't you." Kurt laughed at the look on Peter's face.

"Rumor does have it," he agreed. "Then again, we can't be sure, can we?"

"Can he really read minds?" asked Peter after a moment. Kurt raised an eyebrow at him.

"How should I know?" he asked. 

"I heard--"

"These are rumors, Pettigrew."

"Sirius has been saying you've a mark," said Peter. Kurt frowned.

"Black has been saying that all year," he said shortly. "Do get to the point, Pettigrew, I don't have all night. What did you want?"

"I've been thinking," said Peter. Kurt's mouth twitched, but Peter went on. "I've been thinking about my political views lately."

"Your political views."

"I mean, he's been gaining a lot of power lately, hasn't he? I read in the 

Prophet

 that he's already got magical creatures forming an army for him."

"And what do you think about that?" asked Kurt.

"I think it's intimidating," said Peter. "Friends and their families are already being attacked. I thought everything worked out pretty well with me stealing the book for you in exchange for your protection, I thought maybe we could work out some kind of long-term agreement."

"What sort of long-term agreement, Pettigrew? In the real world, you mean?"

"For my mother and I," said Peter. "I uh...thought that maybe I could do something for you in exchange--"

"And what would that be?" asked Kurt. Peter paused, at a loss. Kurt grinned. "I'll let you know, Pettigrew. I'm sure we could find some use for you. In the meantime, you keep quiet about our last arrangement, or you're our next target."

He strode past Pettigrew and out of the Astronomy Tower. Though he was no longer winded from the trek up, Peter collapsed against the wall, breathing hard.

* * *

Later in the week, Lily didn't show up to Transfiguration. When she wasn't at Charms, James left mid-class to look for her. By the time class was over, he had returned with the news that there had been an attack, and that Lily had had to fight off five Slytherins as they assaulted Alice Prewett, a few Hufflepuffs, and a Ravenclaw in the hall. 

Eight beds were occupied in the Hospital Wing, Lily at the far left at Alice Prewett's bedside, next to Frank Longbottom. Alice was conscious when they arrived, but crying. She was doubled up in pain, holding Frank's hand. 

"Alice, what happened?" asked Sirius.

"S-Slytherins," she said, coughing suddenly. Frank's face was set so sharply he looked carved out of stone.

"It was some kind of ambush," said Lily. "They leapt out of nowhere and disarmed everyone. I just happened 'round on the way to class, and it was lucky I did. They got them in the third-floor corridor."

"Look around, don't you see it? They're all Muggle-borns," said Frank in an undertone, nodding at the rest of the beds. They looked around quickly. 

"I don't know half these people," said Sirius. "They're all from other houses."

"I know one or two of them, and I can assume the rest," said James. 

"But Alice isn't," noted Remus. 

"Do we know who it was who attacked them?" asked Mariah. Alice shook her head, but it was Frank who answered. 

"They wore hoods," he said. "There's no proving they were even in Slytherin."

"Beyond the fact that there are no Slytherins here," muttered Sirius. 

"Without that book, I don't think we're going to be able to prove anything," said James. Geoff looked at him.

"What? 

Hellion Hexes

?"

"What does that have to do with anything?" asked Frank. 

"Mariah here was reading it, I assume for her own pleasure, and found a foldout that not only featured herself, but also Lily and Geoff here. All three of them were attacked over Christmas; we think it might be some kind of hitlist."

"Was Alice on it?" asked Frank.

"I don't know," said Mariah. "Someone broke in and stole it a little before break."

"Right, well that sounds like evidence to me," said Frank. "I agree. In order to get any kind of proof, we're going to need to steal that book back."

"How do we even know they have it? It was stolen, it could have been anyone," piped up Peter. 

"True, but who else would steal it?" muttered Remus.

"It's a 

very

 popular book," said Peter.

"We have to find it," said James dryly. 

"We don't know where it is," said Remus.

"We know where it is, we know the Slytherins have it," said Sirius. "Probably Rosier."

"So what are you going to do, go rummage through the Slytherin dormitories all night?" asked Remus.

"Rosier's a good starting point," said Geoff. 

"And 

we

 are not going to rummage, we're going to sneak in," said Sirius. He glanced at Mariah, who looked back at Alice. She was breathing softly, and had fallen asleep. 

"Mariah, if you could distract Kurt that would be ideal," said James.

"Yeah, he'd be the first to notice if something was going on," said Remus. Mariah felt an uneasy twinge, but glanced at Lily and bit it back. 

"Geoff, if you could cover Emilie--"

"No, I'm coming with you. Emilie doesn't have it, none of the girls do. There'd be no point in searching their dormitory," said Geoff quickly.

"Geoff, if we're really doing this it'd be great to cover as much ground as possible," repeated Sirius slowly.

"How else are you going to get into the common room? You don't even know where it is," said Geoff.

"Well that's not exactly true," muttered Sirius, but Remus waved him aside. 

"We'll work out the details later," he said, somewhat exasperated. He glanced at Mariah. "If you could get as much information as possible out of Kurt about this attack, Mariah, and try to search his room while you're--"

"Yeah," she said. "No problem."

She didn't sound convincing, even to herself.










Chapter 10: Musical Chairs, Part I
    




Chapter Text

"This was such a bad idea."

"OW--that's my foot, Mansfield!"

"You just screamed that in my ear, Sirius. Never mind that we're invisible and shouldn't be talking at 

all

--"

"Shhhhut up, Remus!"

"Your foot is showing, Peter!"

"Oh! Sorry!"

"Quiet!"

"Shhh!"

"WHOSSAT!?"

Nobody moved. Then, as one, the small mob of boys shuffled into a corner behind a statue of a humpbacked wizard with daisies springing from his ears and nostrils. They pressed together, sucking their guts in. It was one thing to fit the four Marauders under the cloak on a regular basis- usually one or two of them volunteered to hang back. It had been easier when they were younger, but the added height of puberty had made traveling under the cloak much riskier than it had been. Now, with the addition of Geoff, they found a group of five to be a bit of a crowd. 

Lamplight flooded the floor before them and they held their breaths. Filch slunk by, sniffing the air as though he could seek out trespassers by the smell of their fear alone. It took a few minutes, but Filch finally passed by and the light disappeared around the corner. The boys breathed again.

"Right, I reckon we're close," said James, pulling out a large piece of parchment. Geoff watched him unfold it.

"What is that?" he asked. James glanced at him.

"Nothing," he said, returning his attention to the map. He muttered under his breath with his wand tip against the parchment and suddenly ink crawled out from the center like a spiderweb, bleeding over the surface right to the edges. Geoff stared, and he gasped as he recognized the pattern of the webbing.

"Is that a map of the school?" he asked, but Sirius shushed him, bending over the parchment with James. 

"Rosier's in his room," he noted. 

"Snape's still up," muttered James. "We'll have to wait for him to leave. Of course he'd be the insomniac."

"Wish we could get Mariah to do something about it," said Remus. "Where is she?"

"She's with Kurt," said James. "Oh..."

"Oh what?" asked Sirius.

"That's probably why Snape's still out there. They share a dormitory, don't they?"

There was a very uncomfortable exchange of glances, and a groan from Sirius.

"But you said Rosier was in his room!" James consulted the map again.

"Oh...that's not his room...that's Marcia Snook's..."

They looked at each other. 

"What do we do?" asked Geoff. 

"We need to get him out of there," said Remus. "Geoff, I think we're going to have to send you in to find Emilie. Try to distract Snape or get him out of there so we can look around. We'll follow you. You know the password?"

"I think so," said Geoff, trying to distinguish the most recent Slytherin password from a long string of offensive magical objects, ingredients, and slurs that had been the rotation of passwords from the rest of the year. 

"Right, let's get close and then you can go ahead," said James, folding the map in one hand. 

They crept out from behind the humpbacked statue and made their way down the sloping hall towards the dungeons. They were just around the corner from the wall that opened to the Slytherin common room when a sound made them stop in their tracks and press against the stone wall. A cackle followed by the clang of crumbling armor echoed down the halls and they glanced at each other in panic. 

"

Shit

! It's Peeves! He'll lead Filch right to us!" hissed James. He pulled out his wand and steadied his aim at the corner of the hall just as Peeves swooped around it. He began looping the hall in wider and wider swoops, coming dangerously close to them. James hissed a spell and Peeves's hand suddenly began punching himself in the face repeatedly. Peeves cursed and stopped his swooping, staring around for the culprit, but the punching hand was too distracting and he flew off, still fighting it. 

A shadow caught James's eye and he saw Mrs. Norris flit around the corner after Peeves.

"Shit shit shit shit..." James hurriedly stuffed his wand into his pocket but the map slipped out of his grasp and slid out from under the cloak. They heard footsteps.

"Get it, 

get it

," hissed Sirius, pushing Peter out from under the cloak. Peter grabbed the paper and put his wand to it quickly, stammering, "Mischief managed," just as a light rounded the corner. 

"Thought we'd take a tour of the castle, did we?" Filch. He bore down on Peter as the shortest Marauder stood rooted to the spot, clasping the map tightly in his hands. "What's this then?" asked Filch, ripping it from his fingers. He unfolded it, turned it over, then folded it back up and shoved it in his pocket. "Thought you'd pull some prank, aye? Don't lie! I've got you now, boy. I've always known you were as bad as the rest of 'em. Filthy, lying, leaving dungbombs all over my office, buckets full of rabid newts--"

Filch seized Peter by the scruff of his robes and marched him down the hall, still listing personal offenses caused by three of the boys still hidden under the cloak in the dark behind them. It was a long time before they breathed again, and even longer before they continued their journey.

They had lost the map. Outside the common room, they decided Geoff should go in and make sure the coast was clear, as he had the best excuse. Geoff glanced back at the empty air behind him before clearly stating the password (

basilisk

)

 

to the wall before him. It swung open with barely a creak, and he proceeded inside, sensing rather than hearing the footsteps that followed him.

Snape's dark eyes flicked up from his textbook and fixated on Geoff, his thin lips forming a scowl beneath his hooked nose. "Mansfield."

"Er -- hi, Snape. Severus?" He gave a hopeful, tentative smile which the Slytherin boy did not return, his pallid features still frowning across the common room. Geoff's smile evaporated and he shifted his weight from one foot to the other. "The lighting in here is... unique?" he tried, gesturing at the greenish windows. "I guess we're under the lake? Do the merpeople have some kind of bioluminescent--"

"As 

riveting

 as your small talk is, Mansfield, I'd much rather you shut it and get out of my common room. What are you doing in here, anyway?"

"Looking for Emilie."

Snape cocked an eyebrow, unconvinced. "She isn't here. She's at the library. You two didn't make plans to meet tonight?"

"I thought I'd stop by and surprise her." 

"Well, surprise, she isn't here. There's the door." Snape jerked his head in the direction of the common room's entrance, indicating the door's location with his abnormally large nose as he idly flipped a page in his book.

Several moments passed in which Geoff stood rooted to the spot, opening and closing his mouth several times as he tried to think of anything else to say to stall. He heard a muffled curse behind him as an end table shook, rattling the lamp that sat on it, as one of the Marauders presumably bumped into it under the cloak on their slow trek toward the dormitories. Snape's dark eyes darted up from his book and narrowed as they landed on Geoff, who abruptly jumped backward nearly a foot, grunting in pain and clutching at his leg. "Ran into a table," he said quickly as the Slytherin frowned at him. "There's so much furniture in here -- don't see how you lot manage to walk around without running into anything, ha ha..."

The weak laugh died on his lips under Snape's glare, and the ginger Gryffindor quickly turned and fled the common room, hoping the others knew what they were doing.

Once the wall panel that served as the entrance had shut behind Geoff, Snape snapped his book shut and rose from his seat, drawing his wand from an inner pocket of his robes as he began prowling around the common room. Something was amiss, and he'd bet all the Galleons in Gringotts that James Potter and Sirius Black were behind it.

James Potter and Sirius Black, meanwhile, had managed to steer themselves, Remus, and the cloak to the other side of the common room without running into any other furniture, and were deliberating in low tones whether the boys' dormitory was down the stairs to the left or to the right while Remus served as lookout, keeping a wary eye on Snape as the Slytherin made his rounds through the common room, prodding and poking at pillows, chairs, lamps, and even empty air on occasion.

"It's the left, Padfoot," James muttered. "That's how it is in Gryffindor Tower."

"Prongs, have you ever even 

looked

 at our map?" Sirius hissed back. "The 

girls' 

dormitories are to the left down here."

"I don't make a habit of checking up on the blighters every night before bedtime and memorizing their House layout! I'm telling you, boys' dorms are to the left."

"Check up on them? I don't check--"

Remus elbowed the both of them to silence them as Snape's greasy head swiveled around to look in their direction. He silently pointed to the hallway on the left, and the three of them shuffled their way to the stairs, heading down further into the dungeons. The first door they passed was labeled 

First Year Girls

, and after quite a bit of shuffling around, the three of them managed an about-face and headed back up the stairway, Remus now leading them. The worn dungeon steps were not the most even of stairs, and just as they topped the staircase and were about to emerge back into the common room, Remus tripped over the top stair, tumbling out from under the cloak and crashing into a nearby chair.

Sirius and James took one look at Snape's face as the Slytherin turned sharply at the noise, wand raised, and they quickly began scrambling to try and cover their friend back with the cloak before Snape spotted them, but it was too late. His yellow teeth bared in a triumphant grin, Snape swooped down on to Remus, grabbing the Gyffindor by the collar of his robes as he regained his feet.

"Well, well, first Mansfield and now Lupin. Potter and Black must be around here, too. Where are they?"

"M-Mansfield was here?" Remus asked, trying to affect a look of surprise. "Must have been to visit his girlfriend, I don't know anything--"

"Don't lie to me, Lupin, I know you're all up to something, and I'm going to find out what it is. Now where are Potter and Black?"

"Haven't seen them all night--"

"

Where are Potter and Black

?"

Remus's eyes flicked involuntarily over Snape's shoulder at the spot where Potter and Black had last been, and the Slytherin was turned around in an instant, flinging Remus vaguely in the direction of one of the many elegant chaises strewn about the common room as he threw himself toward the spot. His grasping hands met only empty air, however, as James and Sirius had crept over to the other staircase and disappeared down it.

Snape rounded back toward Remus and bellowed, "

WHERE ARE POTTER AND BLACK

?"

Meanwhile, down the staircase to the boys' dormitories, James was wrestling with having left Remus behind to deal with Snape. A few curious Slytherin boys had poked their heads out of their bedrooms, looking up and down the hallway for the source of the commotion, though most of the younger ones quickly ducked back into their dormitories.

"D'you really think we should have left Moony up there? We were already down two from our original five," James muttered. "Now it's just going to be the two of us poking around."

"Moony can handle Snivellus," Sirius reassured him. A pair of Slytherin upperclassmen passed by them, discussing amongst themselves what the shouting could be about, and Sirius was thankful that he was invisible, otherwise James might have seen the look of doubt that flickered across his face. "Besides," he went on as they continued down the stairs, hugging closer to the wall as a few more Slytherins passed them, "five of us would have just been tripping over each other down here. This will be much more efficient, trust me."

"Whatever y--" James was cut off as Mulciber came barreling up the staircase, attracted by Snape's shouting, running headfirst into him and knocking him out from under the cloak.

The Slytherin threw out an instinctive hand and caught James by the front of his robes before he hit the stone steps, staring at him for a moment before recognition dawned. "Potter?" He stared at him blankly for a moment, then his eyes narrowed as more shouting erupted from the common room. "What in Merlin's name is--"

"Just checking up on you lot, making sure you're still here." James said hurriedly. "And look at that, you are! I'll just be heading back--"

"I don't think so." Mulciber shoved him up the stairs toward the common room, following close behind him, leaving Sirius to finish the last few meters to the seventh years' dormitory alone.










Chapter 11: Musical Chairs, Part II
    




Chapter Text

The door for 

Seventh Year Boys

 was ajar when Sirius reached it, and he pressed himself flat against the wall next to it in case another Slytherin came barreling through. He inched closer, hearing voices, and peeked around the corner. The beds were empty as far as he could see, save for one where Mariah and Kurt were sitting up under the sheets, staring right at him. He shook off the awkwardness, with a shudder.

“I’ll be right back,” Kurt was saying, extricating himself from his sheets, but Sirius saw Mariah quickly pull him back.

“No, don’t go,” she said. “I mean…let’s take advantage of this.”

“Of what?” asked Kurt. Mariah gestured at all of the empty beds. Sirius rolled his eyes. Of course. He saw Kurt grin as he moved in to kiss her. 

For a few awkward seconds, they made out on the bed in front of him while he stared in disgust. Then he saw Mariah's arm periodically waving around the air beside the bed, and he crept forward and touched her hand. Her eye opened for a split second glancing to where he stood, invisible. 

"On second thought, you should probably go," she said quickly, pushing Kurt off of her. Kurt gave her a look.

"Um...okay then." Kurt eased himself off of Mariah and got out of bed, heading for the door. Sirius was relieved to see that he was wearing pants. They waited until the door had closed behind him, then Mariah pointed at a bed in the corner.

"That one's Rosier's. I checked his trunk while Kurt was going to the bathroom, but it could be underneath." 

Sirius crouched down and bent his head to the ground to look under Rosier's bed. There were a lot of magazines, but no books in sight.

"Nothing," he said, struggling to get back to his feet with the cloak on. He stepped on it and it slid off as he stood. "Dammit--PANTS, JAEGER!"

"Wha--Sirius!" Mariah grabbed the sheet off the bed and wrapped it around her as she stood. "It was 

you

!? I thought it was 

James

! Or Remus or someone!" 

"Why would that be any better!?" exclaimed Sirius. "Why aren't you wearing pants!?" 

"You told me to distract him!" 

"Not like 

that

!"

"Well, I was afraid you might get caught!"

"We 

are

 getting caught!"

They both heard footsteps outside, and Sirius quickly dove under Kurt's bed, wrenching the Invisibility Cloak back on just as the door opened. 

Kurt’s books from what looked like his entire school career were strewn in haphazard stacks beneath the bedframe, piling almost to the mattress. Sirius wriggled further in to make room for himself, watching Kurt's feet approach the bed.

"They've got Potter and Lupin upstairs. Any idea why your friends were trying to break into our dormitories?" he asked sharply.

"I don't know, could it have to do with Alice Prewett, Frank Longbottom, and the six Muggle-borns lying unconscious in the Hospital Wing right now?" asked Mariah.

"True," said Kurt, and Sirius felt an urge to punch him. Rolling his eyes, he saw a familiar book spine out of the corner of his eye.

"Can you please tell your squad to go easy on them?" asked Mariah. "Please, Kurt, they're my friends."

"I'll see what I can do," said Kurt. "But first, let's see what you can do." 

"Oh--" 

The bedsprings dipped and Sirius bit back a curse as they smacked him in the head. He was trying to clear off the pile of heavy books stacked on top of 

Hellion Hexes

 as quietly as he could. A particularly heavy history book about the Goblin Wars slipped his grip, but a moan from Kurt masked the noise. Sirius gagged and took another book from the stack. The mattress hit him again. He closed his eyes and took a deep breath, then shoved another few books out of the way. He grabbed 

Hellion Hexes

 and shoved it into his robes, shimmying out from under the bed. He put a hand by his face as he emerged so he wouldn't see whatever was happening in the bed, and walked quickly to the door. 

Just as he reached it, the door swung wide open, catching him full on in the face and sending him staggering backwards. 

"Lovell, get up here!" said Avery. 

"I'm busy!" said Kurt without moving.

"Whatever, mate, you're going to mess Sev giving those punks what they deserve."

"Fine."

"Kurt," said Mariah expectantly. Kurt made a disgruntled sound and threw back the sheets. Sirius was relieved to see that he was still wearing pants. Kurt followed Avery out of the room, swinging the door shut behind him. Sirius wrenched the cloak off as Mariah pulled a shirt on.

"YOU ARE THE WORST PERSON! THE 

WORST PERSON!

 WHAT WAS 

THAT

!?" he hissed as loudly as he could without screaming.

"WHAT ELSE WAS I SUPPOSED TO DO!?" 

"CAN'T YOU KEEP YOUR CLOTHES ON FOR TWO MINUTES!?"

"YOU'RE ONE TO TALK!"

"WHA-- I-- THAT'S NOT THE POINT, WE NEED TO GET OUT OF HERE!"

"You found it?" Mariah looked completely surprised. Sirius pulled it out of his robes and held it up.

"Uh, yeah!" he said pointedly. Mariah got out of bed and Sirius closed his eyes. "GOD--

PANTS

, JAEGER!"

"Oh--" 

Sirius didn't open his eyes until he felt the book leave his hand. Mariah was looking at it. 

"Was under his bed," said Sirius.

"I didn't think..."

Footsteps and voices were nearing. Sirius threw the cloak back on and tried to take the book.

"Give it here!"

"No," said Mariah.

"What are you doing?" hissed Sirius. The door opened and Kurt walked in.

"Severus is pretty manic right now, I don't think I can talk him down."

"What is this?" asked Mariah coolly, holding up 

Hellion Hexes

. "Last I saw it was in my room. You know, right before it was broken into."

"That wasn't my fault!" said Kurt, his voice rising. "I was nowhere near it, I only heard--"

"So you're saying the Slytherins 

did

 break into my room. Did you laugh about it with them later so they wouldn't ostracize you?" asked Mariah.

"You know why I have that book? Because the others were getting restless. They were about to use it to..." He stopped.

"Use it to what?" asked Mariah. Kurt shrugged. 

"I mean...you know boys and their porn." He tried to grin, but gave up at the look on Mariah's face. "Oh shut up, you know why."

"No, explain it to me."

"Ughhhh, look, I can't tell you. All I can tell you is that I took charge of it. I told them I'd keep it safe. It's in my hands now, you have nothing to worry about."

"I was attacked over break, Kurt, my friends were attacked, my father is MISSING-- I'd say I have everything to worry about!" snapped Mariah. "Now what 

is

 this!?" 

"When I say I can't tell you why, I am not being evasive. I am under a lot of stress right now, Mariah, stress I can't even begin to impress upon you. I am being watched by 

everyone

. We all are. I promised you I would do everything I could to help your father, and I will, but I am stretching myself thin as it is protecting you."

They stood apart in silence. More shouting echoed down the hall and Kurt glanced back over his shoulder at the door. 

"Look, there's not a lot I can do, Mariah. But if it helps, keep that book," he said. "Take it back, I'll tell them it got stolen." Kurt's name was called and he walked toward the door. "You'll probably want to get out of here. Looks like it's gonna get rough." He paused. "I'd like it if you stayed, but I'd understand if you didn't."

"I'll see you later," said Mariah slowly. Kurt left the room. She sighed and crossed her arms over the book.

Sirius suddenly appeared out of nowhere and she rolled her eyes.

"Jesus, Sirius, why aren't you gone yet?"

"Whatever, hang onto the book. I'm going to get you out of here past all the ruckus," he said, draping the invisibility cloak over her and tugging her out the door into the hall.










Chapter 12: Musical Chairs, Part III
    




Chapter Text

Meanwhile, Geoff was standing in the hallway just outside the Slytherin common room and had slowly begun to make his way back upstairs toward Gryffindor tower, formulating the story he would tell if he were intercepted by Filch. He had just made it up to the entrance hall when he heard footsteps approaching. Preparing himself for Filch, he was pleasantly surprised -- even relieved -- when he saw Emilie descending the marble staircase, toting a heavy bag full of textbooks, parchment, and quills.

"Geoff?" She faltered for a moment at the foot of the staircase before crossing the room to close the distance between them, taking one of his hands in hers and rising on her toes to kiss him swiftly on the cheek. "What are you doing down here? I thought there was a big wizard chess tournament in Gryffindor Tower tonight?"

"I wanted to surprise you," he said. "Thought we could take a walk, or--"

"Actually, there's something..." She trailed off, biting her lower lip and adjusting her grip on the bag slung over her shoulder. "There's something I wanted to talk to you about," she said. "But not here. Come on." She squeezed his hand a little more tightly and led him back the way he had come, steadily descending deeper into the dungeons and back toward the wall panel that concealed the Slytherin common room.

A pit fell in Geoff's stomach as the wall panel slid open and the sounds of angry shouting drifted out into the dungeon corridor.

"What in Merlin's name...?"

Geoff felt his pace inadvertently slow as Emilie continued onward, tugging at his hand as she pulled him forward down the short hallway to the common room. Emerging into the common room proper, Geoff did his best to avoid eye contact with James and Remus, instead focusing on a nearby lampshade that was a vibrant shade of mint green as Emilie let her bag fall to the floor. James and Remus were disarmed and being held at wandpoint by Avery and Mulciber on one of the elegant chaises strewn about the common room while Snape stooped in front of them, his yellow teeth bared as his own wand came dangerously close to poking James in the eye. Kurt stood to one side, arms folded across his chest, a pair of wands that presumably belonged to James and Remus clutched in one of his fists.

"I am going to ask you," Snape hissed, "one more time -- where is Black?"

"Sev?" Emilie placed a hand on the Slytherin boy's shoulder, and he whirled around sharply, nearly knocking a precariously stacked pile of books from a nearby table. "Sev, what's -- what's going on?"

"

These

 two were snooping around in here," Snape answered, gesturing back at the Gryffindors on the couch. "And 

that

 one--" he thrust his wand at Geoff, who was busying himself with examining the mint lampshade's chartreuse tassels "--was in here, claiming he was looking for you. They're all up to something. Black is lurking around here somewhere, I'm sure of it. Rosier's working on hunting him down." Snape turned back to James and Remus, this time turning his wand to the werewolf. "

Where is Black

?"

"Oy! Snape! Think I've found something!"

Snape's curtain of greasy hair whipped around to see Rosier triumphantly waving a flea collar in the air from behind a couch. 

"What d'you think? Why would that mangy blood-traitor carry one of--"

Seemingly from thin air, Sirius launched himself at Rosier with a roar, wand forgotten, wrestling the Slytherin boy to the ground in an attempt to wrench the flea collar from his hand, blindly throwing punches left and right. Avery and Mulciber abandoned their positions beside James and Remus to help pull Sirius off their fellow Slytherin.

Geoffrey was just admiring the emerald rhinestones attached the lampshade when Emilie grabbed his arm roughly, yanking him around to face her. "What's going on?" she demanded. "Why are they all here? Tell me you aren't involved."

He opened his mouth to answer, but another shout rang out across the common room, and the two of them looked to see Snape on the floor, clutching at a bloody nose, James and Remus springing from the chaise and leaping toward Kurt to reclaim their wands. Rosier threw Sirius off of him, springing to his feet and whipping out his own wand, firing spell after spell in any and every direction, transfiguring lamps and shattering vases, sending books and chess boards and rolls of parchment flying through the air. A pot of ink hit Geoff in the side of the face, and an instant later his wand was out, flinging jinxes toward the Slytherins, Emilie following close behind him into the fray.

The commotion drew the attention of other Slytherins, and more and more faces appeared in the corridors leading to the dormitories as younger students got out of bed to investigate the source of the ruckus. The pandemonium in the common room was enough to send most of the first and second-years ducking back into their rooms for cover, while some of the bolder students, eager to prove themselves to their older classmates, took a few cautious steps into the common room, shooting a handful of half-hearted jinxes, most of which hit their fellow Slytherins rather than the Gryffindor intruders. As a third-year girl went down with a jelly-legs jinx, her friend beside her crept around the perimeter of the room and slipped out of the common room and into the corridor.

Sirius had reclaimed his flea collar from Rosier and was waving it triumphantly above his head, laughing maniacally as he pinned Rosier to the floor with one knee. James was bellowing for the Marauders to regroup and get out while they could, attempting to yank his wand arm out of Mulciber's grip while Avery advanced toward Geoff, wand raised.

Geoff raised his own wand, deflecting jinx after jinx, but Avery's spells were coming faster and stronger. A flash of red light, and Geoff found himself disarmed, his wand flying neatly into Avery's hand. "Emilie--"

An instant later, Avery was on Geoff, bowling him to the ground, hands at his throat. "Yeah, 

Em

," Avery said, "why don't you come save dear Geoffrey?"

Emilie hesitated for only a fraction of a second, but the uncertainty was plain on her face. An instant later, Sirius had barreled sidelong into Avery, knocking him off Geoff and sending the Gryffindor's wand skittering across the floor. Geoff rolled onto his side, coughing as he struggled to regain his breath, Emilie diving for his wand, which had rolled under a nearby sofa. Groping under the furniture, the fingers of her left hand closed around the wand. She pulled it out from under the couch and extended her arm to hand it to its owner. As Geoff took it, his eyes slid from the wand in her hand to the thin black lines gracing her forearm, and he felt his heart leap up into his throat.

"Emilie, what is that?"

"Geoff, I--"

"STOP! SLUGHORN IS COMING!"

Everyone looked around to see where the shout had come from. Then everyone looked at each other.

"You're dead!" hissed Avery. He snarled in anger and pain as Sirius hauled him to his feet and pressed the tip of his wand into his spine. 

"Not a chance. McGonagall said any more fights and we're all out of here. If we go, so do you!" Sirius looked around. "What are you waiting for? Act natural!"

James hauled Snape to his feet and held him at wandtip like Sirius while Remus set about counterjinxing the third year girl whose legs were still jelly. Rosier leapt to his feet, brandishing his wand.

"I don't care what McGonagall says--!"

"

Rosier!

 Don't, he's right," said Kurt sharply, getting to his feet as he pinched a heavily bleeding nose. Rosier whirled around.

"But--"

"Everybody act like nothing's happening, or it's all of us out of here. And we 

don't want that, do we?

" Kurt raised an eyebrow at Rosier, who looked about to shit himself with rage. 

"But...Kurt..." He failed against the look Kurt was fixing him with and sat down in the nearest viridian armchair furiously, his nails digging into the fabric. Mulciber took the chair next to him, no less angry. Kurt lowered himself onto the pea-green couch, still pinching his streaming nose. He grabbed a nearby book and held it up to his face to hide the injury, glancing at Sirius, who still held Avery at wandpoint.

"Might want to ease up a bit there, Black."

"Shut the fuck up, Lovell."

Emilie helped Geoff to his feet, avoiding his eyes. Geoff opened his mouth to speak, but at that moment they heard the wall open at the entrance, and a very exhausted Professor Slughorn entered the room wearing a jade dressing gown that strongly resembled the curtains in his office and a very exasperated expression.

"Come, come, now, it's almost midnight, ladies and gentlemen, what's all the commotion about? I've got alarms going off for almost the entire Slytherin dormitory! Shouldn't you all be in bed? And what are you doing here, you're not in my house, are you, boys?"He looked at Geoff and the Marauders as though he wasn't quite sure if he was dreaming their presence. 

"We...have significant others," said Remus, looking at Geoff. He held the Jelly-legged girl a bit closer. Slughorn looked from Remus to Geoff, and then to James and Sirius. James hid his wand behind his back and put an arm around Snape's stiff, cold shoulders while Sirius tugged Avery a bit closer to him by the waist, his wand still at his back. Slughorn blinked.

"Oh. I...well I suppose that...I mean, I realize that times have changed, and there's all this 'free love' balderdash, but...well...it would probably be best if all of you went on back to your common rooms, tonight. It's a school night. Yes, I'll let Mr. Filch know you have my permission, just...keep it down next time, won't you?"

He turned, still shaking his head and muttering to himself as he left the common room. A moment passed in his absence, and then Sirius and James violently jerked away from their quickly-chosen partners and walked towards the exit looking visibly shaken and ashamed of themselves. They turned at the door. 

"This never happened," said James.

"Agreed," choked Avery, looking visibly sick.

Remus nodded to the 3rd year, a bit pink in the face, and followed the others out. Emilie made a move to speak to Geoff, but he turned and followed everyone else to head back to Gryffindor Tower. 

* * *

Mariah made it back to the dormitory without seeing any sign of Filch. She took off the invisibility cloak, briefly wondering where Sirius had gotten it before turning her attentions to the well-worn book in her hands. She was still going over the previous events of the night. It was supposed to be Rosier. Rosier was going to have the book, not Kurt. He'd said he took it to keep everyone else from causing destruction, but how could he say that with eight people lying in the Hospital Wing? Was he lying to her? What if he did was really...

He was so different lately, thought Mariah. What had happened to him over Christmas? She thought back to before, when he had been so romantic. Now he was distant, duplicitous, and she could never seem to hold his eyes. She frowned. What had his father said to him? He had been so rebellious against his family and now he seemed to be perfectly poised to join them. What could possibly have happened to change his mind and make him choose a side? Did he even want to be in a relationship with her anymore, or was he just trying to maintain his relationship with her for...recreation?

Sighing, Mariah opened 

Hellion Hexes

, and started flipping through to the centerfold. 

But something was different.

The girls on each page were not lewdly posing and showing off their assets as they had been the last time she'd seen it. She flipped past Valentina, who was cowering by the page number, and Tabitha, fifteen pages before her own glittering name was flashing across the top. All of them were misplaced, it seemed, crowded together at either cover. And all of them were terrified. 

Mariah flipped the pages quicker, trying to find the foldout. And then she did.

The page not only contained as much flesh as any other, it was also nearly soaked in blood. The page was full of bodies- lifeless, gruesome bodies, some rent apart and some with faces frozen in sickening screams, all nearly stacked upon each other, all unmoving. Then, as she watched, the picture began to change. The bodies transformed into people she knew. She saw Geoff, Lily, and herself, along with a hundred other faces. Some she recognized from the 

Daily Prophet

, some she had seen at other wizarding events, some were other students at Hogwarts, and some had been in school only just in the past few years. A large, bloodspattered banner bled slowly into the page, covering a few of the bodies and spreading its way down towards where she had the foldout spread between her fingers. Two giant, haunting words. 


Memento Mori

. 

Remember, you must die. 










Chapter 13: Plan of Action, Man of Action
    




Chapter Text

As promised, no word of the mishap in the Slytherin common room had permeated the thick stone wall that closed it off from the rest of the castle. None of the Slytherins wanted to admit that they'd been duped, while none of the Gryffindors wanted to admit that they had failed, and Avery had quickly asked out the 3rd year girl caught in the crossfire in order to compensate for any doubts cast upon his character in the event. 

Mariah had gone straight to Dumbledore the morning after her discovery and handed over 

Hellion Hexes

. The headmaster had thanked her, taken a few days to consider, and called an official meeting of the Order the following week in his office. With the exception of the students still recovering in the Hospital Wing, the rest of the new initiates of the Order were in full attendance. Geoff and Mariah stood among the other recruits: the Boneses, Marlene McKinnon, and Benjy Fenwick. The Marauders were there as well, standing cross-armed in the back. 

"It has been brought to my attention," started Dumbledore, "that this book has been being used to identify Muggle-borns and other possible targets of Voldemort's forces within Hogwarts. This book has changed hands many times, it seems, and most recently has been altered to threaten its readers rather than to inform."


Hellion Hexes

 lay open on his desk, centerfold extended, still flashing its morbid images, upside down to the audience in the room, but fully visible to the concerned headmaster. 

"After some careful consideration, and in light of the recent attacks on several students within Hogwarts, I think it's time we called this organization to order officially," he said, his voice sharper than before. A few people looked up from the book on the desk. Dumbledore seemed full of an energy they had not seen before. "This means no more independent, disorganized missions within the castle without my permission." He threw a knowing glance at the Marauders, who shifted guiltily.

"Voldemort's forces are on the move, and I believe at this stage the best weapon we can hope for is information. That's why I've decided to organize reconnaissance teams for the time being. Voldemort so far has been working in absolute secrecy, and as you all know, supporters are not quick to identify themselves. However, there are few names we can be rightly suspicious of, and it is these names we will be watching.

"I've organized you all into pairs," Dumbledore unrolled a small roll of parchment. "Marlene McKinnon and Anthony Bones. You will be watching the Delacroix household. Ambrosia Bones and Benjamin Fenwick, you will be watching the Avery household. Geoffrey Mansfield and Sirius Black, you will be watching the Lestrange household. Mariah Jaeger and James Potter, you will be watching the Rosier household. Remus Lupin and Peter Pettigrew, you will be watching the Lovell household. None of you will consult with each other on your findings outside of this room, and none of you will initiate contact with anyone you are tracking. Do not attempt to engage with anyone you may come into contact with on these reconnaissance missions. I urge all of you to err on the side of caution; if you find yourselves in danger, you are to 

get out immediately

, is that clear?"

Everyone in the room muttered in the affirmative. Mariah glanced at Remus, who was looking at her. It had not escaped her that Dumbledore had kept her off of Kurt's case, not to mention away from Remus and Sirius both in the pairing. She did not know how to feel about that. Geoff had been placed with Sirius, after all. That was almost inviting an argument.

"I will be in touch about your missions individually in the near future. Until then, you are dismissed," said Dumbledore. Everyone headed toward the door, but Dumbledore added, "Mr. Mansfield and Miss Jaeger, a moment, if you please? And Mr. Potter, Mr. Black, if you could wait just outside?" 

Geoff and Mariah hung back as the others filed out. Mariah noticed Sirius's eyes on her as he passed, but she averted her gaze. Dumbledore approached them as soon as the last of the students had left. 

"It has been brought to my attention that the two of you are rather close with certain students whose families are under scrutiny by the Order. Is this the case?" 

"Yes," said Mariah slowly. Geoff shifted his weight and folded his arms across his chest, but remained silent. Dumbledore did not press him.

"Firstly, I would simply ask that the two of you report anything suspicious you find to me. As members of the Order, especially those who have already lost family to Voldemort's terror, I would expect nothing less from you. We need to know all we can, for the protection of our loved ones. I would discourage anyone from expecting any mercy from the Death Eaters, but if you are expecting some kind of exception for yourself, I assure you, they will show you none."

Mariah and Geoff nodded, Mariah's eyes lingering on the centerfold of the still-open 

Hellion Hexes

 on Dumbledore's desk, the numerous corpses clearly visible from this angle, along with the grim reminder - 

memento mori.

 Her eyes flicked back up to Dumbledore as he cleared his throat slightly, drawing a short roll of parchment from his desk and flattening it to examine it through his half-moon spectacles.

"My second reason for asking the two of you to wait behind," he went on, "is that I have received certain intelligence that your assignments -- the Rosiers and Lestranges -- may be planning to act more quickly than we had initially anticipated. As such, I believe it would be best for your first reconnaissance mission to take place as soon as possible -- tonight." He gave them a brief run-down of their missions, instructions, and what exactly they were looking for, and after stressing his warnings of utmost caution once more, sent them on their way.

Mariah felt a growing knot in her stomach as she followed Geoff out of Dumbledore's office. Sirius and James were waiting at the bottom of the staircase just in front of the gargoyle. James's eyebrows were raised expectantly, but Sirius's expression was flat.

"What is it?" Mariah asked.

"Did you tell him where the book came from?" asked Sirius. Mariah sighed.

"Sirius... I don't know what to think right now--"

"Well, Mariah, this is the time to make your mind up. We're in the Order now. Your little schoolgirl crush doesn't matter if your boyfriend is murdering scores of people, possibly 

including

 your dad, if I have to remind you."

"I... I know..." she said. She tried to find more words, but it was hard to find them in the tension filling her brain. Sirius uncrossed his arms, pointing one finger at her.

"Look, either you tell Dumbledore where that book came from, or I will," he said. Still scowling, he turned to Geoff. "What did Dumbledore want?"

"First mission assignment," Geoff answered. "Tonight."

The news seemed to brighten Sirius's mood considerably, and the boys were walking down the hallway a moment later, Sirius listening enthusiastically as Geoff outlined the details in low tones.

James watched them go for a moment before turning back to Mariah. "Guessing that means there's a mission for us as well?"

Mariah nodded, but didn't elaborate, still hurt by Sirius.

"Listen -- there's a passageway on the fourth floor behind that big mirror. You know, the ugly one with the silver frame? Wait for me there. I'm going to go get the cloak from Gryffindor Tower."

* * *

"You lost the book, Lovell. The Dark Lord won't like that one bit will he? Think he'll take it out on you personally, or get one of his old boys to issue the punishment?" 

"Shut the fuck up, Rosier. The Dark Lord will do as he pleases and it's not up to us to speculate, you should know that by now," replied Kurt, rolling his eyes. "Besides, I charmed the book the last time we got it back after...who was it? Oh yes, after 

Avery

 lost it. And who got it back? Oh right, 

I

 did. What have you done lately to help the cause, Rosier?" 

"That's not fair, Kurt," huffed Rosier. "I haven't been given any assignments to screw up."

"That's ri-ight," said Kurt in a singsong voice, smirking. "So I wouldn't be so smug if I were you, Rosier. It's only too obvious what the Dark Lord thinks of you." 

Rosier screwed up his face in anger, but had nothing more to say. Kurt sat back on his bed, surveying the rest of the Slytherins before him. They had gathered in the seventh year dormitory- Rosier, Mulciber, Avery, Snape, Emilie, and himself. 

"Now," said Kurt," because the Gryffindors stole the book, and because it was full of murderous imagery, there's no doubt they've turned it in to Dumbledore himself. While I figure out a new method of communicating with the outside, I suggest a watch on Dumbledore's movements. This will be difficult as not one of you is particularly 

subtle

." His eyes rested on Rosier with the last word, but he moved on. "Wouldn't hurt to keep an eye on Potter, Black, and his boys either."

"What about those mudblood girls, huh?" asked Mulciber.

"Evans will be with Potter, that's a given," said Kurt. "And you leave Mariah to me." 

"How do you know she won't break up with you now that she knows you had the book?" asked Snape softly. 

"Because I am the only one who can get her father back to her, and I'm sure that's much more important than a book that never did any harm...by itself," said Kurt. "In any case, we all need to lay low. No more harassing the Gryffindors. We don't need Dumbledore getting anymore suspicious than he already is. Keep one eye on Potter and his crew and one eye on Dumbledore, that is your assignment. Is that clear?" 

Rosier grunted, leaving the room in a huff. Mulciber and Avery followed. Kurt looked at Emilie, who hadn't moved.

"Don't blow it with Mansfield."

"I may have already blown it with Mansfield," said Emilie dryly.

"Then make yourself useful elsewhere," said Kurt, raising an eyebrow. "Dumbledore's office would be a good start, if you've got nothing better to do."

He watched as she left the room.

"That was easy," said Snape.

"I don't think I've ever heard her go quietly," said Kurt. 

"It's because Mansfield saw her mark," said Snape. Kurt sighed, lying back on his pillow and putting his hands over his eyes. 

"Always a technicality," he groaned. "Think we've lost that insider view?"

"Not unless he only thinks he saw the mark," said Snape. "And who knows what, or more likely if, Mansfield 

thinks

."

"Right." Kurt was thinking. "I suppose we're running out of options now that everything's coming to a close?" 

"Getting sentimental, are we?" 

"Hardly," grinned Kurt. "I'm eager to start the real fight."

"Where are you off to?" asked Snape as Kurt headed for the passage out of the common room.

"Thought I'd get a jump start on my insurance policy," said Kurt as the wall closed behind him.










Chapter 14: Reconnaissance
    




Chapter Text

Emilie didn't fancy taking orders from Kurt, but there was nothing else for it. She had done little to ingratiate herself with Rosier and his cronies since the incident in the common room, spending the first part of the week trailing after Geoff, trying to coerce him into speaking to her, but to no avail; the Gryffindor had remained firmly oblivious to any and all of her attempts to communicate. After the fifth full day of total rejection, she had effected a new strategy, turning an equally cold shoulder to him -- or would have, had he made any attempt to initiate contact, which he didn't.

Rounding the corner toward Dumbledore's office, Emilie jumped back behind the wall at the sight of Sirius, James, Mariah, and Geoff standing in the corridor, speaking in hushed tones. She had not expected to really gain anything from lurking outside the headmaster's office, and instead had found a potential goldmine. Before she could begin to question what their powwow could be about, Sirius and Geoff took off down one corridor, James and Mariah stalling for a few more moments before heading off another direction. After a quick mental calculation, the Slytherin decided Mariah and James were the safer bet, and set off after her, careful to stay just out of sight.

The Gryffindors' pace was brisk as they traveled through the castle, and Emilie nearly lost them down several hidden passageways, but Mariah and James finally stopped at a dead-end fourth floor corridor in front of an oversized mirror, the frame of which had been carved to resemble what Emilie supposed was meant to be something akin to a burly troll with a severe underbite. Emilie watched for what seemed like an eternity as the pair ahead of her stared at the mirror and then began examining the frame, pulling out their wands and tapping it in a few places, then beginning to tap on the stone wall around the mirror. Mariah replaced the wand within her robes and returned to the mirror and grabbed James's sleeve, examining the frame closely again before reaching out and moving some part of it that Emilie couldn't see from her hiding place. The effect of whatever it was Mariah had done was immediate and evident -- the surface of the mirror shimmered and became translucent long enough for James and Mariah to step through, before representing itself as a mirror once more.

Emilie allowed them a thirty second head-start down the hidden passage before making her own way toward the mirror. She examined the spot that Mariah had touched and saw a plaque (which informed her that the mirror was, indeed, fashioned after a troll named Bluebell), above which was a small round lever. She flipped it, the mirror shimmered, and she stepped through. The mirror sealed behind her, and the passage was engulfed in darkness.

Emilie drew her wand but didn't dare light it, inching forward slowly down the passageway in pursuit of the pair of Gryffindors. Fortunately, the floor of the passageway was smooth, and before long, Emilie saw the light of their wands casting vague shadows on the walls of the passageway. The Slytherin girl continued forward, careful to keep her footfalls light on the stone floor. She could feel her heart pounding in her chest; the Gryffindors were clearly up to something -- likely on Dumbledore's orders, if their meeting place outside his office was anything to go by -- and they had a secret passageway to get them to wherever it was they were going. The passage widened into a large, cavernous room; torches along the walls sprang to life as she entered, and for a moment Emilie stopped dead in her tracks, wand poised at the ready, waiting to see if either of them would backtrack. But the Gryffindors did not reappear, and Emilie continued onward, pulse pounding loudly in her ears as she anticipated an attack, but none came.

The torches somewhere behind her extinguished themselves, and she once again found herself in total darkness; the wand light that had danced ahead of her previously was nowhere to be seen. For an instant, she thought she'd lost the Gryffindors, and she quickened her pace slightly, but when she rounded the next corner in the tunnel, a jet of red light sailed over her head and crashed into the tunnel wall. Within seconds, Emilie had sent a jet of light shooting from the tip of her own wand in retaliation. The Gryffindors each leapt to one side, and the Slytherin girl's curse hit the tunnel wall between them.

James raised his wand to fire another spell at Emilie, but with an earsplitting 

crack

, the tunnel wall split in two, and the ceiling began to collapse.

* * *

The two teenagers stood on the street corner, cloaks pulled tightly around them as the chilly January wind tugged at the hems of their robes. Their breath rose in a misty vapor before them, mingling with the thin trails of smoke rising from the ends of their lit cigarettes.

"This is shit," Sirius said, dropping the butt of his most recent cigarette onto the pavement and grinding it out with his heel. "I thought Dumbledore had a mission for us, not just standing around."

"Someone's got to do it," Geoff answered, taking a drag on his own cigarette as he glanced down the street at their target. The Lestranges' house was dark except for a light on the second floor, and since they'd been standing on the street corner, working their way through a pack of Muggle smokes (to really fit the bill for a good stake-out, according to Sirius), no one had come or gone from the house, and barely half a dozen people had passed by down the street.

"So get a bloody third-year to do it." Sirius thrust out his hand for another smoke. Geoff obliged. "We're basically done with school. Let us do some 

real

 work. I mean, we're practically Aurors, y'know? And what really hacks me off," he added, lighting his fresh cigarette with the tip of his wand, "is that the fucking Lestranges are out there doing fuck only knows what, while we're stuck with Dumbledore sending us doing shit like this when we could be out there stopping them."

"We can't stop them if we don't know what they're doing," he said. "That's why Dumbledore sent us here."

"I still say it's bullshit," Sirius grumbled, watching a passing witch as she stopped to pick a flower from the bushes near the Lestranges' front gate, but turned his gaze elsewhere as she continued walking.

"

I

 still say Dumbledore knows what he's doing. Besides," Geoff added, pausing to knock the ash from the end of his cigarette before taking another drag on it, "surveillance out here is better than another debacle like the Slytherin common room."

Sirius groaned loudly. "I thought we'd all agreed not to talk about that."

"I think we 

should

 be talking about it! I mean we finally have undeniable proof that Em--" Geoff broke off abruptly as another pedestrian appeared at the street corner, consulting a roll of parchment as he passed by the row of houses, apparently looking for an address. The man passed by the Lestranges' without pausing longer than it took to read the number on the letterbox. "

I saw her Dark Mark, Sirius

," Geoff hissed, smoke streaming out from between his lips. "I'd think you of all people would want to talk about--"

"I practically had a threesome with Mariah and Lovell in the Slytherin dorms," Sirius cut in. "Not exactly something I want to re-live."

"Come 

on

, I know you're dying to say 'I told you so,' so go ahead and say it. You were right all along, Emilie's a Death Eater, and..." Geoff trailed off as Sirius raised a hand to silence him. The dark-haired Gryffindor was suddenly rigid, staring at the latest figure that had appeared on the corner of the street. "What? He's not one of the Lestranges. Probably just a neighbor."

"Shut up, Mansfield. Act casual." Silence passed between them as they watched the tall, dark-haired man slowly make his way down the row of houses. Geoff hesitantly raised his cigarette to his lips and shot a sideways glance at Sirius, who was acting anything but casual, still rigidly staring at the man. The man didn't seem interested in two teenagers smoking on the corner, though, his slow strides becoming more purposeful as he neared his destination, finally stopping at the Lestranges' gate, unlatching it with a wave of his hand, and making his way toward the door.

The door shut behind the man, and the two teenagers continued to stand, staring at the doorway as though waiting for him to re-emerge.

"Bloody hell," Sirius breathed after several moments. "I've sat through enough of Mum's dinner parties to recognize that guy anywhere. It's Lovell."

Geoff snorted. "I've sat through enough classes to know you're full of shit. That wasn't Kurt."

"

Aldrik

 Lovell. Lovell, 

Senior

 -- Kurt's dad," Sirius said, exasperated. He glanced sideways at Geoff and saw the ginger's eyebrows raised. "I'd say reconnaissance just got a lot more interesting."

Before Geoff could open his mouth to protest, Sirius was half-dragging him down the street toward the Lestrange home.

* * *

Mariah coughed as the dust settled and the last few pebbles toppled to the floor. She felt around for her wand, but couldn't find it in the dark. She could hear shuffling about 15 feet back the way they'd come, but she couldn't hear anyone nearer.

"James! James where are you!"

"I'm ok!" she heard a muffled voice answer from the other side of the rock wall that had formed beside her. "Just lost my wand-- ah there it is. 

Lumos

!"

"I can't find my wand!" Mariah shouted. 

"Fuck..." groaned the assailant from somewhere nearby.

"Emilie?" asked Mariah

"Yeah. No need to shout."

"Why were you following us?"

A brief pause. "I'd never seen this passage before, and wanted to see where it went?" answered Emilie unconvincingly.

"Who are you talking to?" shouted James from behind the wall.

"It's Emilie Delacroix, she followed us!" Mariah shouted back. She heard James cursing but couldn't make out his exact words. One sounded an awful lot like "punt," though.

"Is she armed?" he called finally.

"Wouldn't you like to know," Emilie grumbled somewhere in the darkness.

"Unarmed!" Mariah called through the rock.

"Look, okay, Mariah, are you okay waiting here until I get back? We've only got a few hours..."

"Yeah, go on ahead. I'll see if I can move some of this rock and find my wand," said Mariah.

"Alright. Don't worry, I'll get you both out when I get back," said James. 

"Good luck!" shouted Mariah, but James didn't answer. He'd already gone.

"Would you quit with the shouting?" Emilie asked. Her voice had moved to what Mariah could only assume was the other end of the cave-in, presumably in search of her wand. "My head is killing me. Where were you two going anyway?"

"None of your business," said Mariah, sighing.

"Worth a shot," she heard Emilie sigh as well.

They sat in the dark for a minute or so, the silence between them unbroken. As Mariah felt her way along the rocks blocking the way they'd come in search of loose stones, she noticed with some gratitude that the rock walls were fairly dry and in no way slimy.

"I can't find my wand," said Emilie. "We need some light if we're going to get out of here."

Mariah felt the Slytherin girl's hands brush over her feet as she moved closer to try to shove the rocks aside. "This wall is pretty solid, I don't know if we can dig ourselves out," she said doubtfully.

"Check the other side," Emilie said. Mariah turned and took a step but Emilie cried out, "Ahhh my hand!"

"Oh, sorry," said Mariah, stepping off and continuing to feel her way toward the other wall. Her foot connected with a stray pebble, and it skittered away across the floor, clacking loudly against the stone.

"Would you be careful? We don't want to snap one of our wands on accident trying to dig ourselves out." 

Mariah stopped walking, shuffling her feet forward instead in big arcs, feeling for her wand. "This wall's solid, too," she said once she'd reached the other side.

"Great," sighed Emilie. Judging from the slither of fabric, the Slytherin girl had let herself slide to the ground, leaning against the rock wall. Mariah did likewise on her end of the chamber, feeling the floor around her absent-mindedly for her wand. The two girls sat in silence for several long minutes, hearing nothing but the distant echoes of echoes from either end of the tunnel.

"How much you want to bet our wands are buried under two tons of rock?" asked Emilie at length.

"Don't worry, people don't break their wands every day. I'm sure we'll find them once James gets back and we get some light in here," said Mariah. She was doubtful, but Emilie sounded glum.

"Your optimism never ceases to amaze me," Emilie said. "Your boyfriend's fighting for the other side? No problem. Your father's been kidnapped? Classes per usual. Wand crushed in a dark tunnel? Cake."

"Do you know where my father is, Emilie?" asked Mariah quietly. 

The Slytherin's answer was immediate and short. "No."

"But you have the Mark."

Emilie gave a derisive snort in the darkness. "You think the Dark Lord lets us in on every single tiny detail of his plan? Please. Have you ever heard of pawns? And anyway, it's not like Dumbledore lets you in on all the people 

he's

 keeping captive. Take your situation and flip it around, and we're in the same boat, you and me. Pawns."

"Dumbledore hasn't got anyone captive," said Mariah, frowning.

Emilie laughed humorlessly. "My point exactly." 

Mariah paused. "Emilie, can I ask you something?"

"Why not? Not like either of us is going anywhere any time soon," said Emilie from the dark.

"Is Kurt really a Death Eater?" 

"He has a Mark," said Emilie. 

"Is that a yes?" 

"That's an answer."

"Emilie, please. You know you could probably get back on Geoff's good side if you'd let us in on what the Slyth--I mean, the Death Eaters are planning. You're not a bad person, you don't have to side with them," said Mariah.

Emilie sighed. "I wouldn't expect a mudbl--" She broke off abruptly. "It's not that simple," she amended. "You wouldn't understand."

"Try me."

"Oh please like I'm going to bare my soul to Jiggery Jaeger."

"Come on, Emilie, what else are we going to talk about until James gets back, huh?" 

"We don't have to talk at all."

"Hey, you said earlier that neither of us is going anywhere any time soon."

There was a long silence from the other end of the chamber. It was long enough that Mariah began to wonder if Emilie was serious about neither of them speaking until James returned.

"Mariah," the Slytherin said at last, "I know we aren't really friends, but can I tell you something? It's... kind of a secret. I haven't told anyone."

Mariah snorted from her end of the chamber. "What, did Geoff knock you up before you two ended things?"

A very pregnant pause fell between them. Mariah waited for Emilie to respond, but the Slytherin girl remained silent. In the darkness, Mariah's eyes widened.

"Oh my God."










Chapter 15: Breaking and Entering
    




Chapter Text

"What if there's an alarm? What if Lestrange has some sort of Dumbledore-supporter-detector spell? What if--"

"Lestrange isn't the type to set up a defense mechanism, he's the type to murder house elves for spilling tea. Or boredom. I always mix up the Lestranges and the Notts that way," Sirius muttered, moving quickly along a side hallway from the grand entrance. The Lestrange mansion was oddly decorated. None of the contents of the house seemed to match the rooms they were in, let alone each other. The only thing any of the mismatched furniture or the odds and ends adorning them had in common was that they all looked very expensive, and they all looked like they didn't belong where they were.

"Did Lestrange steal all of this?" asked Geoff, but Sirius shushed him.


Lovell

, he mouthed, pointing to a door at the end of the hall. The two of them crept closer, leaning behind a glass case full of a few statues of dismembered body parts. 

"...don't know of any such thing." Aldrik Lovell was saying.

"As a buyer and seller of rare dark magical objects, surely you must have heard of it," said a deep, hoarse voice that must have belonged to Lestrange Sr. 

"Well I'm sorry to disappoint you, Brother," said Lovell. They heard the scraping of a chair as though he had stood and tensed should he come through the door, but Lestrange spoke then.

"The Dark Lord is the one who will be disappointed." Geoff and Sirius heard the chair scrape back into place.

"The Dark Lord," Lovell repeated. "I did hear a rumor, only once, through distant connections. I'll start there."

"I will relay the message," said Lestrange. "In the meantime, I've recently acquired a number of dark magical objects you may be interested in taking off my hands."

Geoff felt Sirius grab his arm and pull him down the hallway as both chairs within the room screeched against the floorboards. The two of them fled through an open door at the other end of the hall, closing the door behind them quietly. 

"I knew it, I 

knew

 it! Lovell's all over the Dark Lord's dick!" Sirius exclaimed in a very strained hiss.

"But we knew that, didn't we? Where are we, anyway?" 

"Don't spoil my moment. Lestrange's study. Quick, see if you can find anything talking about what they're looking for."

"But we didn't hear what it was, we just heard it was a dark magical object rumored to exist. That's almost nothing to go on, that could be anything," said Geoff.

"Then we start from anything and narrow our way down, quick, you check his writing desk and I'll look through these cabinets."

Sighing, Geoff walked to the writing desk and began shuffling through the papers strewn about its surface. He moved on to the drawers when that appeared to be fruitless, and started glancing over the documents within. 

"Eurgh, look at this, Mansfield."

"What?"

Geoff glanced up from the papers he was rifling through to see Sirius standing in front of a curio cabinet, delicately holding something blackened and shriveled at arm's length. The lanky ginger lowered his stack of papers and took a step forward, eying the object closely. "Is that a hand? That is 

rank

."

"Here, check it out."

Sirius turned over the hand to Geoff and resumed rummaging through the cabinet. The hand was withered and dry, and a heavy scent of excrement hung about it. Clutched in the shriveled fingers was a crudely-made candle with a handful of wax rivulets running down its length. He turned the hand over, looking at it carefully, his eyes catching sight of a raised crescent-shaped scar just above the thumb. He yelped in alarm and dropped it to the floor.

"Don't 

break

 it!" Sirius snapped turning away from the cabinet and scooping the hand up, examining it for damage. "We can't let them know we've been in here. What's the matter with you?" he added, catching sight of Geoff's colorless face.

"Sorry, it's just... I think I know whose hand that is."

* * *

"So that's why you've been hounding Geoff all week?"

"Yeah." Emilie's voice was glum. "I was going to tell him last weekend, but then... well, you know how that night ended up. Honestly, I'm a little surprised Slughorn didn't just chuck all of us out right then and there."

Mariah laughed humorlessly, and the two of them lapsed into silence again. 

They waited in the dark, occasionally reaching out to half-heartedly search for their wands. It seemed like ages had passed since James had disappeared with his promise to return with help, and there had been no sign of anyone coming to the rescue. The search for their missing wands had continued half-heartedly as Emilie had explained her situation to Mariah, but finally they had given up and sat down side by side, waiting for James to come back. 

"Were you going to tell him about...?" Mariah let her question trail off as she gently touched the Slytherin girl's forearm. She felt Emilie draw away slightly.

"I was going to tell him everything," Emilie said. "Now he won't even look at me. I should have told him ages ago about the Mark."

"Yeah, you should've."

A beat passed between them. The words had come out of Mariah's mouth more sharply than she'd intended.

"When Kurt told me about his, I was pissed," she said. "He told me he got it at your house, so I thought... I assumed you had one, too. We all did, except Geoff. He believed you when you told him Rosier attacked you because you refused to get a Mark, and he stuck up for you even when Sirius was being horrible, even though you lied to him. He really liked you, you know."

"I know," Emilie said miserably.

"After the thing in the dungeons, he spent two whole days trying to convince himself you didn't have a Mark."

"Well, joke's on him." Emilie leaned her head back against the rock wall behind them and stared upward into the inky blackness where the ceiling should have been. "I just wish he'd talk to me. Even if he never wants to see me again, he should know about -- about the baby. He's always with Sirius now, though, and they just start talking louder to each other any time they see me. If I could just get him alone for five minutes..." She trailed off.

"You didn't hear this from me," Mariah said slowly, "but Geoff's been going down to the Quidditch pitch every night right after dinner. He goes alone -- you could try to talk to him then."

"Thanks, Mariah. I'll give it a shot."

"Hello? Anybody home? Watch out!"

The two girls scrambled to their feet and stepped away from the rock as a low rumbling reverberated throughout the chamber, the wall of rock slowly beginning to crumble away, light filtering in through the cracks in the stone. The small hole of light that had appeared was immediately blocked by James Potter's grinning head.

"Hello, ladies. Miss me?"

"You're back! How did the, uh... errand go?" asked Mariah, glancing at Emilie, who was picking her wand up from where it lay by the tunnel wall. Mariah looked around, seeing her own lying just out of reach of where she had been sitting for the last few hours.

"You're never gonna believe it," said James, "Hang on, stand back!"

The rocks broke free of each other, all levitating on their own back a few feet where they lined up neatly on the sides of the tunnel, leaving a gap large enough for James Potter to step through, and just small enough for the man behind him to follow with only a little difficulty.

"Look who I found hanging around the... grocery store," said James, glancing at Emilie. Mariah didn't answer. One moment she was staring at the man who had followed James, and the next moment she was in his arms, tears running down her face.

"Dad!"

* * *

"Geoff -- Geoff -- 

Geoff, stop

!" After a mad dash out of the study and down the hallway which was, mercifully, empty, Sirius finally managed to nab the back of the other boy's robes and pull him back to a screeching halt, dragging him behind one of the Lestranges' many out of place antiques cabinets. "Have you lost your bloody mind? We can't just go tearing through the house! Lestrange and Lovell could still be here!"

"It was your bloody idea to come here in the first place!"

A door slammed somewhere in the house and footsteps crossed the floor above them. Both boys froze, eyes tracking the footsteps along the ceiling; the walker was headed toward the staircase and, inevitably, toward them. Sirius opened his mouth to direct Geoff into the nearest room, but the tall redhead was already hurrying down the hallway toward a descending staircase.

"Are you mad?" Sirius hissed, following him. "We're going to get 

trapped

 down here -- why the fuck would you run 

downstairs

--"

"You said you wanted a real mission," Geoff snapped. "That hand belonged to my dad's best friend. If his hand is in Lestrange's study, the rest of him is probably here, too. Think about it, Sirius, this is a 

rescue mission

."

Sirius frowned but didn't answer, continuing to follow Geoff into the darkness. At the bottom of the stairs, they paused for a moment to let their eyes adjust to the darkness, and continued to listen for more overhead footsteps, but no one pursued them. Once their eyes had adjusted enough that they could see vague outlines of yet more pieces of mismatched, elegant furniture, they proceeded onward into the basement, hands outstretched to feel their way through the blackness.

"I can't see a thing down here," Sirius grumbled. "

And

 it reeks down here. This is a waste of time. I'm lighting my wand..."

"No, someone'll see." Geoff frowned, but he knew Sirius was right; without a light, it would be impossible to find anything useful down here, but the risk was too great to light a wand. Still, a fully-grown hostage wouldn't be hard to miss, even in total darkness.

"The smell down here is going to make me sick."

"Your attitude is going to make 

me

 sick."

Now it was Sirius's turn to frown, but for once, he kept his mouth shut. After they'd slowly progressed their way a few meters deeper into the basement, he muttered something about the smell being stronger coming from the left, and they began picking their way in that direction around sofas and chaises and cabinets.

"Well, you know the Lestranges are Slytherins. Who else would have this much furniture?" Sirius asked, shoving a three-legged stool out of his way. "What is your 

problem

?" he added as Geoff scrambled backward several steps. "You can't back out now, it was your idea to come down-- hey, you said no wands, what-- 

oh

...."

Geoff had drawn his wand, and in the gentle glow at the tip of it, they could see a corpse hanging from the rafters, left hand severed at the wrist, swaying slightly from where Geoff had bumped into it. For a long moment, the two boys stood, transfixed, staring at the ghastly sight, the body's flesh discolored and rotting away, its teeth visible in an eery, skeletal grin.

The light at the tip of Geoff's wand faltered as he began to shake, shadows dancing on the wall behind the hanged man. "Joel," he breathed.

Sirius glanced sideways at his friend. "Geoff, don't--"

But the ginger had already turned and taken his first few steps toward the staircase, bellowing loudly. Furniture scraped loudly overhead and hurried footsteps pounded across the floor above. Without thinking, Sirius launched himself after Geoff, wrapping his arms around his friend's middle as he tackled him, Disapparating just before the two of them hit the floor. They reappeared in Hogsmeade, just outside the Hog's Head, snow swirling around them in the biting wind. Geoff was instantly on his feet, brandishing his wand at Sirius.

"What the 

fuck

, Sirius? 

What the actual fuck

?"

"What the fuck, yourself!" Sirius shouted back, scrambling to his own feet and drawing his own wand. "If we'd been caught, we would've ended up just like -- like Jim, or whatever his name was--"

"

Joel

."

"Whatever! He's already dead! Charging up the stairs howling like a fucking 

banshee

 with a wand in your hand isn't going to fix that!"

"Oh, suddenly 

you're

 Mister Rational? Huh? Suddenly 

you're

 the voice of reason?"

"I'm not the one in love with a girl who's going to be the end of me!"

And suddenly, Geoff's closed fist met Sirius's jaw, and the two of them were on the ground, each trying to land blows on the other, shouting half-obscenities, half-spells, their wands lying forgotten in the snow several feet away. Geoff's blows were wild and unchecked, Sirius easily avoiding nearly all of them as he aimed a few hits of his own. The scuffle was furious and brief, and minutes later, Geoff was lying on the snow with a busted lip, blood streaming out of his nose, Sirius perched on top of him, knee on his chest to keep him down.

"Geoff, listen to me -- no, shut up and listen."

From his place in the snow, Geoff glared sullenly up at Sirius.

"There's taking action, and there's being stupid. Going to attack Lovell and Lestrange single-handedly on their own turf is stupid. Ignoring the fact that Emilie Delacroix is a Death Eater is stupid."

"I'm not ignoring--"

"Caring about a girl whose parents were responsible for your parents' deaths is stupid. It's stupid, and I don't envy you, but I understand. I don't understand why you had to pick 

her

, but I understand that love makes you crazy. I understand why even with undeniable proof, you want to believe she's not like them. You want to believe she's one of the good guys. But the fact is, she isn't. The fact is, she's a Death Eater. And if you want to fight back and kill Death Eaters and avenge your parents, I'm right there with you, mate. But we've got to make sure we do it right."

Sirius waited for a moment, but Geoff didn't respond, continuing to glare balefully up at him. Sirius removed his knee from Geoff's chest and climbed to his feet, wincing as he put weight on his left foot. He held out a hand to help his friend to his feet, but Geoff didn't take the hand, keeping his place on the ground, ignoring the blood streaming from his nose. Sirius relinquished the hand and turned, retrieving his wand from its place in the snow before limping his way back toward the castle, leaving Geoff in the snow.










Chapter 16: Late
    




Chapter Text

"...wish I could have seen Potter's face when he realized who he'd just seen rescue Jaeger, but, sacrifices, you know?"

Severus's shoulders shook as he chuckled appreciatively. Kurt had been reliving his daring "rescue" of Mariah's father over the past few days, each time embellishing the story a hair more, painting himself -- from Mariah's point of view, anyway -- as the selfless hero, risking life and limb to free her kidnapped father from the clutches of the forces of evil.

"Ah, well, Mariah was happy, and that's what matters. Nothing quite like bringing a smile to your girl's face."

From behind her copy of the 

Daily Prophet

, Emilie gave a derisive snort and turned the page.

"Honestly, just wish there was more I could do," Kurt went on. "Really show her I just want the best for her, you know?"

"God, do you ever stop?" Emilie asked, rolling her eyes as she folded her newspaper and tossed it down onto the coffee table in front of her. She stood from her spot on the shamrock green sofa and stretched before picking up her bag and slinging it over her shoulder.

"Where are you off to?" Severus asked. "Bit early to be heading to potions."

"I've got somewhere to be," she answered sharply, brushing past the two boys.

Severus and Kurt exchanged glances, but said nothing as she crossed the common room and disappeared through the sliding wall panel out into the dungeon corridors. It had been four days since Emilie and Mariah had been trapped in the caved-in passageway, and the Slytherin girl had yet to follow up on Mariah's advice and track Geoff down at the Quidditch pitch. The February wind had been bitterly cold all week, but that hadn't stopped Geoff from heading out onto the school grounds -- Emilie had seen him passing through the entrance hall with his broomstick thrown over his shoulder every day this week, but hadn't worked up the nerve or found the words to confront him.

But today was the day.

As she emerged from the dungeon corridors and into the entrance hall, she checked her watch -- 4:15. Geoff would have passed through the entrance hall about ten minutes previously to make his way down to the Quidditch pitch. She'd allowed him a ten minute head start, reasoning that was enough time for him to get to the pitch and set up his equipment, making it less likely for him to just turn and walk away from her. Bracing herself, she opened the front doors of the castle and stepped out into the blustery winter afternoon.

The tracks of countless students coming and going to and from the castle littered the snow, but the freshest set of tracks unmarred by fresh snow led directly toward the Quidditch pitch. She followed this trail, wrapping her cloak a little more tightly around her to guard against the wind.

Still a hundred meters away from the pitch, she saw a single broomstick circling above the stands, the rider clutching a bat in his hand, taking swing after swing at the Bludger darting through the air around him. She felt her heart pounding against her ribcage as she drew nearer. This was it.

She considered grabbing one of the school brooms from the shed but decided against it. This would be easier with both feet firmly on the ground. She took a deep breath and stepped out onto the field, calling up to Geoff and waving him down toward her. She saw him glance down, but he quickly looked back up and took another swing at the Bludger. Then another as it came around a second time, and then a third.

Just as she was thinking borrowing a school broom would be necessary after all, she saw him descending, alighting on the ground a moment later and dismounting, keeping the bat well in hand. She eyed it warily, remembering the night he'd saved her from Rosier's gang, leaving the Slytherin boys with more than a few bruises.

She tried a smile as he crossed the field toward her, stopping twenty yards short of her, but faltered at his stormy expression.

"What in the hell makes you think I want to see you?" he demanded.

"I just -- I wanted to talk," she said. "I thought there were some things we needed to discuss."

"You thought wrong," he said sharply.

"Geoff, please--"

"There is 

nothing

 we need to talk about," he said, beginning to advance toward her. "You lied to me -- about everything. What makes you think I'd believe anything that came out of your mouth?"

"I didn't--"

"No, you don't get to speak." He swung the bat in time to beat the Bludger away without glancing at it. Emilie took a hesitant step backward. "How long was it going to be before you sold me out to your friends, huh? How long were you going to string me along before you did me in? And what about your Mark -- were you just going to let that be a special surprise for me when you stabbed me in the back?"

Emilie stopped her retreat and balled her fists at her sides, standing her ground and giving him a hard look. She didn't come down here just to be chased away; she had to tell him. "Geoff, I'm late."

"It's not my goddamn fault if you're late to your fucking N.E.W.T. class," he said, swatting the Bludger away again without batting an eye. "I didn't ask you to come--"

"No, Geoff," she said forcefully, interrupting him. "I'm 

late

."

He frowned at her, his brow furrowed, uncomprehending. Then, slowly, comprehension dawned, and his eyes widened, his mouth falling open slightly as he understood. "Oh," he said, and then again, quieter, "oh."

"Just thought you ought to know," she said. "Cheers," she added, adjusting her grip on her bag and turning to walk away. She half-hoped he would call out after her, ask her to wait, catch her arm, 

something

 -- but instead he stood silently rooted to the spot, gaping after her.

The "

oof!

" behind her as the Bludger knocked him off his feet and into the snow gave her no small amount of satisfaction.

* * *

Once he had managed to wrestle the Bludger back into its case and returned the Quidditch balls to the broom shed -- trying to ignore the throbbing in his ribs where the Bludger had hit him as Emilie had walked away -- Geoff made his way back up to the castle, his head swimming. So much had happened in such a short span. Everything with Emilie would have been enough for anyone to deal with, but Geoff's parents had been dead barely four months, and already their best friend had joined them. For the past week, Geoff's nightmares had been haunted by the sight of Joel Morrison's decaying body swaying in the Lestranges' basement. The severed hand with the tallow candle was tucked neatly away at the bottom of his trunk; he and Sirius had barely spoken at all since their reconnaissance mission, and certainly not about the mission itself. Their report to Dumbledore had been cut short by the reappearance of Mariah's father, and Dumbledore had asked Geoff to meet in his office to finish the report. It would be the first time in nearly a week that Geoff had actually spoken about the things they'd seen at the Lestranges'.

"Acid pop," he said absently to the gargoyle, and it leapt aside, revealing the staircase leading to the headmaster's office. Dumbledore was seated behind the desk and glanced up. The headmaster gestured to a chair in front of his desk. "Ah, Mr. Mansfield, just the man I wanted to see. Sit, please. Not been fighting again, I hope?" he added, eying the fading bruises on Geoff's face.

"Quidditch practice. Think those Bludgers have gotten a little faster this year," Geoff lied, laughing weakly. The laughed died as Dumbledore raised his eyebrows, and he cleared his throat. "You said you wanted to see me, sir?"

"Yes." Dumbledore rifled through a stack of parchments on his desk until he found the one he was looking for. He raised it up and adjusted his half-moon spectacles to read it. "I've just received an owl from Mrs. Claire Morrison -- Aunt Claire to you, I believe? She wishes you well and hopes you're holding up."

Geoff felt the pit of his stomach drop. "She sent you an owl to tell me that?" he asked.

"Well, it seems her letters to you have gone unanswered these past few days, and with the recent loss of her husband, she was concerned that some misfortune had befallen you, as well," Dumbledore answered, laying the parchment down on the desk and looking across at Geoff. For a long moment, neither of them spoke. "It's not wise to distance ourselves from our loved ones in these dark times, Geoff," Dumbledore said at last.

"I know, it's just -- Claire and Joel are like family to me. They're all I have left. I didn't want... I was afraid if I answered her letters, I'd draw attention to her, and Voldemort would..."

He trailed off as Dumbledore raised a hand to silence him. "Geoff, if Voldemort's forces were able to detain and kill Joel, it's likely they already know Claire's location. Answering her letters will put her in no more danger than she's already in, and responses from you may provide her some comfort in these dark times. I would advise you to let her know you're alive and well."

"Yes, sir."

"Now, the other reason I wanted to speak with you," Dumbledore went on, setting Claire's letter aside, "was to ask you for more details about what you saw at the Lestranges'. I understand it must have been a trying experience for you, and if you aren't ready to discuss it--"

"No, I'm ready. I can talk about it."

"You're certain? I'm sure Mr. Black would be more than happy to fill in some of the blanks if you would prefer not to discuss it." Dumbledore waited for a nod of affirmation from Geoff. "Very well, then. I apologize for not being able to follow up sooner, but with the return of Ms. Jaeger's father--well, you understand. Although I am disappointed that you and Mr. Black disregarded your explicit instructions to observe from 

outside

 the Lestrange home, I would like to know what prompted the two of you to enter."

"We saw someone go in. Sirius reckoned it was Aldrik Lovell, so we followed him. We heard him talking to Lestrange in his study, something about looking for a dark magical artifact for Voldemort to use in the war."

"Do you have any idea what this artifact could be?" Dumbledore asked.

Geoff shook his head. "We didn't hear that part. Just that they don't know where it is, but Voldemort wants it. Then we went down into the basement to see if we could find any clues about the artifact, and that's when we found -- we found Joel. And then we left."

"And you said Joel was hanging when you found him?"

Geoff swallowed hard before answering. "Yes, sir."

"And he was missing a hand?"

Joel's dried, corrupted hand immediately sprang to mind with its thick tallow candle clutched in its petrified grasp, tucked away in the bottom of his trunk. "Yes, sir."

"Did you see any evidence of where Mr. Morrison's missing hand could be?"

"No, sir," Geoff answered, perhaps a little too quickly.

Dumbledore looked down at the surface of his desk, littered with stacks of parchment and delicate silver instruments, deep in thought. At length, he looked back up at Geoff. "Are there any other details from that day you can recall?"

"No, sir."

Dumbledore tilted his head forward to look at him over the rims of his spectacles. "You're certain there's nothing else?"

"Certain."

"Then I expect you'll be heading to potions now," Dumbledore said. "I hear N.E.W.T.s are nastily exhausting things, and I'd recommend attending class as the best way to prepare."

"Thank you, sir," Geoff said, standing. "If there's anything else I can do--"

"I'll be sure to keep you informed," Dumbledore finished for him. "Please ask Professor Slughorn to forgive me for making you late." 










Chapter 17: Overdue
    




Chapter Text

The Marauders arrived at the Gryffindor table long after most of the students had finished their lunches and exited the Great Hall. James and Sirius hadn't made it to N.E.W.T. level Potions, and now had a convenient block of time in the late afternoon where they normally would have run around causing mayhem for Filch, but without the map they'd let things slow down on the recreational chaos front. Peter was in the same boat, though he normally went to the library then to reread what they had learned in the previous class, slow learner as he was, and Remus had enough pull with the teachers to get away with little things like tardiness, model student that he was. 

James, Remus, and Peter seemed content, but Sirius was distracted. He hadn't felt right since his fight with Geoff. His own words kept coming back to him. 


"It's stupid, and I don't envy you, but I understand. I don't understand why you had to pick her, but I understand that love makes you crazy."


He did understand, didn't he. He'd been crazy for the majority of the year. He'd expended more effort on sabotage of one person than he had ever before. He used to always spread the sabotage around, after all, fair is fair, an eye for an eye, and if they hadn't taken an eye yet he'd preemptively take two. But stalking? For months? That was new. But was it because of...


I understand why even with undeniable proof, you want to believe she's not like them. You want to believe she's one of the good guys. But the fact is, she isn't. 


Was Mariah one of the good guys? Outside of the Order what had she done? She was a victim, but did being a victim make her a good guy? When he really thought about it, she'd been saved far more than she'd done any saving. What did it matter if Kurt saved her family? If he saved her? More would die, hell, Geoff's family was on its last legs. How long before they finished him off? Would Kurt save him as well? Would Mariah even ask him to?

"You alright, mate?" asked James, watching Sirius pick at his cheese sandwich. 

"Yeah," said Sirius."Where'd you say you found him?" 

"Told you, Mariah was stuck in a cave-in, so I was standing out front of Rosier's and hid when I saw someone running towards the gate. I realized it was Kurt Lovell, and saw him push Mariah's dad out into the street and tell him to run, and then he Disapparated."

"Just like that, huh?" asked Sirius.

"Yeah. I intercepted him when I saw he was injured, found out who he was, brought him back with me. Of course Emilie saw, but I mean, she didn't look like her heart was in it. Following us, I mean. I think it was harmless that she saw, she said she wouldn't say anything. What's that look for?" 

"Just… seems a bit easy, doesn't it? Mariah's been worried sick about her dad since Christmas and Kurt's been a straight up dick about it, and then Mariah finds 

Hellion Hexes

 under his bed and he says he's playing the Death Eater in order to get her dad back to her safely, and then the 

same day

 we have our surveillance missions he manages to make that happen? And on top of that he's got the Mark..."

"Maybe he is just trying to keep her safe," said Remus. "After all, if his dad's as intense as you say he is, wouldn't it be more strategic for Kurt to play along and get the upper hand on the inside in order to make things go the way he wants?" 

"That's just it, though. He can make things go the way 

he

 wants. That's all well and good if it's Mariah's safety he wants but what if what he wants isn't so altruistic. What if it works the other way, too?" asked Sirius. Peter frowned.

"What do you mean?" 

"What if he's staying just good enough to stay on Mariah's good side so he can use her, too?" asked Sirius. He took a bite of his sandwich without really tasting it. 

"Sirius, you always think he's using her but Mariah said she hasn't given him any information about the Order or anything at all," said James, reaching over and taking a big bite out of Sirius's sandwich. 

"I don't think she knows she's being used," said Sirius, ignoring James's baiting. "And if anything, the safe delivery of her dad is going to make her open up to him even more. She'll be especially vulnerable." 

"True," noted James through a mouthful of sandwich.

"So what are you saying, you don't trust her anymore?" asked Remus.

"I just feel like she's being manipulated," said Sirius. "I want to believe she's one of the good guys. But the fact is, she isn't." 

Sirius pushed his plate away, stretching.

"But… she's not one of the bad guys, Sirius, you know that as well as any of us," said Remus. "I don't know about Kurt, but Mariah's not a bad guy." Sirius dropped his arms. 

"You don't have to be a bad guy to not be a good guy. Being passive can cause just as much damage." 

"What are you going to do?" asked James as Sirius got to his feet. Sirius hesitated. 

"I'm going to go for a walk," he said, heading for the entrance hall.

"See you, mate!" called James after him. Sirius waved.

With March approaching, students were starting to get serious about their end of the year exams, distant though they may be, and the castle was quiet. Sirius made his way towards the Spiral Staircase, heading for the third floor.


I'm not the one in love with a girl who's going to be the end of me...


She would be in Potions. 

Sirius paused at the bottom of the stairs, instead turning around and heading down the corridor to the dungeons. 

A few students were still filing into the N.E.W.T. class. Sirius lurked in the corner, watching the stairs. He stepped out when he saw Mariah.

"Hey," he said gruffly. She stopped, surprised. Kurt was with her.

"Hey, Sirius, what's up?" 

"You lost?" asked Kurt, grinning. Sirius swallowed the fury that rose sharply and focused on Mariah instead. 

"Was wondering if we could talk," he said in a very controlled voice. 

"Uh, Sirius, I have class," she said. 

"It's important," said Sirius. Mariah glanced at Kurt.

"Um, yeah sure," she said. Sirius waited. Kurt shrugged, kissing Mariah on the cheek.

"See you inside," he said, heading into the classroom with the rest of the students. Sirius waited until Slughorn closed the door to start class. 

"What is it?" asked Mariah. 

"Did you tell Dumbledore where you found the book?" asked Sirius. Mariah paused.

"C'mon, Sirius, you don't still think Kurt stole it, do you?" she asked, grinning nervously. "After what he did? He risked his life to--"

"Get your dad back to you, yes I know, but Mariah… it was under 

his

 bed. Not Rosier's, not Avery's..."

"He was keeping it safe from them, so they couldn't use it," said Mariah confidently.

"He has the Mark," said Sirius.

"He got it so he could protect me," said Mariah. 

"Come 

on

, Mariah, he hand delivered your dad to James on the only day this week we did surveillance at that location. Nevermind that that location was assigned to 

you

." 

"Sirius, I don't know what to tell you," said Mariah, shaking her head. "I'm done fighting your paranoia, and I'm done with you trying to split us up, and I'm tired, so tired, of your rants about Death Eaters and Slytherins and the 'enemy,' just because you're jealous--"

"Dammit Mariah, this is serious! You think I'm making a big deal about this because of some stupid crush? People are dying! Maybe not your dad anymore, but Geoff's family members are dropping like flies, there are families that've been torn apart posted in the 

Daily Prophet

 every day now, you can't deny that we are at war! I'm only concerned for your safety, and the safety of everyone else in this school!"

"So is Kurt," said Mariah.

"That snake couldn't give two shits about what happens to anyone else in this school, and you know it," said Sirius. He dropped his voice. "Members of the Order put their lives on the line to protect others and fight dark wizards. What do you care about more, Mariah? Your boyfriend or being loyal to the Order?" 

"What makes you think I have to choose?" Mariah countered. 

"In that case, let's go tell Dumbledore where you found the book," said Sirius. Mariah frowned, but said nothing. Sirius shook his head. "That's what I thought. Stupid."

"I'm not stupid, Sirius," said Mariah, rolling her eyes, but Sirius was already headed back up the stairs to the entrance hall. "Where are you going?"

"To tell Dumbledore where you got that book," said Sirius. Mariah blanched. 

"Don't--Sirius, wait!"

She followed him up the stairs, pleading with him.

"We don't know what he'll do to him! Emilie says Dumbledore holds people captive that he doesn't even tell us about. What if he takes Kurt to interrogate him? What if he kicks him out of school? I just think we should sit back and see what happens. I mean, if Kurt saved my dad who's to know who else he could save. And as for Geoff, I feel awful for him, but maybe Kurt can only rescue one person at a time, and my dad had a better chance of survival than Geoff's friend. Maybe he tried his best and couldn't save both of them without getting noticed. You know his father's so into the pureblood fix you know he'd probably do anything for the Dark Lord, but Kurt can help our side if we just trust him!"

"Do you hear yourself? You've gone native, Jesus..." said Sirius, shooting her a look as he headed up the Spiral Staircase. "

The Dark Lord?

 You sound like a fucking follower..."

"I'm just trying to see things from his perspective, something you should probably try. It's okay for you, without your family on your back anymore, but what good is that for us? Who can you save from this side?" challenged Mariah. 

"Who can 

you

 save, Mariah? You're sleeping with an asshole who associates only with people who have been tied to attacks and murder. I can see you've really been working that angle to save some lives lately."

"That's not fair, Sirius."

"You know what's not fair? Watching your family and friends die because of a schoolgirl crush," said Sirius, exiting the staircase at the third floor.

"Sirius, stop! Please, I love him."

Sirius looked around at her incredulously.

"Since 

when?

" he asked.

"Since he brought me my dad back!" said Mariah. Sirius stared at her.

"That's called 

euphoria

 you dumb fucking..."

He doubled his pace down the third floor corridor towards the gargoyle statue, Mariah running to catch up. 

"Acid Pop," said Sirius, and the gargoyle statue leapt aside. He stepped forward, but Mariah grabbed his sleeve. 

"Sirius, please."

Sirius stopped, but didn't look at her. 

"I think you're making a mistake," he said. "And I think that you're in danger. But most of all I think you're putting others at risk with your determination to ignore the facts. I may not be able to save you, with your thick fucking skull and all, but I can save them."

"What?"

"I'm sorry, Mariah," said Sirius, looking around at her. "I really am. I'm sorry for dogging you the first half of the year, I'm sorry for not trusting you to make your own decisions, and I'm sorry I made them more difficult for you. If I hadn't done anything, you might believe me now. If the Order means anything to you, you'll tell Dumbledore the truth yourself. But no matter what your choice is, he's going to learn the truth in the next five minutes." 

He walked up the stairs to Dumbledore's office. Mariah hesitated, then followed him up.

Dumbledore was at his desk when they entered. 

"Ah, Mr. Black, Miss Jaeger, how are you. Miss Jaeger, you will be pleased to know that St. Mungo's wrote me today to say that your father has made a remarkable recovery and should be fit to return home any day now."

"Thank you, sir, uh..." 

"We came to tell you something, sir," said Sirius, looking pointedly at Mariah. 

"Oh? Do go on," said Dumbledore, putting down his quill and leaning forward attentively. A few moments passed where Sirius looked at Mariah, who fidgeted, but did not speak. Sirius turned back to Dumbledore. 

"

I

 came to tell you something," he said. "When we recovered 

Hellion Hexes

, we didn't just find it in the Slytherin common room, we found it under Kurt Lovell's bed."

"I see… Miss Jaeger," Dumbledore stood, approaching from behind his desk, "why did you not inform me of this?" 

"I… I thought… I thought it might be a mistake. A misunderstanding," said Mariah awkwardly. 

"Oh? How so?" asked Dumbledore.

"Well… I mean, I thought perhaps Kurt was holding it for a friend," said Mariah. She heard how stupid she sounded, and blushed. 

"Is there any evidence to support that theory?" asked Dumbledore. 

"I… I'm not sure," said Mariah. "But Professor Dumbledore, please. He risked his life to get my father back to me, he's never been concerned for anything but my safety. He--" She stopped, on the verge of telling Dumbledore about the Dark Mark burned into his arm. "He says he's trying to protect me, but he's stretched very thin," she said finally. 

"Well that's very noble of Mr. Lovell, risking himself to protect you. But does he concern himself equally with the safety of others?" asked Dumbledore. Mariah didn't say anything. "Miss Jaeger, I want you to understand the serious implications this book carries. You opened this book to find a hit list of not only yourself, but several of your friends. Did you report it to me? No. It was stolen from you, and you managed to find it again only to find that it was full of even more terrible threats. Through my examinations, I've found that not only does it contain that gruesome image, but it is still a functioning list for those with the key to see it. This book is being used to communicate with the Death Eaters outside of Hogwarts, and possibly Voldemort himself, and you did nothing to stop it."

"I… I'm sorry," said Mariah, her eyes filling with tears. "I didn't know..." 

"And yet you see the center image, plain as day. Did it not occur to you that the person harboring this book might be actively using it, despite excuses?" said Dumbledore. "Love is a fickle thing, Miss Jaeger, which is why we must be so very careful when choosing whom we can trust with our hearts. We must be even more careful, however, when choosing whom we can trust with our lives. Tell me, would you still love Kurt Lovell if you found he had murdered people at Voldemort's request? If he is indeed communicating with Death Eaters outside of Hogwarts, there is always a chance that they could request this of him. 

Hellion Hexes

 is proof that they have already requested this to be done. Can you live happily ever after with the blood of innocents on your hands?"

Mariah was crying openly now. Sirius was shaken by Dumbledore's words, but said nothing. He agreed, after all. Mariah had to learn. Dumbledore fixed her with a particularly steady stare.

"When you originally found this book, did you know it belonged to Kurt Lovell?" he asked. Mariah stared back at him, transfixed. 

"It was Avery's book," she said in kind of a dazed voice, "But Kurt and the Lestranges were looking for it, in the Invisibility Section where Avery left it for them."

"And did you ever mention to Mr. Lovell that you had this book in your possession?" asked Dumbledore.

"No," said Mariah. 

"And did you ever mention anything about the Order of the Phoenix to Mr. Lovell?" 

"No."

"And did he ever mention anything to you about being involved in Death Eater activity?" 

"His father forced him to get the Dark Mark. He said he was being watched by everyone, that he was under a lot of stress."

"Miss Jaeger, I think it would be prudent if you were no longer involved with the Order," said Dumbledore suddenly, breaking his stare, and Mariah blinked as though waking from a dream. "We have no need for those who might betray us merely because it is the easiest course of action."

Dumbledore put his hand on Mariah's head and closed his eyes. 

"

Obliviate

."

"Woah, wait!" cried Sirius, but Mariah had slumped to the floor. Sirius knelt beside her quickly, shaking her. "What did you do?"

"I modified her memory. She is in a very dangerous position, so close to Kurt Lovell, that I think it would be best if she had no knowledge of the Order at all," said Dumbledore, waving his wand. "If you would carry her back to Gryffindor Tower and put her to bed, she won't remember this conversation when she wakes up, nor any events involving the Order over the past few months."

"What? What about what happened over Christmas -- her family?" 

"Her father will be home soon, none the wiser to anything that's happened to him. Miss Jaeger will have a week off of school to go home and recuperate with him. We've already modified her brother's memory of the incident. As far as they're concerned, he was attacked by muggle burglars. Miss Jaeger won't remember being present for the attacks, nor the time after while she was in the Order's care."

"What about Lovell?" asked Sirius.

"Oh, I imagine he'll be quite disappointed once he figures out she is no longer as useful to him as she once was," said Dumbledore. "I am concerned, however, that Mr. Lovell may be more active than we originally thought, if he is under so much pressure. We would do well to keep an eye on him."

"What do I tell Lily and James and the others?" he asked. 

"Tell them the truth, of course. Though I do think it would be a good idea to keep your distance from Miss Jaeger for a while, especially you. See how she behaves, and tell me at once if she mentions anything more about Kurt Lovell's activities outside the school."

"Right..." said Sirius slowly.

"Mariah never pledged her life to the Order, Sirius. She was thrown in by chance. And serving the Order is a burden that should not be taken on unless one is ready to risk everything. Mariah is not ready for that now -- and she may never be. Understand that. Now, best take her back quickly. She'll be awake soon," said Dumbledore. Sirius picked Mariah up, getting to his feet. Dumbledore waved him out of his office, and Sirius descended into the hall, staring at Mariah's limp, snoring form, and wondering why his plan to tell Dumbledore suddenly felt so, so wrong. 










Chapter 18: The Goblet of Fire, October 1994
    




Chapter Text

October 30, 1994

The sun was low enough to peek underneath the ratty curtains, casting a glow on the many dust motes floating through the air, but it didn't do much to make the dingy room look any more beautiful. A rusty toll of a clock in the bar downstairs echoed through the thick wooden door, and Mariah shifted in the bed.

"I'd better go," she said, slipping out from under the sheets and combing her hair with her fingers. She walked to the rickety wooden chair in the corner where she had thrown her clothes earlier and untangled her underwear from her robes. The man in the bed sat up, rubbing his head. 

"Triwizard Tournament starts today?" he asked. Mariah pulled her underwear up over her thighs, noting one or two bruises on her ass. 

"Yeah, I sent my bags ahead, but Dumbledore wants me there by dinner. You think you could take it easy next time?" She indicated her bruises.

"Oh, yeah, sorry. I get excitable around this time of the month," said the man. Mariah smirked, pulling on her robes. 

"I'll say."

"When will I see you again?" asked the man.

"Next week?" asked Mariah.

"Sounds good. You'd better get going, Mariah." 

"Right, oh, almost forgot." Mariah pulled a small box from her bag and tossed it to the man. "There's a week's worth of potion in there. It should last you until next time." 

"Thanks. I can actually stomach yours," said the man. 

"That's because I add honeysuckle, for flavor. Doesn't have the same effect as sugar. I should patent it," Mariah finished thoughtfully. 

"Yeah yeah. See you next week, Mariah."

"See you, Remus." 

Mariah closed the door, adjusting her robes one last time, and headed for the stairs.

The Hog's Head pub was fairly far down the high street in Hogsmeade, but Mariah felt like walking. She glanced at the distant outline of the Shrieking Shack before heading the other direction. It seemed almost like a dream, all of the events that had happened the previous spring. Sirius had returned, and he had been innocent. All those years she had spent thinking and drinking and wondering why, now explained away with a simple secret switch. 

But why hadn't Lily told her? Well, Mariah thought to herself, that was fair. She'd been engaged to Kurt at the time. It had been a confusing time. And Remus had been… well, the werewolves and other infected persons had been siding with Voldemort. There had been so many supporters, and so many secrets. So many lies. Who was to know who was good and who was bad? Mariah shook her head. It was no time to dwell on the past. 

But the past had caught up with her, it was inarguable. Being brought back to Hogwarts year after year to watch over James and Lily's son, Harry. Seeing Dumbledore again, seeing Geoff, seeing Remus... 

Mariah bit her lip and grinned a little. After Remus had resigned and her tenure at Hogwarts had ended in spring they had continued to meet up over the summer, drinking, talking about old times, and one thing had led to another. It wasn't serious -- both of them had their reasons -- but both had been lacking a certain degree of intimacy for many years as a side effect of their stressful lives. Plus it was a convenient arrangement for Mariah to pick up where Snape left off on supplying Remus with his Aconite potion. There was no way the Potions Master of Hogwarts would continue that role in a million years, and that potion was particularly hard to come by. 

She was coming up on the gates, now, crossing the border to the Hogwarts grounds. The sun hung low over the Forbidden Forest, casting a sunset orange hue over the lawn. When she had walked a little further, Mariah saw the entire school standing just outside the entrance hall, students haphazardly arranged by house with faculty lined around the back row. She approached the huddle and wandered through the crowd until she found Geoff. 

"Oh, Mariah, you're starting today?" he asked.

"Yeah. What's all this for?" asked Mariah.

"Beauxbatons and Durmstrang," said Geoff. "They should be arriving any min--" 

"Aha! Unless I am very much mistaken, the delegation from Beauxbatons approaches!" Dumbledore called from the center of the back row. Geoff and Mariah looked up, along with the rest of the school. 

A powder blue horse-drawn carriage was descending from the sky, driven by a dozen giant palomino horses.

"Oh no, no way. One two three… ten, eleven, 

twelve

 of them? On top of the bloody skrewts?" Geoff was muttering under his breath. 

The carriage landed, and a very large elegant woman emerged, accompanied by a dozen shivering teenagers all dressed in silk robes. 

"Oh no," groaned Geoff again as Dumbledore welcomed the arrival from Beauxbatons.

"What is it now?" asked Mariah. 

"Delacroix," hissed Geoff.

"What?"

"I'd appreciate it if you two kept your thoughts in your head and out of your mouth," came a sneer, and the two of them looked around to see Snape standing on Geoff's other side, staring straight ahead. 

"Oh… hi, Snape," said Mariah.

"Don't get me started, Jaeger. I don't know why Dumbledore saw fit to hire you back here again this year, but when I find out I'll do everything in my power to talk him back out of that particularly unfortunate decision." 

"Good to see you, too," sighed Mariah.

"I don't doubt you had something to do with Black's escape in spring, so this year you'd better watch your--"

A giant ship erupted from the surface of the lake, and the surprised cries of the students in front of them drowned out the rest of Snape's words. As the ship settled, a gangplank fell to the banks of the lake and a group of people disembarked, approaching Dumbledore. There were again, a dozen students dressed in hulking furs, and at the forefront was...

"Karkaroff?" breathed Mariah.

"Karkaroff?" repeated Geoff.

"Karkaroff," hissed Snape.

"Dumbledore!" called Karkaroff, grinning as he stepped into the light of the entrance hall. "How are you, my dear fellow, how are you?"

"Blooming, thank you, Professor Karkaroff," replied Dumbledore cheerily. 

"Dumbledore's got to be doing this on purpose," groaned Mariah.

"You'd think he would notice the trend," muttered Geoff.

They both looked at Snape, who glanced at them, but looked straight ahead once more.

"...I don't disagree," he said finally. 

The Durmstrang students were passing the Hogwarts students into the entrance hall, Dumbledore walking with Karkaroff. Everyone turned and followed, filing into the great hall. They bottlenecked at the door, students and teachers alike shuffling as those in front of them filed through.

"Oh, Nurse Jaeger, you're back," said a voice, and Mariah turned around.

"Oh, hello Hermione," she said. "Yeah, Dumbledore thought some extra Hospital Wing staff on hand would be a good idea this year." 

"Because of the death toll?" asked Hermione.

"Well ye--"

"Never you mind, Miss Granger, Dumbledore will be providing the details of the Tournament in time," interjected Geoff, glaring at Mariah. Hermione watched them suspiciously as they shuffled on through the door and headed to the staff table.

Mariah took a seat by Geoff, and Snape detached to take up residence as far away from the pair of them as possible. Mariah looked down the table. Filch was adding chairs on either side of Dumbledore, five of them, and just on the other side of Geoff sat--

"Mad-Eye?" Mariah said, surprised. The grizzled, choppy head turned around to face her, and she saw that Moody's magical, electric blue eye had already fixed on her when she had sat down. 

"Mariah Jaeger," said Moody shortly. "Long time, no see." 

"Yeah… that's new, is it? It's nice," said Mariah, indicating Moody's eye.

"New to you, maybe," said Moody, popping open a hip flask and drinking deeply from it, grimacing. 

"Who else is coming?" asked Mariah, leaning back to talk to Geoff again. She felt a little self-conscious, and though she couldn't see Moody's eye anymore she couldn't help feeling watched. "Filch put five chairs out? Two for the headmasters, but who else?"

"Triwizard judges," said Geoff. "Ministry officials."

Dumbledore stood then, and the hall went silent. 

"Good evening, ladies and gentlemen, ghosts and -- most particularly -- guests," said Dumbledore. "I have great pleasure in welcoming you all to Hogwarts. I hope and trust that your stay here will be both comfortable and enjoyable. The tournament will be officially opened at the end of the feast. I now invite you all to eat, drink, and make yourselves at home!"

Food appeared on their plates as if by magic, only it was actually magic. Mariah dug in immediately. She hadn't noticed how hungry she was, and blamed her little romp that afternoon. She glanced around the hall, her eyes landing on the Gryffindor table. Harry Potter sat next to Ron Weasley and Hermione Granger near the center. He was laughing with James's laugh and smiling with Lily's smile. Mariah blinked, and helped herself to more bouillabaisse. She watched them wave hello to Hagrid as he entered the hall and headed to the staff table. A very pretty girl from the Beauxbatons students walked up and asked them for their bouillabaisse, taking it back to her table, after which Harry, Ron, and Hermione delved back into conversation. Mariah stared blankly at them. She thought about how she used to sit at that table once upon a time, laughing, talking, joking, smiling...

Harry looked at her, and she jumped, looking sharply back at her plate and appearing twice as interested in her food as before. 

"Hey," Geoff nudged her. "Look who's here."

He was indicating the previously empty chairs on Dumbledore's other side. Mariah leaned forward to see. There was Ludo Bagman, a beaming, happy-go-lucky man famous for his term as a Beater for the Wimborne Wasps, and famous in Mariah's own experience for being the stupid little second year who bought 'dormant' doxy eggs from a Slytherin only to have them hatch a day later in his school bag in the middle of Transfiguration. On his other side was Barty Crouch, former Head of the Department of Magical Law Enforcement, and current Head of the Department of International Magical Cooperation. And on his other side was--

"Mother

fucker

!" Mariah hissed, cringing back into her seat. A few students from the Hufflepuff table stared, but Mariah didn't care. On Barty Crouch's other side was someone she had hoped never to see again, at Hogwarts or out and about; someone who had caused her a great deal of pain, and who was currently smirking to no one in particular, happy that he had managed to work his way into Hogwarts on an invitation; someone who flashed her a smile as she felt her appetite disappear as her stomach turned inside out.

"I thought he was chasing Sirius," said Geoff in a low voice.

"He 

was

!" hissed Mariah back. 

"He's coming over," said Geoff, returning to his food with doubled attention.

"He's 

not

," said Mariah desperately.

"Well, well, well," said a slick voice from just over her shoulder, and she felt a hand on the other shoulder. "Good to see you again, Mariah. Mansfield."

"Mm," Geoff grunted through his blancmange.

"I trust you're both well."

"What do you want now?" asked Mariah, annoyed. 

"Oh, I'm just stopping over to say hi to a few old acquaintances. I have to be getting back to Mr. Crouch now. Much to discuss, you see."

"About what? Discuss what? What are you doing here?" 

"Oh, you'll soon find out," said Kurt, drumming his fingers over her clavicle before turning around and returning to his seat.

"Find out what?" repeated Mariah apprehensively. 

"Asshole," muttered Geoff.

"Why is he here?"

"Probably the same reason Bagman and Crouch are here," said Geoff. 

"...but… the Tournament? But that's… that lasts all year..."

Dumbledore stood again as the plates wiped clean and Geoff shushed Mariah quietly. 

"The moment has come," said Dumbledore. "The Triwizard Tournament is about to start. I would like to say a few words of explanation before we bring in the casket, just to clarify the procedure that we will be following this year. But first, let me introduce, for those who do not know them, Mr. Bartemius Crouch, Head of the Department of International Magical Cooperation." The students applauded politely. "Mr. Ludo Bagman, Head of the Department of Magical Games and Sports." There was a much more excitable round of applause. Mariah and Geoff exchanged looks. "And finally, Mr. Kurt Lovell, Head of the Department of Investigation." To this there were scattered, confused applause.

"Mr. Bagman, Mr. Lovell, and Mr. Crouch have worked tirelessly over the last few months on the arrangements for the Triwizard Tournament," Dumbledore continued, "and Mr. Bagman and Mr. Crouch will be joining myself, Professor Karkaroff, and Madame Maxime on the panel that will judge the champions' efforts. Mr. Lovell will remain a partial staff member at Hogwarts for the duration of the year for security purposes."

"A 

staff

 member!?" hissed Mariah a little loudly. The same Hufflepuffs as before glared at her once more, and Geoff shushed her, but she couldn't hide her look of horror as Kurt smiled around at the crowd of students. 

Dumbledore had moved on.

"The casket, then, if you please, Mr. Filch."

Filch approached Dumbledore, carrying a large, jewel-encrusted chest. 

"The instructions for the tasks the champions will face this year have already been examined by Mr. Crouch and Mr. Bagman, and they have made the necessary arrangements for each challenge. There will be three tasks, spaced throughout the school year, and they will test the champions in many different ways.. their magical prowess - their daring - their powers of deduction - and, of course, their ability to cope with danger."

The students were collectively holding their breath.

"As you know, three champions compete in the tournament," Dumbledore went on, "one from each of the participating schools. They will be marked on how well they perform each of the Tournament tasks and the champion with the highest total after task three will win the Triwizard Cup. The champions will be chosen by an impartial selector: the Goblet of Fire."

He tapped the chest in front of him, and withdrew a rough, old, wooden cup full to the brim with blue-white flames.

"Anybody wishing to submit themselves as champion must write their name and school clearly upon a slip of parchment and drop it into the goblet," said Dumbledore. "Aspiring champions have twenty-four hours in which to put their names forward. Tomorrow night, Halloween, the goblet will return the names of the three it has judged most worthy to represent their schools. The goblet will be placed in the entrance hall tonight, where it will be freely accessible to all those wishing to compete.

"To ensure that no underage student yields to temptation," said Dumbledore, "I will be drawing an Age Line around the Goblet of Fire once it has been placed in the entrance hall. Nobody under the age of seventeen will be able to cross this line.

"Finally, I wish to impress upon any of you wishing to compete that this tournament is not to be entered into lightly. Once a champion has been selected by the Goblet of Fire, he or she is obliged to see the tournament through to the end. The placing of your name in the goblet constitutes a binding, magical contract. There can be no change of heart once you have become a champion. Please be very sure, therefore, that you are wholeheartedly prepared to play before you drop your name into the goblet. Now, I think it is time for bed. Good night to you all."










Chapter 19: Déjà Vu
    




Chapter Text

March, 1977

With a particularly loud snore, Mariah's hazel eyes snapped open and she looked around in alarm. The library had emptied and the lights had been doused so that everything lay in darkness. She sat up and looked down at the book she'd been reading, but could only see the carpet where her body should have been.

"Dammit..." She'd fallen asleep in the Invisibility Section again. She pulled herself to her feet, felt around for her bag, throwing it over her shoulder, and staggered sleepily out of the library.

N.E.W.T. tests were coming up on the horizon, and Mariah, in a panic, realized that she had forgotten the majority of what she had learned the previous semester. On top of that, she was due to go home the following week to spend some time with her father, who was recovering from a burglary. Subsequently, she had been up late every day the past few weeks studying in the Library. Only the most comfortable reading area just happened to be the wall next to the Invisibility Section.

She ran down the hallway as quickly as she could without her shoes slapping against the marble floors, pausing at every corner to peek and make sure no one was coming. Just as she was nearing the Spiral Staircase, however, she heard a noise and stopped dead, flattening against the wall in an attempt to blend in with the shadows. Distant footsteps echoed through the hallway, but they seemed to be heading away from her. Mariah edged along the wall, then turned and ran down the next hallway so fast she almost ran smack into somebody walking the other direction.

Mariah yelped, and the somebody quickly put a hand over her mouth.

"Jesus christ, keep it down," hissed Sirius. It took a moment for him to recognize her in the dark. "Oh fucking 

perfect

. It's you." Mariah frowned as Sirius ran a hand down his face. "What the hell are 

you

 doing out here?"

"I fell asleep in the Library," said Mariah. "What are you doing out here?"

"I thought Madame Pince checks the Library before closing up," said Sirius.

"I fell asleep in the--"

"Invisibility Section," Sirius finished her sentence along with her. "Of course you did."

"...So why are you out here again?" 

"Because I do what I want. Come on, Filch will have heard your girly scream."

Sirius took Mariah's arm and led her back to the Spiral Staircase, ignoring her indignant huffing sounds at his comment. 

"Ok, go to bed."

"Are you not coming with me?" 

"I'm going to ignore that," said Sirius. "Hurry, before Filch--"

"

Well, well, well, students out of bed!

"

"Motherfucker..." sighed Sirius, looking around. "Filch."

"Black, how nice to see you again," said Filch, grinning a yellow smile from ear to ear. "And the Jaeger girl. Naughty. It'll be a week's detentions no doubt."

"My schedule's a little full, can we make it next September?" asked Sirius. Filch's grin turned upside down very quickly.

"Clear out, both of you. Your paperwork will be processed in the morning."

"Great," huffed Sirius under his breath as he climbed the last few stairs of the Spiral Staircase onto the landing of Gryffindor Tower. "Thanks a lot, Jaeger."

"I'm not the one who--"

"Drooble's Best," said Sirius loudly, knocking on the Fat Lady's portrait. She awoke sharply, glaring down at them as she swung open. Sirius marched off to the boys dormitories before Mariah could get another word in edgewise.

"Who's there?" 

A ginger head rose from behind a squashy red velvet couch that faced the far window, and Mariah saw that it was Geoff.

"Mariah? What were you and Sirius doing out so late?"

"I fell asleep in the library, I don't know what his deal is," said Mariah, sighing. She glanced at the Girls' Dormitories, then went to take a seat next to Geoff instead. "Filch caught us. A week's detentions, he said."

"Rough," said Geoff. 

"Yeah," said Mariah. "Doesn't help that Sirius's been in a real mood lately. He doesn't even have the energy to fight anymore. Weird, huh?"

"Yeah… weird," said Geoff.

"So what are you doing up so late?"

"Er… couldn't sleep," said Geoff. 

"I'm not with you there, Mansfield, I feel like I'm about to pass out," said Mariah, stretching. She stood, striding off towards the Girls' Dormitories. "See you."

"See you," said Geoff. He waited until Mariah had left the common room, then uncovered the notebook he'd been writing in and continued adding a full report of his night shift reconnaissance of the castle.











Chapter 20: In Too Deep
    




Chapter Text

"Remind me again why you can't just get your mail delivered to the Great Hall like everyone else?" Sirius asked. He reached for the folded piece of parchment in Geoff's hand, but his heart wasn't in it, and the lanky ginger deftly moved the letter out of Sirius's reach.

"Don't worry about it, mate," he answered. "Besides, this way we get first dibs on the morning news, remember?"

The morning ritual of Sirius trying stealing Geoff's mail and James taking the 

Prophet

 was still intact, but petty squabbles over the mail had become lackluster as the year had progressed. Admittedly, James's scouring of the 

Daily Prophet

 was much more thorough now than it had been in the past, rigorously scanning through every column on every page for hints of subtle Death Eater movements rather than just skimming the front page for news of major attacks, but this simple routine helped keep a sense of normalcy about everything despite all that had happened.

The Gryffindors settled into their usual seats at their table in the Great Hall, piling their plates high with sausage and bacon and toast, passing around pages of newsprint and jars of marmalade and pitchers of pumpkin juice. With the spring term drawing to a close and exams quickly approaching, textbooks and rolls of parchment were not uncommon decorations at the tables, and the conversation often revolved around their impending N.E.W.T.s as much as it did the war. And it wasn't just them. Since their release from the Hospital Wing, Alice Prewett and Frank Longbottom had joined in on their meetings. The only noticeable absence was Lily, who had also been released from the Hospital Wing, but was resigned to distancing Mariah from the Order following her discharge. The two of them sat at the far end of the Gryffindor table, both of them glancing over every so often, Lily wistfully, and Mariah with some confusion.

As Geoff poured himself another goblet of pumpkin juice, he glanced over at the Slytherin table. Lovell and Snape and Rosier were crowded together at one end of the table, the rest of their gang crowded around them, speaking in confidential tones, occasionally glancing over their shoulders and pointing at other students scattered around the Hall. Emilie was back in her old place at Rosier's side, although she no longer held his hand like she used to. That was a small comfort, Geoff told himself, although he and Emilie hadn't spoken since that day on the Quidditch pitch.

He saw Emilie stand and pick up her books, tucking her hair behind her ear as she made her way across the Great Hall. As she passed the Gryffindor table, her eyes scanned down the line of Marauders, lingering on Geoff for a moment as they had every day for the past three weeks, but as usual, neither she nor Geoff made a move to speak to the other, though Geoff kept watching her until she'd left the hall. He wondered if anyone else knew the secret she'd shared with him on the Quidditch pitch; he certainly hadn't told anyone, and from the looks of things, her fellow Slytherins either didn't know, or didn't care.

"You've 

got

 to try and move on, mate," Sirius said beside him.

"Believe me, I'd like to," Geoff sighed, glancing down at his watch and immediately started to gather his things. "Would you look at that? Time for history of magic. Better get going..."

"You are the only person I know that actually cares about showing up to that class on time," Sirius said. "Even 

Binns

 doesn't show up half the time."

"Yeah, but Emilie shows up all the time," James muttered beside him.

"Let her go, mate!" Sirius called after Geoff. "She's not worth it!"

Geoff ignored him, making his way out into the corridor. It was true that Emilie was one of the few other students who regularly showed up to their N.E.W.T.-level history of magic class (indeed, one of the few other students who had actually signed up for N.E.W.T.-level history of magic), but more importantly, the nearly empty class allowed him time to himself. Between classes, nightly patrols, and reconnaissance missions, he barely had time to get a good night's sleep -- the nightmares didn't help in that regard, either -- let alone clear his head. History of magic allowed him a moment to catch his breath and, occasionally, a quick nap.

Arriving in the classroom, he saw Emilie already sitting in her typical seat -- front row, far right -- scribbling something onto a long roll of parchment. He slid into his usual seat -- back row, far left -- and pulled out his own roll of parchment. Following his meeting with Dumbledore, he had hastily written a response to Claire's letters, and the two had kept up a steady correspondence in the weeks since, Geoff writing most of his letters during history of magic. The letters he and Claire wrote to each other were filled with small talk. Initially this had been a nice reprieve from Sirius and James's constant talk of the war, and Geoff had liked to think his letters to Claire had provided her some comfort in the wake of her husband's disappearance and murder, but lately he found himself craving more news about the war from beyond the walls of Hogwarts. But Dumbledore had warned him away from including too many details or questions about the ongoing war, and so his letters remained free of any mention of reconnaissance missions, the Order, or Death Eaters.

Professor Binns drifted in through the blackboard like he always did, and began his lecture, either not noticing or not caring that of the twelve students taking the class, only half had decided to show up for the day, and of those six, two had already drifted off to sleep. But not Emilie.

She never slept in class. She was constantly scribbling notes on her roll of parchment, but rarely looked up at the board. Geoff wondered if, like him, she used history of magic as a reprieve from everything else. He imagined Snape and Lovell and Rosier to be like the Marauders, constantly talking about the war, preparing, planning, plotting. He didn't envy her; the Marauders talked about the war ad nauseam, but at least they included Geoff in their discussions. At least Geoff was invested in what they were doing. From what he could see, Emilie drifted on the fringes of her group these days, and seemed fairly indifferent to the rest of the Slytherins -- or was that just wishful thinking?


Ignoring the fact that Emilie Delacroix is a Death Eater is stupid.


He glanced up at her at the front of the room, scribbling away on her parchment. He had seen her Dark Mark. She was undeniably one of them.

He had tried to convince himself it wasn't true, that he hadn't seen a skull and snake branded on her arm. She'd tried to talk to him that week after he first saw her Mark, and he'd pushed her away. He had tried to distance himself. She'd left him alone. And then, that day on the Quidditch pitch, 

I'm late

. It had been nearly a month since then, and they hadn't spoken again. He'd wanted to, but hadn't been able to find the words. What do you say to the girl you accidentally knocked up? How were you supposed to have a family when you were fighting on opposite sides of a war? He wondered if she'd told her family. He guessed not -- the news that the heiress of the Delacroix family was carrying the bastard child of a blood traitor would surely not go over well.

Another thought nagged at him -- what if she was lying? It certainly wouldn't have been the first time. It was this notion that pushed him away. And yet, he wanted to believe her. He wanted to fix things.


The fact is, she's a Death Eater.


A bell rang somewhere, but it wasn't until the other history of magic students awoke from their stupors and began packing up their materials that Geoff realized class had ended. By the time he began gathering his belongings, Emilie had stood and turned to walk to the back of the class and out the door into the hallway. Their eyes met briefly, but she continued onward without speaking to him, just as she did every day. This was ridiculous, he thought as he stuffed his parchment and quill into his bag. He was supposed to be a Gryffindor, courageous and daring, but couldn't work up the nerve to talk to a girl. One of these days, he would, he promised himself. But not today.


I don't understand why you had to pick her, but... I understand that love makes you crazy.


Crazy, indeed.

* * *

Kurt Lovell was not having a good day. 

Halfway through Charms he had felt a searing pain in his arm and bitten his tongue so sharply that it bled to keep from crying out. Sitting next to Mariah meant sitting next to Lily Evans, and he could not let either of them realize something was amiss. He had suffered in silence for a few minutes before excusing himself quickly from class and heading off toward the Entrance Hall, where he had made a beeline out onto the lawn towards the Forest. 

His arm throbbed as he had broken into a run once safely within the trees, hurrying to the border of the Hogwarts grounds. The minute Hogsmeade station came into view, he Disapparated. 

He landed sprawled on a cold stone floor, breathing hard. 

"So nice of you to join us, Lovell," said a high cold voice, piercing the still air like a spear.

"My lord," said Kurt, looking up at the snakelike face that had spoken. "You summoned me."

"I did," said the Dark Lord. "You haven't checked in in quite a while, Lovell. I was beginning to get concerned."

Kurt got to his feet, quickly making note of the six Death Eaters to either side of Voldemort. "It has been hard to get away, Dumbledore's eyes are on me now since he's modified the Jaeger girl's memory."

"Honestly, Lovell, your plans of late have been a disappointment," said Voldemort. "You've been giving this Mudblood too much agency, I don't see the point of it. And you made it seem like you had some sort of plan by releasing her father back to her, but the more I think about it, the more I grow tired of thinking about it. Kill them and be done with it."

"My lord, I have an informant in the Order of the Phoenix. He tells me Jaeger will be sent home soon to see her father. I placed her father under the Imperius Curse before I released him. Rather than incriminate myself under Dumbledore's nose, I thought I would let her father take the credit," said Kurt quickly. 

"Interesting," said Voldemort. 

"But, my Lord, I think it is worth reconsidering killing Jaeger. If she gets back in Dumbledore's good graces, she could provide valuable information about his movements," said Kurt.

"Ah yes. But you see, Dumbledore is not going to let Jaeger back in the Order anytime soon. And as you've said, you already have an informant, so I don't see the point." Voldemort's fingers traced his wand. 

"But my Lord--"

"I admire your cunning, Lovell, but need I remind you who is in charge here?"

Kurt's eyes widened. 

"No, my Lord, of course not." 

"I think a reminder would serve you well."

"My Lord--"

"

Crucio

!"

Kurt cried out, convulsing on the floor as pain racked his body. He was suspended in agony, able to think of nothing else, to feel nothing else, until, at long last, it ended. 

"Do not question me again, Lovell," said Voldemort coldly. Kurt shook violently, flexing his hands against the tremors. His nails had cut into his skin, and his palms were bleeding. 

"Yes, m-m-my Lord," he said, stuttering. Voldemort sighed, straightening his robe as Kurt staggered to his feet. 

"Kill the Mudblood. However you like, but do it soon."

"Yes my Lord," said Kurt, his voice stronger now. 

"Leave us," said Voldemort. Kurt bowed once, and Disapparated. He reappeared at Hogsmeade station, and calmly made his way back towards the castle, past the gates topped with winged boars. He entered the Forest to avoid wandering eyes, and it was there that he let the full impact of what he just experienced wash over him.

He emerged from the Forest a few minutes later and reached the castle just as the bell rang. When he reached the Charms classroom, he found Mariah waiting outside the door with his bag. 

"Hey, are you alright? Where'd you run off to?" she asked, as he took it from her.

"Hospital Wing," said Kurt. "Was feeling suddenly unwell. Madam Pomfrey gave me just the thing, I feel much better now."

"Oh, well. Glad to hear it. Come on, we're running late to Transfiguration."

"Mariah," said Kurt. Mariah stopped, looking at him.

"What?"

Kurt kissed her on the forehead, and she grinned. "What was that for?" 

"Never you mind," said Kurt, smiling.










Chapter 21: Mansfield and Delacroix Are What
    




Chapter Text
On Wednesday, Emilie's morning copy of the  Daily Prophet  narrowly missed her goblet of pumpkin juice, landing neatly between a platter of eggs and her own plate, which was heaped with sausages and bacon. Her horned owl landed nearby, offered her the letter clamped in its beak, and accepted a piece of bacon before beginning the short flight back to the owlery. Emilie set aside the  Prophet  and ripped open the envelope she had taken from the owl.
 Professor Horace J. Slughorn
cordially invites you to attend his twelfth annual
Good Friday Gala and Easter Eggstravaganza
on the Twenty-Fourth of March at Eight O'Clock in the Evening
in the Fifth Floor Banquet Hall.
 Please note that anyone choosing to bring Exploding Eggswill be asked to leave the event. RSVP - Horace J. SlughornPotions Dungeon, Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. Regrets Only. Present this invitation at the door.Good for admission of One Club Member and One Guest.She could hear Rosier chomping on a piece of toast beside her ear as he read the invitation over her shoulder. "Slug Club party, huh?" he asked, spraying crumbs across the table. Emilie glowered at him as she used a spoon to scoop a fragment of crust out of her pumpkin juice. "You going to ask Manic Mansfield again? Or are your irreconcilable differences... irreconcilable?"She turned back to her breakfast and jabbed her fork into a piece of sausage. "None of your business."Rosier could hardly contain his glee. "Going alone, then?""At least I'll be going," she snapped, letting the fork clatter to the table and gathering up her belongings. She didn't bother waiting to see Rosier's delighted grin fall to a scowl, sweeping away from the Slytherin table and towards the exit of the Great Hall.As always, her eyes drifted to the Gryffindor table as she passed, but the two spots between James and Remus were empty. She pressed her lips into a thin line, turned her eyes back to an indistinct spot on the wall, and continued her trek out of the Great Hall, head held high.* * *"You  can't  be serious," Sirius said."Sirius, I'm serious."Sirius made an indistinct despairing noise and covered his face with his hands, turning away from Geoff. "I can't believe this is even up for discussion. No," he removed his hands from his face, clutching at his dark hair as he turned back to Geoff. They were standing in the entrance hall beside the great glass hourglasses encasing the House points, just outside the heavy wooden doors of the Great Hall. "It's  not  up for discussion, because it's  not  happening. You are  not  --" he broke off abruptly and his head swiveled to the right as the doors to the Great Hall opened and Emilie strode out of them. She kept walking without glancing their way, heading toward the corridor that led to the dungeons. "You are  not ," he went on, lowering his voice, "inviting Emilie Delacroix to the Slug Club party. I forbid it.""Shove off, mate," Geoff said, trying to push Sirius aside, but the dark-haired Gryffindor stood his ground and shoved Geoff back between the hourglasses as Emilie disappeared through a door on the other side of the hall."No,  you  shove off. I'm trying to do you a favor. Listen, the Delacroix family is bad news. Trust me, you don't want to get mixed up in all that."Geoff frowned and pushed Sirius away. "Look, I'm already mixed up in it, so just--""What do you mean, you're already mixed up in it?" Sirius asked, falling back a step and narrowing his eyes at Geoff. "What aren't you telling me?" A fraction of a second later, he had seized Geoff's left forearm and yanked back his sleeve."Fuck  off  , Sirius," Geoff said, shaking his arm free of Sirius's grip. "D'you honestly --  honestly  -- think I'd become one of them after everything they've done to my family? Don't be thick.""What the hell else was I supposed to think, you're 'already mixed up in it'? Don't tell me you and Delacroix are secretly back together.""We  aren't ," Geoff said, stooping slightly to pick his bag up off the floor, "not that it's any of your goddamn business. Get out of my way, I've got to get to class."Sirius allowed himself to be shouldered out of the way and turned to watch the lanky Gryffindor make his way up the staircase toward the charms corridor with narrowed eyes. Geoffrey Mansfield was hiding something, and Sirius Black was going to find out what.* * *"Geoffrey Mansfield is hiding something," Sirius announced, dropping himself onto a pouf between Peter and Lily.The divination tower was dark, the luminous crystal balls on the rickety tables the only sources of light in the room."Hiding something," Lily repeated flatly. Her tone was one of distinct disinterest as she squinted at the swirling mist inside their crystal, but Peter's eyebrows were raised."Yeah," Sirius said, digging through his bag. "And I'm going to figure out what it is. Unless, of course, the two of you'd like to help?"Lily ignored the question, jotting down notes onto a roll of parchment without comment, but Peter took the bait."The two of us?" he asked. "Prongs and Moony aren't in?""Nah, they say I need to give it a rest. Not my fault I have a heart of gold and have genuine concern for the wellbeing of my friends.""Mr. Black, are you quite sure you're enrolled in this course?" Professor Telemus had appeared suddenly behind the three of them and was peering disdainfully down her beaky nose at Sirius, frowning. "I don't recall you having been here the past three years."Sirius affected a sudden dramatic flair, feigning a swoon. "A dream came to me, professor! A rat spoke to me and shouted about the sacred art of divination! Is that not a sign I should return to your... mystic tutelage?""Had you paid more attention to my lectures in your short tenure here, Mr. Black, you would remember that rats are a sign of  unworthiness  and shouting indicates regret from past mistakes," the professor said, shooing Sirius from his pouf and leading him imperiously to the trapdoor that led out of the tower. "Perhaps you regret that the Sight is not among your numerous talents. Now I must ask you to allow my students to return to their work."Sirius allowed himself to be ushered down the ladder, shooting one last, meaningful look at Peter and Lily before Professor Telemus shut the trapdoor above him.* * *"Mansfield and Delacroix are  what ?" gawked Sirius."They're not going to Slughorn's party together," murmured Peter. "I heard him talking to Wendy Slinkhard after--""Like hell he's going with Wendy Slinkhard!" scoffed Sirius."Mr. Black, I'm afraid that's five points from Gryffindor for swearing in class," said Professor Flitwick."I can't believe it," Sirius muttered, turning back to the roll of parchment spread across the desk. "Even Mansfield has better taste than  Wendy Slinkhard  , and he was snogging a  Death Eater. ""I can hear you," Geoff said pointedly from the row behind."D'you think it's a ruse?" Sirius went on, ignoring Geoff. "Like, he  says  he's going with Slinkhard but he's  actually  going with Delacroix?" He scratched at his chin as he considered, then glanced at James. "What do you say, Prongs, up for gatecrashing? Keep an eye on things?""Sorry, Pads, going with Lily..."Sirius groaned loudly, garnering another disapproving look from Flitwick. "Wormtail? Gatecrashing?"Peter quickly busied himself with his essay and mumbled, "Dorcas Meadowes is taking me."" Fuck  , does  everyone  have a date!?""Mr. Black, that's quite enough," Flitwick said from atop his stack of books at the front of the room. "I'm afraid I'll have to ask you to leave class, and take another five points!"Sirius grumbled and collected his things, muttering something about every man for himself, slinging his bag over his shoulder and exiting the room.









Chapter 22: Jaeger and Lovell Are What
    




Chapter Text

"Mansfield and Delacroix are 

what

?" gaped Kurt.
"They're not going to Slughorn's party together," murmured Peter. "I heard him talking to Wendy Slinkhard after--"
"

Wendy Slinkhard?

" scoffed Kurt. He looked around at where Snape sat studying on an avocado-green chaise. "I can't believe it," he muttered, pacing the room. "I mean… I thought even 

Mansfield

 would have better taste."
"I can hear you," Emilie said pointedly from a sage couch behind him."Good, then hear this. You realize now with Mariah gone and your little telenovela we've lost all windows into the Order's activity," he said sharply, "and with the Dark Lord already impatient with our recent setbacks we need all the information we can get to please him."Peter shuffled his feet, a little miffed that he wasn't window enough for Kurt."Whatever, Kurt, don't put your failures on me," said Emilie, getting up to leave."Get your shit together, Delacroix.""You seem particularly tense today, Kurt. Could it be that your short-lived glory from being Mariah's savior has come crashing down around you?" drawled Snape, looking up from his parchment where he was listing symptoms of a badly-brewed Chelidonium Miniscula potion."Everything's under control," said Kurt sharply, glaring at Snape. Snape stoppered his ink and began rolling up his parchment."Really? That's not what I hear."
"Then you should get your hearing checked," said Kurt.

"You know, if you think about it, your plans have never really worked, have they?" mused Snape, putting away his homework. "

Hellion Hexes

, that was a bust. Your plan to extort Jaeger and Mansfield. If you'll recall, it wasn't even your idea to recruit Pettigrew here, that was all my doing."

"Are you going to enlighten me as to what you're really talking about or just keep teasing around the issue?" asked Kurt. 

"Get out," said Snape, glaring sharply at Peter, who scampered for the entrance to the common room without argument. Once they were alone, Snape continued. "The Dark Lord has given me an assignment. If you are unable to dispose of Jaeger within the week, that particular responsibility will pass on to myself. And you will be left with the consequences of failing to follow orders." He smiled. "But of course, that's not going to be a problem for you is it?"

"As a matter of fact, it's not," said Kurt, crossing his arms. "I plan on taking care of that particular assignment very soon."

"I look forward to it," said Snape. 

Kurt was about to retort when the entrance to the common room opened again and Mariah entered. Still smirking, Snape stood from the chaise and swept past her with one last glance at Kurt, turning out into the hallway.

"Hi," said Mariah, dropping her books onto a chair and walking to kiss Kurt. He met her lips somewhat distractedly, but smiled when she raised an eyebrow. 

"All packed?" he asked. 

"Yeah, they've already taken my bags down. It's an overnight train, so I leave just after my detention," said Mariah. 

"Last one?" asked Kurt. Mariah nodded.

"I thought we could say goodbye properly now."

"Oh," said Kurt as Mariah snaked one hand across his shoulder and the other around his waist. 

"I'm thinking we'd better move to your room, lest we scar the first years," she whispered. Kurt smiled briefly, and Mariah grinned as he took her hand and led her down the hall to the 7th year boys dormitory. 

"How come boys can't go up to the girls' dormitories but girls can go to the boys'?" mused Mariah, kissing Kurt's neck. "You'd think they'd know the students would be up to no good either way."

"I suppose they just think girls are more trustworthy," said Kurt. 

"Even Dumbledore in all his wisdom hasn't pegged girls as equally untrustworthy? I mean… it's the '70s. We can be naughty, too. What is it?" Mariah broke off as Kurt shrugged her away.

"Nothing," said Kurt. He paused. "When was the last time you talked to Dumbledore?" 

"Uh… pshhh… you know, I don't know. Might have been just in the hallway or something," said Mariah. "I mean, how often do any of us talk to Dumbledore, really?"

"Right," said Kurt absently. Mariah began kissing her way down his shoulder, but he flinched as her hand touched his forearm. 

"What? Oh… I always forget you have a tattoo, sorry," said Mariah as Kurt moved his hand away. "When did you get that again?"

"Christmas," said Kurt shortly.

"Right… it's still sore?" 

"You know, Mariah, I have a lot of work to do," said Kurt. Mariah stared at him.

"You realize we haven't had sex in weeks," she said. "Come on, Kurt, we're all busy, but you can still make time for a little fun."

"I'm not feeling it. Sorry," said Kurt, running a hand through his hair. He reached for his shirt, which was draped over the edge of his mattress. Mariah stared at him, then got to her feet.

"Fine, I'll just go back to my dorm then."

"Alright."

"FINE!"

Mariah snatched her bag from the kelly green chair she'd left it in in the Slytherin common room and marched back up to Gryffindor tower, only realizing she'd left her bra unsnapped when she reached the portrait hole. She clamped her elbows to her side to keep it from sliding off as she stepped inside, seeing Lily on one of the squashy armchairs around the fireplace.

"Cover me, will you? I'm having a wardrobe malfunction," said Mariah, sitting beside her. Lily leaned forward to block her from view from the rest of the common room while Mariah reached inside her robes and pulled her shirt up to hook her bra once again. 

"Thought you were seeing Kurt," said Lily.

"I was, but he's being such a prick lately," said Mariah. "He's just so out of it, I don't know. I feel like he used to be more present, you know? He's just pissed off all the time now, it's like he's not interested anymore."

"Oh..." Lily paused. "That must be hard."

"Yeah," Mariah stared at the fire. "If he keeps this up I don't know if I'll even want to go to Slughorn's party with him. He hasn't even asked me yet, though, so..." Mariah shrugged dramatically, lying back in the chair. 

"Are you going to break up with him?" asked Lily after a moment. Mariah shrugged again, smaller this time. 

"You heading to dinner soon?" she asked. 

"Oh… I… I have some homework to do for a while, might skip dinner, sorry," said Lily. 

"Okay," said Mariah, a bit hesitant. "I guess I'll see you when I get back then."

"Have a good trip!" Lily called after her as she exited the portrait hole, making her way down to the Great Hall. 

Mariah ate alone. She ate alone more often these days. Lily seemed busier than ever with homework and James. She never even made it to bed most nights, and then she would sleep all afternoon to make up the difference. She didn't see much of the boys, either. They seemed transported somehow, though still happy whenever she saw them together. 


Must be those N.E.W.T.'s,

 Mariah reasoned, though she couldn't help feeling a little hurt. 

Dinner was almost over when she saw them. They took an open area at the end of the Gryffindor table and ate quickly, talking only a little in hushed voices. Mariah stared at her plate, but she wasn't hungry anymore. It was almost time for detention.

She got to her feet and walked out of the Great Hall. As she passed the end of the table she heard Sirius talking.

"Well, that's my cue. Off to the dungeons."

"Rough luck, mate, see you later tonight for you-know-what!" said James.

Mariah wondered what you-know-what might be, but then realized that if it was James Potter and Sirius Black doing the you-know-what, it could have been anything.

She made her way across the Entrance Hall, Sirius's footsteps echoing behind her. She wondered if he would try to talk to her, but for the past week they hadn't exchanged so much as a word during their detentions. She had tried to initiate conversation their first day, but Filch had walked back inside yelling about the difference between social hour and punishment. 

Filch was there when they reached the potions classroom, mops, rags, and buckets at the ready, as well as the scowl that distended his face like gravity. 

"Finish the job, then. I've got some business to attend to, but I'll be back," he spat, shoving a mop into Sirius's hands as he exited the classroom. Sirius handed it off to Mariah without a word, took a rag and bucket, and walked to the furthest corner of the potions classroom to scrub.

Mariah set up on the other side, working quietly. The weight of the silence between them had eased after a little while during their past detentions, but that was probably because Filch's constant complaining had lifted it, but Mariah felt the silence heavily between them now. 

"I'm headed home today," she said, her voice coming out a little hoarser than she'd intended. 

"Cool," said Sirius without turning around. Mariah pursed her lips, mopping a little more. 

"Looks like Slughorn's got another party coming up, too," she said.

"Yep," said Sirius. Mariah paused. 

"Think you're going to go?"

"Nope," said Sirius. 

Mariah stopped talking. She felt heat rising to her cheeks. That never used to happen when she talked to Sirius. Before long Filch returned, and she could let herself be distracted by his ranting again.

It was close to ten when Mariah finally made her way down towards the platform instead. For the first time since arriving at Hogwarts in her first year, she was looking forward to graduation. Everyone was acting strange- Kurt, Sirius, even Lily. Maybe the fall semester had been particularly full of drama, Mariah didn't know, but for some reason it was almost as if nothing was happening at Hogwarts now, as if everyone was a ghost of their former self. Mariah took a book out of her bag and opened it, glancing at her watch. Three hours until her train. She would be glad to go home, at least there she could hope for some normalcy.










Chapter 23: No Pressure
    




Chapter Text

Emilie saw the boy approach out of the corner of her eye, but did not deign to halt her quill's progress across her roll of parchment as he stopped beside her table. The library was packed with fifth-years studying for O.W.L.s and seventh-years studying for N.E.W.T.s -- he was probably just another fifth-year trying to find the table his friends had taken over so he could join them. She continued scrawling her summary of the 19th Century Giant Wars, and the boy continued standing beside her without budging. She had the uncomfortable sensation that he was reading each word she wrote, but she was determined to ignore him; he would move on after a moment. But one moment stretched to two, and soon Emilie found herself grinding her teeth, determined to wait the boy out. At length, the boy coughed.

Emilie's quill abruptly stopped scratching on the parchment. Slowly, she turned her eyes upward, frowning deeply.

"Emilie Delacroix," the boy said.

"Regulus Black," she answered. 

Regulus had inherited the same haughty good looks as his brother, but had inherited little of his charm and lacked the effortless flair that accompanied Sirius wherever he went. Whereas the elder Black brother's dark hair and school robes were constantly in a state of deliberate unruliness, Regulus's hair was neatly combed and never touched the collar of his school uniform, which was always neatly pressed and never in disarray. And here he was now, his hands shoved into the pockets of his immaculate robes, his shoes shined, his green and silver tie tied with a perfect windsor knot.

Emilie waited, eyebrows raised, but Regulus didn't seem keen on speaking further. "I'm a little busy," she said finally, gesturing at the parchment on the paper. "N.E.W.T.s and all, so--"

"It's 1812, not 1821," he said, cutting her off. "For your essay. Here." He pulled a hand from his pocket to point out the error on her parchment and waited for her to correct her mistake. "And you've mixed up the Gurgs. Munvag was the Gurg of the eastern encampment, not Flumgar," he added, pointing to another line in her notes.

The Slytherin girl's frown deepened and she set her quill down on the desk rather more forcefully than necessary. "Did you need something?" she asked sharply.

Rather than answering, he shoved his hand back into his pocket and drew out a neatly folded scrap of parchment, thrusting it toward her. "Yes -- here it is," he said.

She gave him a baleful look as she unfolded the note before quickly scanning through its contents. "What's this rubbish?" she asked, offering it back to him.

He didn't take it. "Pros and cons."

"Of?"

"Attending Slughorn's party together."

She narrowed her eyes and watched his face for a long moment to determine if he was joking, but his expression remained objectively stoic. Almost reluctantly, she glanced back down at the parchment. "'Pros,'" she read, "'not attending party alone; evening in pleasant, like-minded company; complimentary pre-party stroll around the lake; defense against unwanted suitors; complimentary post-party foot massage to ease aching dancing feet; no pressure to engage in coitus.'" She glanced up at him at the end of the list, eyebrows raised. She was met with the same deadpan expression. She looked back down at the list. "'Cons: assumed risk of falling head over heels in love with the dashingly handsome heir to the Noble and Most Ancient House of Black.'"

A pair of fifth-year Ravenclaw girls a short distance down the table had stopped pretending to study and snickered as Emilie read through the list. A dark look from the Slytherin girl sent them both ducking back behind their textbooks.

"Reg -- no," Emilie said, sighing as she refolded the list turned back to the Slytherin boy. "Sorry, but my answer's no."

He seemed unperturbed. "You're going to give Rosier the satisfaction of showing up without a date?" he asked.

"What's between me and Rosier is none of your business," she said, picking up her quill and turning back to her essay. "And anyway, I never said I was going."

"Why not? You want to. No, no, 

Munvag,

 not Munvark," he added, jabbing a finger at her parchment again. "M-u-n-v-a-g."

"Like I said, Regulus, the answer is no," she said, throwing her quill into her bag, stuffing the roll of parchment and Regulus's note in along with it as she stood. "And I've just remembered I've got somewhere to be, so if you'll excuse me--"

"Heading down to the pitch to watch the match?" he asked. "Hufflepuff's got a decent Seeker, but I bet Gryffindor can still outscore...."

Regulus's voice trailed off behind her as she brushed past him and made her way out of the library as quickly as she could without eliciting a disapproving look from Madam Pince. Once in the corridor, she quickly ducked into a hidden passageway behind the nearest tapestry to avoid Regulus, in case he'd decided to follow her out of the library. Once she had emerged out the other end of the passage and was sure she was well on the other end of the castle, she found a secluded alcove and seated herself on a bench beside a statue of the druidess Cliodne. She folded her arms across her middle and leaned forward, waiting on a wave of nausea to pass. Her morning sickness had been getting steadily worse the past several weeks, enough so that she'd had to excuse herself from class more than once to vomit. The past few days had been blessedly free of nausea, and she had hoped that perhaps her days of running to the toilet were gone, but it seemed that would not be the case.

Once her nausea had passed -- thankfully, free of any actual vomiting this time -- she straightened in her seat and leaned back against the cool stone wall of the castle. Regulus had hit the nail on the head when he'd said she wanted to go to the party... but then, who 

didn't

 want to go? Regulus's own brother had schemed his way into (and subsequently been thrown out of) nearly every Slug Club party since their fourth year, James Potter right alongside him.

Emilie's stomach did a backflip that had nothing to do with her morning sickness.

Regulus's brother. Sirius Black, the black sheep of the Noble and Most Ancient House of Black. Judging from the way he'd been scowling and skulking more than usual, he was the last of their little gang to have found a date to the party. She needed a date simply to show up Rosier; what did she care if her date liked her or not? It would take more than a little convincing to get Sirius onboard with her plan, but with any luck, he still wouldn't have a date and would still be desperate to go to the party, and that would be enough. And if it weren't, the added bonus of pissing off a score of Slytherins, chief among them his own brother, would hopefully be enough to sweeten the deal.

She checked her watch. The match between Gryffindor and Hufflepuff would be in full-swing by now, with Sirius no doubt wedged in the center of the Gryffindor stands. She picked up her bag and slung it over her shoulder, making her way toward the Entrance Hall, planning to intercept Sirius on his way back up to Gryffindor tower after the match.

* * * 

Sirius gaped at the girl standing in front of him. Emilie Delacroix had grabbed him by the sleeve of his robes and forcibly yanked him behind a tapestry concealing a hidden passageway -- a ploy he and Marlene McKinnon had often used when they were going steady in fifth year to get in a bit of snogging between classes -- but snogging was the last thing on his mind today. 

"You don't need to look so surprised," Emilie said, folding her arms across her chest and scowling.

Sirius shut his mouth, his expression shifting abruptly from one of surprise to one of suspicion as he folded his own arms across his chest and narrowed his eyes, mimicking her scowl. "I don't know what kind of game you're playing, Delacroix," he said, "but let me tell you--"

"Look, do you want to go to Slughorn's party or not?" she asked, cutting him off with a short wave of her hand. She reached into her bag and pulled out a scrap of parchment, thrusting it at him. "Here," she said. "Read this."

"What's this rubbish?" he asked, eying it skeptically as he accepted it and unfolded it.

"Pros and cons of going to the Slug Club party with me."

He let his eyes slide from her face back down to the parchment in his hand. "'Pros: not attending party alone; evening in pleasant, like-minded company' -- doubt that one -- 'complimentary pre-party stroll around the lake; defense against unwanted suitors' -- yeah, that's a real problem of mine, all those unwanted suitors -- 'complimentary post-party foot massage to ease aching dancing feet; no pressure to engage in coitus' -- don't flatter yourself -- 'Cons: assumed risk of falling head over heels in love with the dashingly handsome heir to the Noble and Most Ancient House of Black.'" He crumpled up the parchment and tossed it away over his shoulder. "No," he said flatly. "Absolutely not. One," he went on, raising a finger, "I will not be seen anywhere with the likes of 

you

, and two--" a second finger joined the first "--as misguided as your attempts to win Mansfield back are, I refuse to participate in any of your schemes to get back together with him."

"This has nothing to do with Mansfield."

"It has everything to do with Mansfield. Don't lie. If you think for just one second--"

"It's not Mansfield," she interrupted. "It's Rosier."

Sirius deflated a bit. "Rosier?"

"Rosier," she said. "He thinks I can't get a date."

The Gryffindor considered her for a moment. "Mansfield already turned you down, did he?"

"Geoff wouldn't go even if I asked," she answered, and sounded a bit deflated herself. "He's hardly looked at me since -- well, in a while, as I'm sure you've noticed."

Sirius weighed his options. Gate-crash the party, risk getting thrown out; find another date, but the remaining options were slim; go with Emilie Delacroix, risk ruining his friendship with Geoffrey Mansfield, but piss off a score of Slytherins and alleged Death Eaters in the process...

"Not worried your pals will think you've become a traitor to their noble cause?" he asked, eying her with no small amount of suspicion. "I seem to recall an incident last term that involved you, Rosier's gang, Geoff, and a Beater's club. And since it's not likely Sir Mansfield will come dashing to your rescue if things go south this time...."

"Listen, I just need you to show up with me and hang around long enough that Rosier notices. That's it. Afterward I tell them I was trying to get information out of you but you caught on too quickly and split before I got anything relevant. They don't think I'm a traitor, and they don't think you know anything important."

He considered for a long moment. "We show up together," he said at last, holding out a hand for her to shake. "We get a cup of punch. We're done. Deal?"

"Deal," she answered, grasping his hand and shaking it.

* * *

By the time Sirius reached the common room, the Gryffindors' victory party was already in full swing. No sooner had he climbed out of the portrait hole than someone thrust a half-empty bottle of Ogden's Old into his hands. He didn't think twice before yanking the stopper from the bottle and taking a deep swig, relishing the burning sensation of the firewhiskey sliding down his throat.

"Where've you been, Padfoot?" James shouted over the noise. "Party started without you!"

"You wouldn't believe me, mate," he answered, throwing back another gulp of liquor. He grimaced; the second swallow burned more than the first. "I think I might've really fucked up this time."

"More than that time you almost poisoned yourself trying to brew... what was it again?"

"...not that bad," Sirius admitted. "I'm still breathing this time."

James laughed a little too loudly, slopped some of his butterbeer down the side of his mug, and then allowed himself to be led away to the other side of the common room by his teammates, who hoisted him onto their shoulders and began to sing a loud and bawdy song involving balls, hoops, and Hufflepuffs. It was true, going to the party with Emilie was nowhere near as disastrous as inadvertently poisoning himself -- or at least, not as immediately disastrous -- but James would be too preoccupied with the victory party to listen. Sirius quickly scanned the room and spotted Remus sitting in another corner, playing Sickles with Geoff and made his way over to them.

"Geoff," he said, nodding a greeting at the ginger, who raised his own bottle of firewhiskey in return without smiling. "Moony, a word?" he added, gesturing for the prefect to follow him.

Remus excused himself from their game and followed Sirius to a secluded nook in the common room. He waited patiently for Sirius to glance around and ensure no one was near enough or interested enough to eavesdrop.

Satisfied that there were no unwanted ears listening, Sirius turned back to Remus and took a deep breath. "Geoff's girlfriend asked me to go with her to the Slug Club party," he said quickly.

"Come again?"

"Geoff's girlfriend -- asked me -- to go with her -- to -- the -- Slug Club -- party," he repeated slower.

Remus folded his arms across his chest and raised one hand to his face, considering. "Have you told Geoff?" he asked after a moment.

"This literally happened fifteen minutes ago. What do I do, Moony?"

"Well, of course you said no, so--" Remus broke off abruptly as Sirius took an innocent swig of firewhiskey. "You 

didn't

 say yes. You 

can't

 have."

"I didn't so much as say 'yes' as I agreed it would cause friction amongst a common foe."

"So you said yes."

"I said yes," Sirius conceded, hanging his head. "What do I 

do

, Moony?"

"For starters, tell Geoff."

"Remus John Lupin, I do not have the words to express to you how much I cannot do that. It would destroy him."

"You should have thought about that fifteen minutes ago when she asked you! You, of 

all

 people -- going with Emilie? After all the shit you've given Geoff about it?"

"I know! I know! I fucked up! Help me!"

Remus waved Sirius away. "You got yourself into this mess, Padfoot," he said, beginning to walk back toward his game of Sickles. "My advice is tell Geoff before someone else does, but you're on your own with that." 

Sirius frowned and watched Remus rejoin Geoff, then found himself a squashy armchair and settled into it, finishing off the bottle of Ogden's and accepting new drinks from anyone who passed. Within the hour, the tips of his fingers were tingling slightly as he reached for another glass of butterbeer. Instead of grabbing the glass, he hit it with the side of his hand, spilling its contents across the coffee table and onto the rug.

"Sirius, I think you've had enough," Gwenog Jones said from her perch on the side of the armchair. "Maybe you should slow down."

"Nonsense. 'M fine. Don't you know there's a war on, every reason to drink," Sirius said, eying a bottle of wine a few meters away as he reached into his robe for his wand. "

Accio wine

," he said, waving his wand wildly in a clenched fist. The wine bottle remained stationary... until someone picked it up and began carrying it away through the crowd.

Gwenog quickly relieved him of his wand. "You're going to put someone's eye out, Sirius. Lay off the booze and get something to eat."

He scowled and gave her a shove off the arm of the chair, but staggered to his feet all the same, pausing slightly as the room spun around him. "Going to th' kitchens," he said loudly. "Be back with food. Mansfield, c'mere."

He saw Geoff continue to sit motionless, frowning at him, until Remus prompted him to follow Sirius through the portrait hole and out into the darkened corridor. The Fat Lady stirred slightly in her frame and grumbled something incoherently, but quickly settled back into a deep sleep.

They set off down the corridor in as much silence as they could muster, doing their best to avoid tripping over corners of rugs or staggering into suits of armor as they walked. As they continued their trek through the castle, up one corridor and down the next, around a secret spiral staircase and treading extra carefully through an open room that was a favorite haunt of Peeves and Mrs. Norris, Sirius became acutely aware of just how heavy the silence between them was becoming. He had to tell him; Remus was right, he had to do it. But as the memory of their last conversation in the Great Hall between the giant hourglasses holding the House points swam to the forefront of his mind, he felt his resolve failing. The details of the interaction were lost to alcohol, but he had a vague recollection of yelling and insinuating Geoff had gone to the wrong side, and more shouting, and forbidding him from asking Emilie to the party. And now he had to explain that in lieu of Geoff, he, Sirius Orion Black, would be taking Emilie Delacroix to the blood Slug Club party. It was now or never. "Listen, Mansfield, I've got some stuff t' say."

"Don't wanna hear it."

"You're gonna hear it," Sirius said, grabbing Geoff roughly by the shoulder and forcing him to turn, backing him against a wall. "So help me God, if I've gotta say it, you're gonna hear it."

"Say it, then," Geoff said, pushing Sirius away.

Sirius opened his mouth to tell Geoff everything; to apologize for being an absolute cunt, to apologize for all the shit he'd given him about Emilie, to tell him about Emilie's proposition of attending the party together, to tell him how he'd agreed to go with her, to apologize for not telling him sooner, to apologize for saying yes at all -- but his resolve was fading, and panic was rising, and the words wouldn't come.

And suddenly, the lanky ginger found himself once again backed against the wall, this time with Sirius's lips pressed to his own, the shorter, dark-haired boy reeking of alcohol tasting faintly of cinnamon and whiskey and wine. Geoff shoved Sirius away again, coughing and spluttering. "What the bloody hell was that, Sirius?" the redhead demanded.

"S-sorry," Sirius said, not meeting Geoff's eyes as he glanced around the entrance hall for an out... "Would you look at that! If it isn't Wendy Slinkhard!" he said, a little more loudly than necessary, gesturing wildly toward the corridor to the kitchens.

Geoff turned to see a very pink-faced Wendy creeping out of the corridor and into the entrance hall, taking a hesitant step toward the boys. "We were -- 

hic

 -- in the kitchens drinking sherry and heard raised -- 

hic --

 voices," she said. "You really ought not be -- 

hic

 -- shouting..."

"Kitchens, you say? What a coincidence, that's where we were headed." Sirius grabbed Geoff by the elbow and shoved him toward Wendy. "Why don't you kids go on ahead, and I'll meet you back in the common room, Mansfield. Make sure you get some of those good treacle tarts when you come back up. Go on, now."

Just as Geoff disappeared down the corridor to the kitchens with Wendy, he threw another befuddled look over his shoulder at Sirius, who mouthed the word 

sorry

 and gave an apologetic wave. Once the two of them had vanished from sight, Sirius immediately turned to make his way back to the common room. So much for the courage and chivalry of Gryffindor.










Chapter 24: So Happy Together
    




Chapter Text

Mariah's dad was smiling all the way to his bandaged ears waiting for her out front at King's Cross Station. He was leaning on a cane next to a less than enthusiastic Devon, who was sporting a look of the opposite direction that told Mariah that he was nowhere near over what had happened at Christmas. Mariah was still a bit shaken herself. Her father had been attacked by burglars while her brother had been at a friend's. Devon was a grouch on a regular basis, but Mariah could tell that her presence seemed to have driven him into a darker mood. She wondered for a moment why he had come at all, but stopped wondering as he turned away from their joyful reunion and made a beeline for the driver's side door of their small sedan.

"The doctors say I'll be fit to drive in a week or so. The Muggle doctors, that is. I had a visit from a few Mediwizards who fixed me up right quick, but it's all hush-hush for the Muggles, you know," said Mariah's dad, passing his cane back to her from the front seat. "The cane is only a precaution, but they said I fractured my ankle. I do wish I could have stayed in St. Mungo's instead of a Muggle hospital though. I was drilling those Mediwizards something awful, but of course they don't want to let on too much information to Muggle doctors. Shame though. I was learning so much. It's a wonder what magical medicine can achieve..."

Devon pulled the car out into the street a bit faster than necessary. 

They grabbed a takeaway pizza for dinner. Devon had been staying in the house alone, but he had subsided primarily on frozen dinners and takeout it seemed. Devon took two slices to his room and marched upstairs, locking himself away in his room, leaving Mariah alone with her father. 

"Don't blame yourself, Mari," said her father, putting a full kettle on the stove. "He'd be doing this even if Christmas had gone like normal. He's at that age where he has to be contrary about everything."

"Right," said Mariah, not very convinced. "I wish I'd been home, though, I might have been able to do something."

"Now, now, none of that. I'm actually glad you weren't home. Knowing you're safe is my number one priority as a parent, Mari, I don't need you fighting." Mariah shrugged, but frowned. Why had she stayed at school again? Oh, that was right, she was so behind in classes she had spent Christmas studying. 

"Did they take anything?" she asked. 

"No, must've been scared off once they saw me bleeding on the floor. Maybe a neighbor heard something and raised an alarm. Anyway, everything's accounted for," said Mariah's dad.

"That's good," said Mariah, feeling no more comforted.

They lapsed into silence as they ate. Afterwards, Mariah helped her father lug the trash that had accumulated under Devon's care out to the curb, and then headed upstairs to shower. She paused outside of Devon's room and knocked. 

"Fuck off," said Devon after her third attempt at knocking.

"Just give me a minute, will you?" 

The door opened. 

"You have fifty-five seconds," said Devon, tapping his watch. Mariah frowned.

"Okay, why are you being such a cunt?" 

"Don't you pull that innocent act with me. I dunno what your lot has done to dad's head to make him forget, but I'm not about to forgive you no matter how hard you want to pretend Christmas didn't happen," Devon snapped. 

"I don't know what you're talking about, Devon, but if you're going to be an asshole to me, the least you could do is lighten up for Dad," said Mariah. 

"Still playing it all high and mighty? Fine, but don't talk to me again." The door slammed in Mariah's face. 

"That was thirty seconds at best!" she shouted through the door before heading down to her room. She grabbed a towel off the end of her bed and locked herself in the bathroom for a long shower.

The water was too hot, and then too cold, but Mariah flushed the toilet three times and the temperature found a comfortable balance. She stepped inside, running her face under the water.

The dance was one week away, but with Kurt acting so spiky she wasn't even sure she wanted to go. It would be no fun if he was as anxious as he had been lately. And with Lily and James, and the others acting as sketchy as they had been, she wasn't sure they could be trusted to be much fun either. Not to mention Sirius, who was avoiding her like the plague for some reason. She remembered their scheduled detentions together the following week. She remembered dreading his constant monologues and teasing jabs, but wasn't sure she could handle a whole week of evenings doing some menial job for Filch with no talking at all, let alone eye contact. She wasn't sure she wanted to experience Sirius ignoring her existence. 

Something in the bathroom creaked, and Mariah opened her eyes, waiting. No other sound followed. She hesitantly went back to washing her hair. 

What was Devon's problem anyway? Blaming her for a burglary. Of course, he was used to blaming her for everything anyway. She shrugged. It seemed pretty normal. But something was bothering her. Something he said. 

No matter how hard you want to pretend Christmas didn't happen.


But she wasn't pretending. She hadn't even been there. She had been...

"At school..." she muttered, frowning. Something creaked loudly and she jumped.

"Fuck 

off

, Devon!" she called through the door. There was no answer. Mariah grabbed the soap and rubbed it over her body, determined to finish showering as quickly as possible now. 

There was suddenly a third creak, louder than before, and the shower curtain buckled in towards her as a figure lunged. Mariah shoved the soap bar where its face should be and heard it howl in pain as she ducked out of the way, letting it hit the tile wall. She slipped on the soapy bathtub floor and fell out onto the bathmat. She crawled over the tile, grabbing onto the sink to keep from slipping, and ran out of the open door into the hallway back to her room. 

"My wand, my wand, my 

wand

," she said agitatedly, jerking left and right, searching. She spotted it on the nightstand and dove for it just as her bedroom door burst open. Mariah turned and sent a stunning spell back at the figure. It missed, chipping the wall paint. Mariah suddenly realized who the figure was and snatched her bedsheet around herself. 

"Dad! What are you doing!?" she shrieked. Her father stumbled over the rug, but recovered and launched himself at her like a man who hadn't ever sported a cane, and Mariah felt his hands close around her neck. He was grunting with the effort of pressing his thumbs into her windpipe, but said no words. Mariah struggled to shout a spell, her arm waving her wand weakly, but she couldn't speak. Her father pinned her arm down sharply with an elbow and she cried out a squelched sort of shriek.

"Help!" she wheezed. "Please! Help!"

She kicked her legs violently, knocking over the nightstand. The lamp shattered on the floor. 

"

Stupefy!

" she mouthed, her voice too hoarse to make a sound. Her vision was fading. "

Dad! Please...

"

"What are you doing!? Get off her! Get 

off

 her!" 

Mariah felt the pressure leave her throat and the weight lift off her, and she coughed, wheezing. Devon was in the doorway, holding their father in a headlock as he bucked against him, trying to get back at Mariah. 

"What's going on?" asked Devon sharply.

"I don't know!" breathed Mariah, coughing sharply. She quickly tied the bedsheet around herself more securely, extending her wand. 

"Woah, what are you doing?"

"Dad… can you hear me?" asked Mariah hoarsely. "I need you to calm down, do you understand?" 

Mariah's father lurched against Devon's grip, and the teenager nearly lost his grip. Mariah took a step backward. 

"What's wrong with him?" asked Devon in alarm. 

"I don't know, he might have been bewitched or-- NO!" 

Mariah ducked aside as her father broke free of Devon's grip and launched himself towards her. He missed, stumbling into a dresser. He spun on his heel, bleeding from his temple slightly. Mariah was holding her wand out still, but her hands were shaking.

"Dad, please don't! Dad!" 

Mariah's father ran towards her, aiming a kick at her leg that connected with a sickening crack. Mariah screamed in pain and lashed her wand out as she fell. 

"

Stupefy!

"

The jet of red light blasted her father across the room where he collided with the wall and slumped to the floor. Mariah propped herself on her forearms, eyes tearing at the pain in her leg. She crawled towards the door.

"Mariah! Are you alright?" asked Devon hysterically.

"NO, my leg is bloody broken--Look out!" 

Their father, bloody, limping, and with what looked like a dislocated shoulder was snarling, scrambling across the bed towards them like an animal. Mariah threw out her wand, to alarmed to name a spell, and a wave of gold sparks hit him squarely in the chest just as he jumped at them and he flew across the room once more, only this time his head connected hard with the windowsill as he fell, and he lay still. 

Devon called the police, while Mariah sat next to their father trying to stop the bleeding from his head, forgetting her broken leg almost entirely. The doorbell rang not long after, and Devon left to answer it. Mariah waited, but it was not Devon who returned. Nor was it the police.

Three purple-clad mediwizards entered the room, setting a few tidying spells to work to fix the damage to the furniture and the stains on the floor as they made their way over to where Mariah sat by her father. 

"What happened here, then?" asked a particularly robust mediwizard.

"My dad attacked me, just went crazy. I shot a stunning spell to hold him off, but he just kept coming back. This one got him particularly hard, and he tripped, and...is he going to be alright?" Mariah felt like she was drastically under-representing the situation, but didn't know what else to say. A mediwizard knelt and fixed her leg as she spoke while the third examined her father. 

"He's barely breathing," she said, turning to the robust mediwizard. "Muggle?" she added to Mariah.

"Yes, him and my brother."

"Ah, the boy at the door," said the robust mediwizard. "Better unfreeze him, and send the Muggle policemen back to their station. Right. Take this man into custody at St. Mungo's. I remember him from a few weeks ago, he'll already have a file." He looked suspiciously at Mariah. "Just attacked you, aye? Your own dad? And a Muggle too. Doesn't seem rational."

"That's what happened, I don't know why, we've never fought before!" exclaimed Mariah, hysteria rising in her voice. Her father groaned weakly, and the mediwizards returned their attention to him.

"Get him out of here," said the robust mediwizard, and the younger took Mariah's father's hand and Disapparated. Just before they disappeared, Mariah could see his fingers twitching slightly, still aching to fit around her throat.

* * *

Mariah's father lay restrained to a bed on the fourth floor of St. Mungo's in the ward for Spell Damage while Mariah and Devon observed him from behind a barrier. 

"You can't remember what spell you used, Miss Jaeger?" asked the attending mediwizard, a greying man with a stony demeanor. 

"No, I didn't have time to think," said Mariah. 

"We have healed most of the physical damage, but your father is still unresponsive, I can only assume from whatever side effects the spell had on him. We have contacted Professor Dumbledore about the events and he has given evidence that this attack was out of character for your father. Indeed he was only here a few weeks ago and we observed nothing out of the ordinary then."

Mariah could feel Devon shaking with anger next to her. 

"Dumbledore has emphasized the need to investigate for dark magical influences, but other than that all we can do is keep him here under observation. In any case, it could be quite a while before he is able to return home."

"Can't you fix him?" asked Devon shortly. The mediwizard blinked at him. 

"We will do everything we can, Mr. Jaeger. I know as a Muggle, it may seem to you that our abilities know no bounds, but magic cannot fix the world. Merlin knows that's especially true these days."

The mediwizard turned and walked down the hall, leaving Devon and Mariah alone. They did not speak for a minute.

"Devon..."

"Don't talk to me. I don't ever want to see or speak to you again," said Devon.

"It will be alright," said Mariah.

"I want you out," said Devon. "I've had enough of your rubbish, putting Dad and me in danger, destroying the house. Don't ever come home, you hear me? If Dad dies, it's my home. And I never want you to set foot in there again."

"Devon..." said Mariah, feeling numb, but her brother had already set off down the stairs and out of sight. 










Chapter 25: The Four Champions, October 1994
    




Chapter Text

October 31, 1994

Halloween morning found Hogwarts abuzz with excitement over the impending tournament. The Goblet of Fire had been placed in the entrance hall, just as Dumbledore had said, and a gaggle of students were standing around, eying it with interest. Geoff had just pushed his way through the throng with a piece of toast smeared with marmalade when a loud whooping coming down the staircase drew the attention of the entrance hall crowd. The Weasley twins appeared with Lee Jordan at their side, waving empty potion vials above their heads.

One of the twins -- he thought it was Fred, although he was never quite sure -- drew a slip of paper from his pocket and held it aloft for everyone to see. A hush fell over the crowd of students, and Geoff watched with mild amusement as Fred (or was it George?) walked up to the very edge of the golden age line, and then stepped over, the other twin leaping over after him with a flourish and a cry of triumph that whatever scheme they'd concocted had worked.

With a loud sizzle and a pop, both twins were suddenly thrown back over the line, skidded three meters across the floor, and groggily regained their feet, each of them sporting a magnificent silver beard that very nearly put Dumbledore's to shame. The onlookers howled with laughter, no one laughing louder than Lee Jordan, and even the twins joined in once they'd inspected each other's beards.

"I did warn you," said a deep, amused voice, and everyone turned to see Professor Dumbledore coming out of the Great Hall. He surveyed Fred and George, his eyes twinkling. "I suggest you both go up to Madam Pomfrey. She is already tending to Miss Fawcett, of Ravenclaw, and Mr. Summers, of Hufflepuff, both of whom decided to age themselves up a little too. Though I must say, neither of their beards is anything like as fine as yours."

As the Weasley twins headed up the stairs to the hospital wing, Jordan still howling with laughter behind them, Dumbledore left the entrance hall, humming to himself. Geoff took a bite of toast and surveyed the rest of the crowd gathered around the Goblet. He saw Harry, Ron, and Hermione ducking out of the entrance hall to find breakfast, but it was the group of Slytherins standing off to one side of the hall that caught his attention.

His son Joel was seated on the grand staircase beside Draco Malfoy, their usual gang surrounding them, cheering on a hefty seventh year Slytherin boy as he strode purposefully across the room, stepped over the age line, and submitted his name into the Goblet.

"...age line is ridiculous," he heard the Malfoy boy say, his drawling voice carrying easily across the hall as the applause for the Slytherin Quidditch player died down. "If I want to win eternal glory, who's going to stop me?"

Joel muttered something Geoff couldn't hear and gestured at the age line. Crabbe and Goyle guffawed loudly. Pansy Parkinson affected a dramatic swoon and made doe-eyes at Malfoy. Joel pulled a slip of parchment from one robe pocket and his wand from the other. With a swish and flick, the slip of parchment began to levitate, drifting slowly toward the Goblet. Malfoy raised his eyebrows appreciatively at his friend's ingenuity, but Geoff was already making his way across the hallway, snatching the parchment out of the air as he walked past it.

"Joel Michel Mansfield!"

Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle snickered. Joel groaned and rolled his eyes, replacing his wand back into the pocket of his robes.

"Did you honestly think levitating this--" Geoff brandished the slip of parchment. "--across the age line would work? These precautions are here 

for a reason

. You haven't had enough training to begin to be able to compete as a champion in this tournament, even if you could enter. If your mother were here--"

"Yeah, well, she's not, Dad, so piss off. Come on," he added to the other Slytherins as he stood. "Let's get out of here."

Geoff caught his son's arm as the Slytherin boy moved to brush past him. "If you ever use that tone with me again--"

"You'll what? Give me detention?"

"Refer you to your Head of House. I'm sure Professor Snape has some ideas of how to punish disrespectful students."

Joel scoffed and shook his arm free from his father's grasp, leading the rest of the group out of the entrance hall just as the doors opened and the twelve Beauxbatons students entered, led by their headmistress. One by one, the Beauxbatons students stepped across the line to submit their names, and each time, the blue flames in the Goblet of Fire burned briefly red.

"Sorry, couldn't help but overhear," a soft voice said beside Geoff. "But it sounds like you take these safety precautions very seriously." He turned to see a pretty, dark-haired witch standing beside him, a quill held at the ready above a roll of parchment as she looked at him expectantly. A thought seemed to strike her, and she tutted to herself, swapping the quill to her left hand and holding her right out for him to shake. "But where are my manners?" she asked. "Evaleen Lovell, columnist for 

Witch Weekly

."

Geoff hesitated for a moment, then shook the offered hand. "Lovell, you said?"

"Yes, no doubt you remember me from my work with the 

Daily Prophet

. Or perhaps you've met my husband Kurt, head of the security detail for the Tournament."

"We've met, yes," he answered shortly. "Is there something I can help you with?"

She smiled again and readied her quill. "Just trying to get an inside scoop," she said. "Did I hear you call that boy your son? Tell me, as both a parent and professor -- you 

are

 a teacher here as well, yes? -- how do you feel about Dumbledore's decision to reinstate the Triwizard Tournament, what with the astronomically high death t--"

"Oncle Geoff!"

Geoff was not sorry to be pulled away from the reporter, although being seized by the shoulders and subjected to 

bises

 from a pretty young Beauxbatons student was not the escape he had planned. He forced a smile as the girl released him, beaming. She was the spitting image of Emilie, with the haughty Delacroix features and slender frame. Geoff had neither seen nor heard from Emilie's family since she had been sent to Azkaban all those years ago, just after their daughter had been born, except for the occasional holiday card around Christmas, usually featuring a photograph of Emilie's brother and his family on some exotic vacation. "Véronique," he said, relieved he could remember the girl's name. "So good to see you. It's been, what, eleven years?"

"Ah, close relations with a rival school!" Evaleen said, scribbling notes madly with her quill. "A conflict of interest? Family on one side, employer on the other?"

"Twelve," the French girl said, ignoring the reporter, much to Geoff's relief, tossing her long dark hair back over her shoulder. "Oncle, 'ave you seen Joel? I 'ave not seen 'im in ages and 'ave been wanting to say 'ello since we arrived. 

Où est-il

?"

"He headed out onto the grounds with his friends just before you came in. Heading down to the Quidditch pitch, most likely. If you go--"

"Ah, 

merde

," the girl said, glancing over her shoulder as her friends shouted at her from the doorway. She turned back to her uncle and giving him a fresh set of 

bises

. "I 'ave to return to ze carriage, but I will see you around, 

non

? 

À plus

!"

And with that, the girl turned and left as suddenly as she had appeared, jogging across the entrance hall to catch up with her friends and stepping out into the Saturday morning sunlight. Geoff took the girl's exit as an opportunity to excuse himself and quickly dodged around the reporter before she could protest, hurrying up the staircase and out of sight.

* * *

The Halloween feast seemed to take much longer than usual that night. Judging by the constantly craning necks, the impatient expressions on every face, the fidgeting, and the occasional student standing up to see whether Dumbledore had finished eating yet, the students were indifferent to the lavishly prepared meal and were itching to hear who had been selected as champions. Geoff would have been lying to himself if he said he weren't just as interested.

At long last, the golden plates returned to their original spotless state; there was a sharp upswing in the level of noise within the Hall, which died away almost instantly as Dumbledore got to his feet. On either side of him, Professor Karkaroff and Madame Maxime looked as tense and expectant as anyone. Ludo Bagman was beaming and winking at various students. Mr. Crouch, however, looked quite uninterested, almost bored.

"Well, the Goblet is almost ready to make its decision," said Dumbledore. "I estimate that it requires one more minute. Now, when the champions' names are called, I would ask them please to come up to the top of the Hall, walk along the staff table, and go through into the next chamber" -- he indicated the door behind the staff table -- "where they will be receiving their first instructions."

He took out his wand and gave a great sweeping wave with it; at once, all the candles except those inside the carved pumpkins were extinguished, plunging them into a state of semidarkness. The Goblet of Fire now shone more brightly than anything in the whole Hall, the sparkling bright, bluey-whiteness of the flames almost painful on the eyes. Everyone watched, waiting....

The flames inside the goblet turned suddenly red again. Sparks began to fly from it. Next moment, a tongue of flame shot into the air, a charred piece of parchment fluttered out of it, and the whole room gasped.

Dumbledore caught the piece of parchment as it fluttered downward and held it at arm's length, so that he could read it by the light of the flames, which had turned back to blue-white.

"The champion for Durmstrang," he read, in a strong, clear voice, "will be Viktor Krum."

A storm of applause and cheering swept the Hall. Viktor Krum rose from where he'd been sitting at the Slytherin table and slouched up toward Dumbledore; he turned right, walked along the staff table, and disappeared through the door into the next chamber.

"Bravo, Viktor!" boomed Karkaroff, so loudly that everyone could hear him, even over all the applause. "Knew you had it in you!"

The clapping and chatting died down. Now everyone's attention was focused again on the goblet, which, seconds later, turned red once more. A second piece of parchment shot out of it, propelled by the flames.

"The champion for Beauxbatons," said Dumbledore, "is Fleur Delacour!"

The girl who so resembled a veela got gracefully to her feet, shook back her sheet of silvery blonde hair, and swept up between the Ravenclaw and Hufflepuff tables. Geoff saw Véronique sporting the signature Delacroix scowl at her seat at the table, visibly disappointed. Two of the other girls who had not been selected had dissolved into tears and were sobbing with their heads on their arms.

When Fleur Delacour too had vanished into the side chamber, silence fell again, but this time it was a silence so stiff with excitement you could almost taste it. And the Goblet of Fire turned red once more; sparks showered out of it; the tongue of flame shot high into the air, and from its tip Dumbledore pulled the third piece of parchment.

"The Hogwarts champion," he called, "is Cedric Diggory!"

Every single Hufflepuff had jumped to his or her feet, screaming and stamping, as Cedric made his way past them, grinning broadly, and headed off toward the chamber behind the teachers' table. Indeed, the applause for Cedric went on so long that it was some time before Dumbledore could make himself heard again.

"Excellent!" Dumbledore called happily as at last the tumult died down. "Well, we now have our three champions. I am sure I can count upon all of you, including the remaining students from Beauxbatons and Durmstrang, to give your champions every ounce of support you can muster. By cheering your champion on, you will contribute in a very real--"

But Dumbledore suddenly stopped speaking, and it was apparent to everybody what had distracted him.

The fire in the goblet had just turned red again. Sparks were flying out of it. A long flame shot suddenly into the air, and borne upon it was another piece of parchment.

Automatically, it seemed, Dumbledore reached out a long hand and seized the parchment. He held it out and stared at the name written upon it. There was a long pause, during which Dumbledore stared at the slip in his hands, and everyone in the room stared at Dumbledore. And then Dumbledore cleared his throat and read out--

"Harry Potter."

* * *

There had been no applause when Harry's name had emerged from the Goblet of Fire -- just an angry buzzing, like a swarm of bees, as ripples of indignation passed through the students. The buzzing had grown louder as Harry had made his way to the front of the Hall, and louder still once he was in the chamber with the other champions, followed first by Ludo Bagman, then by Professor Dumbledore, Mr. Crouch, Kurt Lovell, Professor Karkaroff, Madame Maxime, Professor McGonagall, and Professor Snape.

Alastor Moody stood from his seat at the staff table and limped his way down the length of it to Geoff. "Mansfield, try to quiet this lot down and herd them back to their dormitories," he muttered, and followed the others into the champions' room.

Geoff sighed and stepped up to the podium where Dumbledore typically delivered his speeches, but his presence did not have the same effect as the headmaster's, and the students continued their angry buzzing. He drew out his wand and touched it to his throat, and shouted for quiet with a magically amplified voice.

The buzzing died down, albeit more slowly than Geoff would have liked, and once silence had fallen, he dispersed the students back to their common rooms, their ship, and their carriage. The angry buzzing gradually resumed as the students filed out of the Great Hall. A few stragglers were drifting toward the door the champions had disappeared through, but Geoff quickly shooed them away and sent them heading to their dormitories.

When the last student had cleared the Hall, Geoff stepped through the great oak doors to ensure there were no stragglers in the entrance hall. Although he found no students, Evaleen Lovell was standing there, evidently waiting for her next big scoop, quill once again poised at the ready above her roll of parchment.

"A fourth champion. How about that?" she said. "And an underage champion at that. So much for Dumbledore's safety precautions -- seems he overlooked a few details."

"Is there a question in there, Mrs. Lovell?"

"Please, call me Evaleen. I was just wondering if you thought perhaps Dumbledore's age was contributing to his lapse in judgment? Perhaps a fresh administration would have refrained from reinstating a tournament with such a historically high death t--"

"Dumbledore is a great man," Geoff said, cutting her off. "And if anyone can sort out this mess with four champions, it's him."

"Can I quote you on that? Geoff, wasn't it?"

"Professor Mansfield," he corrected. "And I'd rather you didn't. Look, if there's nothing else--"

He broke off as the voices of the occupants of the champions' room echoed through the empty Hall, Maxime, Karkaroff, and their two champions leading the group. The rest of the group followed, Kurt Lovell bringing up the rear.

"That'll be all, Professor Mansfield. For tonight," she added, giving him a small smirk and a wink. "I'm sure you have plenty of valuable insight that I'd love to tap into." She tucked her parchment and quill into her bag and hurried across the Hall to her husband, tucking her hand into the crook of his arm.

Cedric Diggory headed for a door to the right of the marble staircase toward the Hufflepuff common room. Harry hesitated for a moment, watching his fellow Hogwarts champion go, then started to climb the marble ones.

"Harry," Geoff called after him, mounting the steps two at a time to catch up. "Can I walk with you?"

"I didn't put my name in," Harry said quickly.

"I believe you," Geoff assured him. "I just thought you'd like some company. Not everyone will believe you didn't put your name in -- your friends especially."

Harry didn't say anything; he'd been worrying about that very thought since his name had emerged from the Goblet. How could Ron and Hermione ever believe him when he told them he hadn't put his name in? But there was still something else. "Moody thinks someone put my name in to try to kill me."

Geoff laughed humorlessly. "Moody always thinks someone's trying to kill him -- that flask he has? It's so no one can poison his drink when he's not looking. I'm sure he's just being paranoid. Besides," he added, glancing sideways at Harry with a sly smile, "I doubt notorious mass-murderer Sirius Black will be coming back to finish you off any time soon."

Harry returned the grin, and Geoff could have sworn that the boy's pace perked up slightly as they continued their trek through the castle. Once they reached the corridor that housed Geoff's office, the professor stopped. "Listen, Harry," he said, putting a hand on the boy's shoulder, "if you need anything at all, you can come to me. I was a friend of your parents', too. We'll all be pulling for you -- me, Remus, Mariah, and Sirius, too. Anything you need."

"Thanks, Professor," Harry said, and turned to continue making his way up the staircase toward Gryffindor tower.

Geoff watched him go. Harry may have been James's son, but even he couldn't be reckless enough to put his own name into the Goblet of Fire. But if he hadn't, who had? Maybe Moody was onto something -- maybe someone 

was

 trying to kill Harry. But who?










Chapter 26: One Cup Monty
    




Chapter Text

"Your plan failed, Lovell."

Kurt looked around, straightening his robes. 

"It's still early, Severus," he said, running a hand through his freshly combed, wet hair and turning back to the mirror. "Who's to say I've failed before the night has even begun?"

"The Dark Lord, for one," said Snape, his reflection emerging from behind Kurt's. "He is getting impatient."

Kurt gave himself one last once-over before turning back to face Snape. 

"I've got it covered," he said, reaching into his dress robes and pulling out a small vial. "By the time the night is over, Mariah will be dead."

* * *

Sirius was waiting at the foot of the marble staircase in the Entrance Hall, bouncing on the balls of his feet as he waited for Emilie to emerge from the dungeon corridor. James and Lily knew the plan; they'd make sure Geoff steered well clear of Sirius and his date until they'd had their agreed-upon cup of punch and gone their separate ways.

When Emilie finally emerged from the dungeons wearing a set of emerald-green dress robes, Sirius thrust a corsage at her rather stiffly. "Got you this," he said.

She looked at the flower, then back at him, but didn't take it. "Why?"

"Damn it, Delacroix, you're my date to this bloody thing. Just take the damn flowers," he said, thrusting the corsage at her more insistently. "And I'm still expecting that post-party foot massage," he added as she took the corsage and slipped it around her wrist.

"So long as we don't have to engage in coitus," she answered, slipping her hand through his proffered arm as they made their way up the staircase.

* * *

When James and Lily entered the banquet hall -- which Slughorn had adorned with a multitude of pastel-colored decorations, including several live rabbits enchanted to cycle through a rainbow of colors and bewitched to hop upside-down across the ceiling -- James quickly scanned the room for a glimpse of Sirius. Padfoot had told him about his plan to show up with Emilie to piss off Rosier's Slytherin gang, and he had promised to run interference, keeping Geoff as far on the other side of the hall as possible, but hadn't really believed Sirius could be stupid enough to go along with the Slytherin girl's crazy scheme.

And yet, moments later, he'd caught sight of the back of Sirius's dark haired head through the crowd, and beside him, in emerald green...

"Merlin's beard. I thought he was 

joking

."

"Thought who was joking?" Lily asked beside him, rising up on her toes to follow his line of sight through the crowd.

"Padfoot. He told me Emilie Delacroix asked him to come as his date so she could piss off Rosier... and judging by how Rosier seems about to shit himself with rage on the other side of the buffet, I'd say they've succeeded."

"

What

? Why didn't you tell me? If Geoff sees--"

"If I see what?"

As one, James and Lily turned to see Geoff enter the hall behind them, Wendy Slinkhard on his arm wearing a bland shade of beige.

"If you see that they're already playing your favorite song," Lily said hurriedly, grabbing Geoff's arm that wasn't holding Wendy's and beginning to pull them both toward the dance floor. "Come on, you don't want to miss it, do you?"

* * *

Peter Pettigrew had only just stepped inside the party when a hand grabbed him and pulled him over to the side. 

"You're going to do a little job for me," said Snape pointedly.

"Um... Severus, my date... you know Dorcas Meadowes..." stammered Peter, gesturing to the bored, homely girl trying her best to hold his arm without touching it. 

"You won't mind if we talk a moment, go on ahead to the buffet, I'm sure it will keep you occupied for a while," said Snape, eyes glinting. Dorcas Meadowes frowned at him, but headed off toward the food table eagerly all the same. Snape returned his attention to Peter. Peter trembled at the look in his eyes.

"What... what do you want, then?" he asked, trying to sound confident. Snape pulled a small vial from within his robes.

"A little insurance policy," he said, smirking.

* * *

Mariah wanted a drink like never before. A week shut up in her room crying, another catching up on all the work she'd missed, and the weekend in between spent making up with Kurt had left her spent. It didn't help that in all that time she had only spoken to Lily, the other Gryffindors mysteriously preoccupied whenever she entered the room. Remus would say hello sometimes, as would James if he was with Lily, but Sirius was still making a point to speak to her as little as possible, which made her all the more miserable.

At least Kurt was being pleasant. 

Mariah met him at the top of the Spiral Staircase and walked with him towards the fifth floor banquet hall, making no secret of her discontent.

"If I'm unresponsive by the end of the night, it will be a success, that's how drunk I want to be. Physically numb, like my soul," she said. 

"I'll make sure you to deliver your lifeless body back to bed," said Kurt obligingly. 

"My hero," said Mariah, leaning her head on his shoulder. 

They entered the party and headed for the buffet, waiting behind Dorcas Meadowes as she loaded up a second plate. Mariah was looking around the room. 

"There's Lily," she said, watching her friend waltz with James on the dance floor. 

"Did you want to join them?" asked Kurt. Mariah shrugged. 

"I don't really care," she said, eating a cream puff. She glanced away from the dance floor, looking around until she saw the punch bowl, and promptly spat the half-eaten creampuff out, nearly missing Dorcas Meadowes' white patent leather shoes. 

"Omgiuah," spluttered Mariah. Kurt looked at her in alarm. 

"What? What is it?" 

Mariah pointed, swallowing. "Sirius!"

* * *

"They're 

still

 at the bloody punch bowl," James muttered as he and Lily twirled around the dance floor. "Sirius said their deal was one cup of punch. Fifteen, twenty minutes tops."

"Go and hurry them along, if you're so anxious about it," Lily muttered back. "I 

still

 can't believe you didn't tell me about this. What was Sirius 

thinking

?"

"From what Moony told me, he wasn't."

"Moony knew about this, too?"

The waltz ground to a halt and the dance floor crowd offered the band a smattering of applause. Geoff and Wendy squeezed their way through the crowd to appear beside James and Lily.

"Wendy wants to go grab a drink -- anyone else?" Geoff asked.

"I'll get the drinks," James said, rather more forcefully than necessary, and disappeared toward the punch bowl before anyone could respond.

Geoff watched him disappear through the crowd and glanced sideways at Lily. "Is he all right?" he asked. "He seems a little... on edge."

"Just N.E.W.T.s," Lily said, her voice shriller than usual. "Oh, listen, the band's starting back up again, let's go--"

"Is that Sirius?" Geoff asked, interrupting her as he peered through the crowd. "It's not like him not to say hello, but I thought he wasn't in the Slug Club... who's his date?"

* * *

"One cup," restated Sirius, looking at Emilie pointedly. She nodded. Sirius filled two glasses and handed her one, downing his in one gulp. "Eurgh... not nearly strong enough," he said, pulling a face. He reached into his robes and withdrew a small bottle and poured the contents directly into his cup, slinging that one back as well. "Here." He tipped some into Emilie's cup. Emilie stared at it. Sirius dumped the rest of the bottle's contents into the punch bowl. "Can't leave these poor sods wanting either."

"Corsage... free liquor... You seem uncharacteristically generous tonight," said Emilie. 

"Madam, I am hurt that you don't appreciate my charitable soul... and I've got another bottle," said Sirius, patting his breast pocket confidentially. "Oh come on, Delacroix, drink up so we can--oh, hell."

"Hello, Sirius," said Mariah, grinning somewhat manically. "So... so much for fraternizing with the enemy, aye?" 

"Fuck off, Jaeger," said Sirius, grabbing Emilie's glass of punch and knocking that one back too, wiping his mouth on a sleeve of his robes. Kurt appeared at Mariah's side and poured her a glass. 

"After all the shit you gave me last fall?" she asked. "Noooo, I would 

never

 pass up an opportunity like this one."

"Mariah," said Kurt softly, handing her a glass, one hand returning to his robe pocket.

Mariah raised the glass to Sirius. "Looks like you're two faced on all accounts."

"You don't know what you're talking about," said Sirius.

Mariah frowned, setting her glass back down on the punch table. "I know you've been a right bitch lately. I don't know what your fucking problem is, but if you've got something to say, say it to my face and stop avoiding me like a damn coward! OUCH--Peter, that was my foot!"

"Sorry," mumbled Pettigrew, righting her knocked glass and reaching out to pour one for himself. Mariah watched him leave, still seething a little. 

"Don't make a scene, Mariah, you're being childish," said Sirius. Mariah frowned in outrage.

"

I'm

 being childish!?"

"And children shouldn't drink," said Sirius, snatching her glass away. "Here, drink this, and we're leaving," he said, shoving it into Emilie's hands. 

"You--"

"Emilie, would you mind returning that..." started Kurt softly.

"There's enough punch to go around, Lovell, Merlin's sake," Sirius sighed, rolling his eyes. "Come on." He grabbed Emilie's arm and led her away from the punch table...

...and directly into James Potter.

"One drink, Padfoot. Weren't those your 

exact

 words? 

One drink

?"

"As you can see, Prongs, the lady hasn't finished hers yet," Sirius said, gesturing at Emilie's.

"Did you do this to fuck with Geoff?" James demanded, ignoring Sirius and turning to Emilie. "Because he has gone through too much this year for 

this

--" he gestured at the pair of them "--to occur."

Emilie looked sharply at Sirius. "You didn't tell Geoff?"

"I didn't know I was supposed to!"

"He's your friend!" she shrieked.

"He's 

your

 boyfriend!" he shouted back.

"Sorry -- did you 

miss

 the past month and a half, because Geoff and I are 

not

--"

"Will you both just shut the fuck up?" James interjected. He thrust a finger toward the dance floor. "Geoff is over there, blissfully unaware of this fiasco that's happening right here, and we're all going to keep it that way. The Slytherins saw you two together, and that was the goal, right? There, charade over, go your separate ways, Geoff doesn't get hurt, everyone's happy."

Emilie scoffed. "Since when is James Potter the voice of reason?"

James closed his mouth and scowled. "You know what?" he asked. "Fine, you two are bringing a shit storm down upon yourselves, and far be it from me to stop you." He shoved past them and made his way to the punch bowl.

"He's right," Sirius muttered once James was out of earshot. "This whole thing is fucked. 

Did

 you do this to fuck with Geoff? Honestly."

"...a bit, yeah," she said. "Just to get his attention, I mean. Not to hurt him."

Sirius sighed. "Look, just -- I promised you one drink, so finish yours, and we'll call it--

fuck

."

Emilie followed Sirius's line of sight as he broke off sharply, only to see Geoff pulling Wendy through the crowd toward them. They were laughing, half-dancing their way through the throng of party guests; they hadn't seen Emilie and Sirius yet. "

Shit.

"

"Just toss the damn drink back, Delacroix!"

"I can't -- here, you take it--"

"No, it's yours--"

"Quit being fucking 

noble

, the deal's done. Get 

out

 of here--"

Geoff and Wendy were getting closer. Geoff had caught sight of Sirius and raised a hand to wave, a broad grin still plastered across his face. His eyes slid to the left to see who Sirius's date was, and the grin flipped to a scowl almost instantly. The hand that had been holding Wendy's arm released the Hufflepuff girl and balled itself into a fist at his side. "What the 

fuck

," Geoff demanded, coming to a stop in front of them, Wendy swept away in the crowd behind him as a conga line of Ravenclaws danced past. "What the 

fuck

."

"Geoff," Emilie started, stepping forward, "I can explain--"

"Really? Because there'd better be a goddamn fan-fucking-tastic explanation." Geoff's eyes darted to the cup of punch in Emilie's hand, and an instant later he'd snatched it away. "

Please

 don't tell me you've been drinking."

Sirius snatched the cup out of Geoff's hand and held it back out for Emilie to take. "What's it to you if she's drinking? We just wanted to have a good time and piss off some Death Eaters."

"

She's

 a Death Eater, Sirius!"

Emilie ignored the proffered cup and Geoff's interjection. "I'm not stupid enough to be drinking," she said, scowling.

Geoff opened his mouth to say something else, but at that moment, Wendy emerged from the dance floor crowd and grabbed his arm. "Geoffy, let's get some punch," she said brightly. "And I saw Dorcas over by the buffet, we should go say hello..." Without waiting for an answer, she tugged him by the arm and yanked him away toward the refreshments.

* * *

"Did you do it?" asked Snape.

"Yes," said Peter. "But she didn't drink it." 

"What?" 

"Emilie Delacroix's got it now." 

"

Fuck

, why is Mariah Jaeger so hard to 

kill

?" muttered Snape, striding off into the crowd. 

Across the room under a cloud of fairy lights and butterflies, Kurt was watching Emilie Delacroix's glass very closely while Mariah double fisted the punch beside him.

"Can you believe him? I mean 

can

 you? After all that fuss he made. And he's been ignoring me for weeks." 

"Yeah, you've said," said Kurt distractedly.

"Who does he think he is coming here with her. As if it doesn't matter anymore. I knew it, I knew he only liked me because you were interested." 

"Mmm," said Kurt, his attention now on Snape pushing through a conga line of students to reach Emilie. 

"But how could he go with 

Emilie

 of all people, I thought he 

hated

 her." 

"Yeah, crazy. I'll be right back," said Kurt, standing and making his way through the crowd. Mariah sat glumly staring after him. She drank one of her glasses and set it under the bench she was on, nursing the other. Taking a swig of that one, she got to her feet and, stumbling a little, made her way across the dance floor to where Lily stood talking to James. 

"...you did the right thing though, I mean, we can't always be fixing their problems--oh, Mariah..." Lily stopped as her friend staggered to a swaying stop in front of her. 

"Lily...why doesn'anyone like me any more?" asked Mariah, her eyes tearing over. 

"Ohhh my..." sighed Lily, patting her friend on the back. Mariah let out a sob. James rolled his eyes, and Lily gave him an apologetic shrug. Alice Prewett and Frank Longbottom waltzed into their circle, then. 

"Umm, not to interrupt, but have you seen what's going on by the punch bowl?" asked Frank.

"Frankly, Frank, I don't give a fuck what's going on by the punch bowl, because whatever it is is no longer my problem," said James angrily. Lily stood on her tiptoes best she could in heels to see over the crowd.

"Ohh dear… he found them..." she said, patting Mariah on the back somewhat robotically. 

"What's wrong with her?" asked Alice, looking at Mariah. Mariah turned around, face sloppy with tears.

"Nooobody loves me, Alice!" she cried, throwing herself into Alice's arms.

"Ohhh my..." said Alice, rubbing her back and exchanging grimaces with Lily. 

* * *

Kurt and Snape reached Emilie at the same time, but stopped as Sirius turned around, looking between the two of them with some confusion.

"...The fuck do you want?" he asked. Kurt and Snape exchanged looks, then glanced at the drink in Sirius's hand. They straightened.

"Nothing, enjoy your evening," said Kurt, Snape nodding in agreement beside him, and the two of them strode away. Sirius watched them go, frowning. 

"They're up to something," he muttered, glancing at the drink in his hand. "Probably pissed in it." He looked around and saw Rosier making out with Marcia Snook in the corner, both of their dates nowhere to be seen. He walked over and tapped Rosier on the shoulder.

"Can't you see I'm busy," asked Rosier, turning around. "The fuck do you want?" 

"You look dehydrated, have a drink," said Sirius, pushing the glass into Rosier's free hand (the other was very obviously cupping Marcia Snook's left breast under her robes). Sirius turned and walked back to Emilie without further explanation. 

Rosier stared at the drink in his hand, then at Sirius's retreating back. 

"What is it?" asked Marcia Snook, annoyed at the lack of attention. 

"He's up to something," said Rosier, examining the contents of the drink in the light. "Probably pissed in it." He looked around, released Marcia's breast, and walked off into the crowd.

Geoff looked around at the tap on his shoulder to see Rosier standing there. He raised an eyebrow. "The fuck do you want?" he asked.

"Have a drink, mate," said Rosier, shoving the drink at Geoff before walking off. Geoff stared after him, but Wendy Slinkhard cleared her throat, drawing his attention back to her. 

"

I

 wouldn't mind some punch," she said pointedly. 

"Er, yeah, sure," said Geoff. Wendy took the glass eagerly and downed its contents. 










Chapter 27: Fifteen Minutes
    




Chapter Text

"You put actual 

poison

 in, Severus?" 

"Like 

you

 were supposed to do. I doubt the addition of the sleeping solution will make any difference, though," said Snape, scowling. Kurt waved an arm at the dance floor. 

"Do you not see how many witnesses there are? And Slughorn's the 

potions

 professor, you think he won't be able to tell he's been poisoned?" he asked.

"With any luck the sleeping solution you used will provide a nice cover up, but you never know," said Snape. "Of course, you know I will be informing the Dark Lord of your decision to alter the plan." 

"Do you think he'll be displeased with this particular development?" asked Kurt. Snape opened his mouth to reply, then hesitated.

"...I mean, it isn't the original plan. He might be displeased with that..." 

"Will he though?" asked Kurt. He and Snape looked back across the dance floor to where Sirius stood next to Emilie. 

"I guess we'll find out," said Snape, crossing his arms.

"How long do we have?" 

"Fifteen minutes at most."

* * *

"It's okay, Mariah," repeated Lily for the umpteenth time. Mariah sniffed.

"It's not okay, Lily! Everything is stupid!" she slurred pathetically. 

"How many has she had?" asked James, resting his head in his hands as they sat on the wallflower benches. Lily shrugged, looking at Mariah.

"Mariah, maybe you should go to bed. You've had too much to drink."

"No… no. Why should 

I

 go to bed? After the number of times 

he's

 been a mess? 

He

 should go to bed! I don't ever see you trying to put him to bed!" said Mariah, face suddenly dry. 

"That's because he has no dignity, sweetheart," said Lily sympathetically, patting Mariah on the shoulder. James looked at Lily strangely, but she just shrugged. 

"...Where the fuck is Kurt? He's just been so 

weird

 lately..." muttered Mariah. She shot to her feet suddenly and almost toppled into the snack table, but set off at such a businesslike pace that Lily had no time to steady her. She looked around at James. 

"...I kind of want to go to bed," she said.

"Let's evacuate before this time bomb explodes," said James. "I've got a bottle of Firewhiskey with your name on it back in the dormitories. Oi! Frank!" 

Frank Longbottom stopped at the call halfway to the punch bowl and walked over. 

"Lily and I are leaving. This place is kind of a mess. Let us know if anyone dies," said James, standing with one arm around Lily's waist. Frank saluted shortly, heading back towards the punch table. 

* * *

Mariah pushed her way through the crowd, looking for Kurt, but happened upon Sirius by the punch bowl instead. She promptly slapped him in the face.

"Owww, 

fuck

! What was that for!?" cried Sirius. 

"How could you, Sirius! You don't even like her!" said Mariah furiously. 

"What the bloody hell does that matter!?" 

"Because it does!" declared Mariah, stumbling a little. Sirius rolled his eyes. 

"Mariah, I know this is 

news

 to you, but you and I, we -- are -- not -- dating. So I can do whatever the hell I please, can't I?"

"It was fine when it was Gwenog Jones and all the rest! Everyone knows you're in and out of them like a drive-in movie theater!"

"A what--?"

"But you can't go with 

her

! She's a person!" Mariah was tearing up again fast, her hand shaking as it clutched a glass of punch. 

"I wonder how your 

boyfriend

 feels about all this," said Sirius pointedly. 

"Oh come 

on

, Sirius, like that ever mattered to you before! How come you never talk to me any more? You never even bother me! You used to bother me all the time..."

"Mariah, you don't need any more, you're drunk. Go to bed," said Sirius, trying to take her glass, but she pulled it back. 

"Stop telling me to go to bed! I'll never go to bed!" shouted Mariah. She threw the punch back, getting most of it on her robes rather than in her mouth. A gaggle of Slytherin fourth-years edged away, shooting her dirty looks.

Sirius ran a hand down his face and handed her a napkin, which she used to get the punch out of her eyes. He glanced around and saw Kurt heading towards them. 

"Great, good job being attentive there," he said, gesturing at Mariah, who glared. Kurt ignored him, taking out his wand and quickly removing the stains from Mariah's robes. 

"Come on, Mariah," he said, "let's get you another drink." 

"Are you serious?" asked Sirius, watching Kurt fill another glass. "She's practically falling over."

"

You're

 falling for her!" countered Mariah. Kurt steadied her and handed her the punch, glancing at Sirius. 

"Because you're so obviously the voice of reason right now," he said, raising an eyebrow. Sirius made a move, but Frank Longbottom grabbed his arm at the last minute. 

"Woah, there, Sirius. It's not worth it," he said. Sirius looked back at Kurt, who smirked and turned Mariah around, leading her away from the punch table.

Sirius put his hands to his face. 

"Fuu

uuck!

" he shouted into his palms. He grabbed a glass, downed it, and grabbed two more, returning to where Emilie was seated beside the dance flor and dropping himself into a chair beside her. "Here, piss-free punch," he said sourly, offering her one of the cups. "They can't have pissed in the whole bowl, right?"

Emilie ignored the cup, her arms folded firmly across her chest as she glared across the dance floor at Geoff and Wendy. The Hufflepuff girl was beaming as she danced an approximation of a foxtrot, but the lanky Gryffindor's scowl from earlier was still firmly fixed on his features. "Asks for an explanation and doesn't even wait to hear one. What an absolute 

cunt

."

"Have a drink, you'll feel better," Sirius said, swirling the contents of the cup to tempt her.

"And then he just -- just goes right back to dancing with 

her

. Like he doesn't even 

care

."

"Oh, he cares," Sirius assured her, taking a sip of his own drink. "Had to talk him out of asking you."

Emilie's head swiveled around. "You 

what

?"

"Have a drink," he said. "You'll feel better."

She knocked the drink out of his hand, ignoring his strangled cry of protest as the alcohol spilled across the floor. "I can't drink, Black, I'm 

pregnant

!" She stood and stormed off across the dance floor, ignoring the startled looks of several Hufflepuff girls, leaving Sirius gaping after her, open-mouthed as she made a beeline for Geoff and Wendy.

She saw Wendy's smile falter as she approached. "Geoffy, she's back--"

Emilie grabbed at the sleeve of his robe and attempted to pull him aside. "A word, 

Geoffy

?"

"No," he said, wrenching his arm free. "First, you lie to me about your Mark. Then you tell me you're pregnant, but won't even give me the time of day."

The apprehension melted off of Wendy's face. "You're pregnant? Congrat--"

"Shut up, Wendy," Geoff snapped. The look of apprehension returned to the girl's face as her date rounded back on Emilie to continue his tirade. "Then you show up to this party with 

Sirius

, of all people--"

"I can explain that," Emilie interjected. "If you'd just let me--"

"Please! Miss Delacroix, Mr. Mansfield, please, control yourselves!" boomed Slughorn. The party had gone silent at the series of arguments taking place, and Slughorn looked frazzled that his Easter party was not all bunnies and rainbows as he'd intended. "Now, is this any way for young ladies and gentlemen to behave? I know this is a party, but let's all try to maintain some sense of--"

He broke off abruptly as Wendy made an odd sort of hiccoughing noise, swaying dangerously on the spot for a moment before coughing loudly, sending a spray of blood and bile all over the dance floor and collapsing in a heap on the floor. The Hufflepuff girl began to writhe on the ground, spluttering and convulsing, her limbs shaking uncontrollably as she continued vomiting.

"Good heavens!" Slughorn cried. "What is the meaning of--Filch? Mister Filch! Yes, do run down to my storeroom and fetch me my black case? Double-quick, now! You--" he went on, thrusting a finger at a nervous-looking Hufflepuff girl "--run to the Hospital Wing, tell Madam Pomfrey to prepare a bed--quickly, now!"

Before the boy had even made it out of the hall, Filch had returned with Slughorn's case, breathing heavily from his sprint to Slughorn's office and back. The potions master quickly opened the case and pulled out a small vial, which he uncorked while directing two other students to hold Wendy still. "That's it, gently now..." he said, pouring the contents of the vial into Wendy's open mouth. Immediately, the girl went limp. "That should buy us time, but I'm afraid she isn't out of the woods yet. Madam Pomfrey will need to see her straight away," Slughorn went on, drawing his wand and levitating Wendy from her place on the floor. "The rest of you -- there will be 

dire

 consequences when I determine who was responsible for this, mark my words!"

The crowd of onlookers parted to allow Slughorn and Wendy's limp, floating body a passage through the banquet hall and out into the corridor. Following his departure, an uneasy silence filled the room. Gradually, students began filing out of the hall, some shooting accusatory looks at their peers, others looking nervous, still more mystified by what had happened. Within minutes, the hall was all but empty.










Chapter 28: Walls
    




Chapter Text

Kurt watched them carry Wendy out, then found his eyes meeting those of Snape across the room, looking equally confused and angry. 

"What happened to her? Too much to drink?" asked Mariah, hiccuping. 

"Couldn't tell you," said Kurt. "Come on, let's go."

He pulled her to her feet a bit rougher than she would have liked and escorted her out into the hallway as the other students began filing out. 

"Kurt, a word," said Snape, exiting behind them. Kurt followed him down the hallway without a backward glance. Mariah watched him, go, frowning, but turned as she saw Sirius exit the banquet hall.

He groaned when he saw her. "Don't," he said.

"Where's Emilie?" she asked derisively.

Sirius sighed, rubbing his eyes. "I don't know, Mariah. Can you just not, please, I've had a long night."

"Oh I'm so sure. All snuggled up with Emilie Delacroix, dancing the night away," shot Mariah.

"I'm not even sure we danced 

once

!" He walked down the hallway and sat on a bench, putting his hands to his head. 

"What's the matter with you? You're usually so 

charming

 when you're wasted. Where's that charm now, huh?" asked Mariah, hiccuping her punctuation. 

"I'm in shock."

"In shock?"

"Yeah, it's what happens when you find out the girl you took to the dance is 

pregnant

," said Sirius pointedly. Mariah gaped, extremely hurt. 

"

ALREADY, SIRIUS?

 You couldn't keep it in your pants for two hours!?" she cried. Sirius put his hands over his face again. 

"No, Mariah, no... no..." But Mariah was already crying.

"How could you? I thought you hated her! And then you just turn around and... and..."

"Fuck, Mariah, it's not 

mine

, it's 

Geoff's

! Who do you think I am? And again, 

we are not dating

!"

"That never used to matter to you!" said Mariah, wiping her eyes. "But now it's like we're not even friends."

"Mariah..."

"Why don't you like me anymore?" asked Mariah sadly. Sirius stared at her. 

"Because I gave up, Mariah. 

Fuck

," he said, throwing his hands up. "Merlin knows you've made it hard enough. And now here you are asking why I don't like you while you wait for your boyfriend. Come on, what are you doing?" 

Mariah looked at her feet. "I..."

"What's this, then?" asked Kurt. Mariah jumped. She hadn't even noticed him. Kurt looked from Mariah to Sirius, who scowled back at him. 

"Nothing," Sirius said.

"Nothing?" asked Kurt, stepping closer. "If I haven't said it before, I'll say it now. Mind your own business."

"Same to you," said Sirius, turning and walking away before Kurt could reply.

"Come on, let's go," said Kurt, taking Mariah's arm and leading her away from the party.

They walked in silence, Kurt moving rather quickly. Mariah hiccuped every few breaths and stumbled. 

"Kurt, slow down," she grumbled. He didn't answer her. It was only when they reached the staircase and he started to descend that she jerked her arm away, stumbling backward. Kurt rolled his eyes. 

"Mariah, come on."

"Where are we going?" she asked. 

"The dungeons, my dormitory," he said.

"I don't... I think I should go back to Gryffindor Tower," said Mariah. 

"I'll walk with you," said Kurt.

"No... I think I'll go by myself," said Mariah, starting up the stairs.

"Oh come on, Mariah, is this about Black? You still let him get to you too much, when are you going to leave him behind?" asked Kurt. Mariah turned.

"You know what, somehow I feel like I've left a lot of things behind lately, and I don't think I have much to show for it." She hiccuped, somewhat negating her serious tone, but with that, she turned and made her way up the stairs.

Kurt blinked, not sure what to say. He wasn't sure what to feel. Words floated to his brain.

"So what, you're saying you don't want to be with me anymore?" he called after her.

"I don't even think there's a lot of you left to be with these days," said Mariah, not turning around. 

"What does that mean?" 

"It means I think you're a fuckwit!" Mariah shouted back. 

* * *

Geoff stood transfixed to the spot, staring at the pool of blood that marked the place where Wendy had collapsed onto the floor. He stirred slightly as Emilie touched his elbow.

"Geoff," she said quietly, "we need to talk."

"Is this 

really

 the time?" he said, turning to glare at her. "Wendy almost 

died

. I don't think this is the best--"

"When, then?" Emilie shot back. "You've been avoiding me for over a month now. You really think we'll talk over the Easter holidays? Or maybe afterward, when we have N.E.W.T.s to worry about? We need to talk 

now

."

Geoff sighed, raising a hand to push his red hair back from his face. "Fine. You're right. This thing isn't going to go away, so let's talk."

"This 

thing

?" Emilie asked, her cheeks flushing as she gestured to her abdomen. "Do you mean our 

baby

?"

"No! I mean yes. I mean... 

this

," he amended, gesturing to the air between them. "This... whatever this is. Was. Between us. Including the baby." He groaned and pressed a hand over his eyes, trying to organize his thoughts as he ignored the dull throbbing in his temple. "Can we start with... not the baby?" he asked, lowering his hand from his face. His eyes fell upon the blood and bile on the floor before darting over to a group of sobbing Hufflepuff girls who were still huddled in the corner of the hall. "And talk... not here?"

"Fine," Emilie said shortly. "Follow me."

They made their way briskly out of the hall and down several corridors, past the thinning crowd of students that had been in attendance at the party until they found an out-of-the-way alcove that wasn't occupied by a snogging couple.

"For starters," Geoff said, "why did you come with Sirius tonight? Why did he even ask you?"

"

I

 asked 

him

," Emilie corrected. "Rosier thought I couldn't get a date, I'd heard you were going with Wendy... there weren't a lot of options left, so I picked the one I thought would get your attention. It didn't work out like I'd planned."

"I don't think tonight worked out like 

anyone

 planned," he said, frowning. "Why did someone poison Wendy?"

"I don't know," Emilie admitted. "I think that was a mistake."

"So you're telling me someone 

else

 was supposed to die tonight? 

Who?

"

"I don't know! In case you haven't noticed, I'm not exactly popular with my House any more -- 

assuming

 it was one of them who poisoned the punch. Everything is strictly on a need-to-know basis, and that was apparently something they decided I didn't need to know. I don't know who poisoned the drinks, and I don't know who was supposed to drink it, but unless Wendy has some murderous enemy out there, I think I'm safe in saying she wasn't the target."

Geoff narrowed his eyes at her suspiciously and pressed his lips into a thin line. "If you're lying to me--"

"I'm not lying," she said, stamping her foot. "Since when do you care about Wendy Slinkhard, anyway, 

Geoffy

?"

"I 

don't

," he said. "Ever since we slept together, she thinks--"

"You 

slept

 with 

Wendy Slinkhard

?"

"That's beside the point! I had to do 

something

 to convince Sirius I was trying to move on so he'd shut the hell up about you! I don't care a whit about Wendy, I care that there's a 

murderer

 wandering around! And if we're being honest, that murderer probably has the same Mark on his arm that you do!"

"You know, Geoff, I'd have expected this from Sirius, but not from you. How long did you fight with him to convince him I wasn't like the rest of them? And now here you are, accusing me of trying to kill Wendy!"

"I'm not 

accusing

--"

"Yes! You are! You're saying her would-be killer probably has 

this

--" she yanked back the sleeve of her robes, baring the skull and snake on her forearm "--on his arm. Well, surprise! I've still got it on mine, so I could be one of those murderers trying to go around and poison frumpy Hufflepuff sluts! That's what you're saying!"

"It's not -- that's not what I--"

"Do you think I 

wanted

 to get this? Do you think I would have if I'd had a 

choice

? All year, you've blamed me for 

everything

 that's gone wrong. You didn't want my help after Rosier tried to snap your wand in half because I was 'like him.' You accused me of being a Death Eater after the raid that killed your parents because I was friends with people in my own House. It took some fuckfest of a potions mixup and me getting chased halfway across the grounds and 

beaten

 for you to realize I 

wasn't

 one of them. And then--"

"And then you 

did

 become one of them!" he yelled, thrusting an accusatory finger at her forearm. 

"To protect myself!" she yelled back, letting her sleeve drop. As she folded her arms across her chest, for the first time since they'd left the party, he realized she was crying, tears rolling down her cheeks as her shoulders shuddered with each sob. A moment of silence passed between them. "You can't imagine what it's like," she said, quieter. "Kneeling in front of the Dark Lord, with your whole family and everyone you've ever known around you, all saying how 

proud

 they are, cheering you on as you and all the kids you used to hunt mokes and jarveys with in the woods are waiting for him to brand you because you're not kids any more, you're 

soldiers

 in this fucking 

war

 that you didn't even realize you'd signed up for. And then you come back to school and have to lie to the one person you care about most because it would destroy him to know you were one of

them

, and when you finally work up the nerve to tell him, everything goes to absolute shit and you don't have a chance to explain, and then--"

"You had a 

choice

, Emilie! You didn't have to fucking 

kneel

 and get that -- that fucking 

thing

 on your arm. You could have left like Sirius, and--"

"Yeah, well, that's the difference between us, isn't it? Sirius, in Gryffindor, so brave and daring, fearlessly cutting himself off from his family and defying the Dark Lord because that's the Gryffindor thing to do. And me, in Slytherin, doing what it takes to keep myself alive. Do you honestly think a blood traitor from the noble and most ancient house of Black is going to go unnoticed? All Sirius did was put himself -- and everyone around him -- in danger. I did what I had to in order to protect myself."

Geoff tried to swallow, and realized his mouth had gone dry. "Emilie... I didn't think--"

"Yeah, you didn't think, did you? Never did. Anything else you wanted to know, while I'm baring my soul?"

Geoff opened and closed his mouth several times, searching for words. "Have you... decided what to do about...?" he asked finally, gesturing in the general direction of her stomach.

Emilie stared at him coldly. "It's not 

my

 decision to make," she said. "It's 

ours

."

He looked away from her, his eyes fixing on an indistinct spot on the floor as he considered. When he looked back up at her, her shoulders had stopped shaking, but her cheeks were still glistening in the dim light in the corridor as she continued glaring at him. "I don't suppose--" he started, but broke off. He took a breath, and tried again. "I can't imagine your family would be... pleased," he said.

"Pleased that their unwed daughter was carrying the bastard child of a Muggle-loving blood-traitor? They'd be ecstatic."

"So keeping it is out of the question, then," he said. "Right?"

For an instant, he thought he saw her expression soften -- or perhaps it was just the flickering torchlight -- but then he was sure he was mistaken. "Absolutely."

"Then... I guess the rest is up to you," he said. "I wouldn't want you to do anything you're not... comfortable with. Whatever that may be."

"Right."

Another pause as they both lapsed into silence, both looking at indistinct spots on the floor, neither daring to meet the other's eyes. Geoff glanced back up at the girl in front of him and saw that she had begun crying again, her upper body trembling as she kept her arms wrapped tightly around her middle. In an instant, everything that had happened fell away, and he saw her for what she was: scared, alone, pregnant with his child. If she had been unpopular with her own House before, showing up with Sirius to Slughorn's party would surely cast her out of their circle completely -- and for what, just to get his attention? Hesitantly, he took a step forward and reached out a hand to touch her arm. She shuddered and withdrew from his touch, her green eyes flicking upward to meet his brown ones.

"Emilie, I--"

"Goodbye, Geoff," she said, and turned to hurry away down the corridor, leaving him alone, one hand still outstretched.

* * *

Sirius was still seething long after Kurt and Mariah's voices had faded away down the corridor. He was walking aimlessly, with no real intention of heading directly back to Gryffindor Tower -- Kurt and Mariah would likely be heading to one of their two common rooms sooner rather than later, and he wasn't keen on being present when they arrived. He had just decided that he'd wandered long enough and was about to head up to the tower when he heard a rather choked, sobbing noise coming from through an ajar classroom door. Probably just a weepy third-year shaken up by Slughorn escorting Wendy's body out of the hall, he told himself, and yet, there was something vaguely familiar about the stifled sobs.

As quietly as he could, he pushed the door open a bit more and poked his head in. Emilie was seated at a desk near the front, her face buried in her folded arms as she cried. "Delacroix?"

She looked up at his voice and wiped her nose on the sleeve of her robes. "Go away," she said stuffily.

"Don't be like that," he said. He reached into the breast pocket of his dress robes and pulled out his second bottle of firewhiskey. "Have a drink, you'll feel better."

"I'm 

pregnant

, Black."

"I'm 

sorry

, I 

forgot

. But listen," he said, throwing an arm around her shoulders and taking a swig from the bottle, "you and me, we just alienated all our friends. We're all each other's got in this cold, cruel world."

She huffed. "That's comforting."

"Besides," he added, "I believe our deal included a complimentary post-party foot massage?"

* * *

"Honestly, you really didn't have to walk me all the way down here."

"Now, what kind of chivalrous Gryffindor would I be if I didn't walk a girl home? And a pregnant girl at that. Listen, since you're eating for two, I'll be drinking for two, so your share doesn't go to waste. How's that? I'm such a nice guy. It's a wonder lovely ladies like yourself don't just throw themselves at me. You and that bitch Mariah've got to be the only two women in this school immune to my siren charms."

Emilie rolled her eyes, stopping short in front of a stretch of empty wall. "This is it," she said.

Sirius took another swig and blinked blearily at the wall. "How can you tell? It looks like every other bit of wall in this bloody castle. Took us a bloody enchanted map to find it last time."

"

Redcap,

" Emilie said, and the wall panel slid aside with a groan, revealing the passage into the Slytherin common room. She took a step toward the passageway, then hesitated. "Thanks, Black," she said, "for going with me tonight. It was... interesting."

"Yeah, don't mention it," he said. "I mean, things went a little sideways for a bit, and the whole thing was fucked from the start, but I think it turned out all right. I got fucking 

hammered

, Mariah got fucking 

trashed

, James is getting fucking 

laid

, you got fucking 

pregnant

--" He staggered sideways for a moment, but recovered quickly. "Should name your kid after me, since everyone thinks I'm the dad and all--"

"Literally no one thinks that."

"Sirius Orion Black," he yelled, "that's me. And -- and Sirius Orion Delacroix, that's going to be your kid."

She shushed him and pulled him inside the open wall panel as the faint sound of Filch's voice drifted down from a nearby stairwell. The wall slid shut and they listened in the darkness as Filch's voice and footsteps faded away on the other side of the panel, Emilie's hand pressed firmly over Sirius's mouth to keep him from yelling. With a sudden cry of disgust, she drew her hand back and wiped it on her robes. "What the 

hell

 was that?"

"You were impeding my ability to imbibe, madam," he said, draining the last of his bottle.

"Was that your 

tongue

?"

"Just a sample of my... linguistic abilities."

"You are 

vile

. It's a wonder anyone would ever fall for your 'siren charms.'"

"You're no walk in the park yourself, Delacroix," he said, upending the bottle to check for any last missed drops. "And let's talk about your taste in men. You could've had your pick of any of the most eligible pureblood bachelors in this place, and you go for Geoffrey the Ginger Giant? I mean, granted, the rest of them are all absolute cunts, and I salute you for not dating a cunt. Well, learning from your mistakes of dating cunts. Evan Rosier, 

really

? I mean, Geoff's got a heart of gold and the softest lips I've ever--"

"Wait, how do you know--"

"The point is," Sirius said loudly, changing tack, "you're lonely and scared and having a goddamn 

baby

 and Geoff is doing fuck-all about it because he's scared shitless about it because there's a fucking 

war

 on and you're a fucking 

Death Eater

 for Christ's sake, but even through all that, you're still going to be a fucking great mom to that kid because you'd fucking 

kill

 a man if that's what it took to keep your -- your 

people

 alive, and I can respect that. And 

furthermore

--"

He was interrupted by Emilie's lips on his. When she drew away a moment later, he saw that she was crying again. He pursed his lips and watched her for a moment through narrowed eyes as she buried her face in her hands, then finally said, "I'm very confused."

"That was... the 

nicest

 thing..." she choked out, her words muffled by her hands. "You have 

no idea

..."

"It -- it wasn't, really," he said. "I think I called you a murder--"

"Shhh," she said suddenly, pressing a finger to his lips. "Don't ruin it. It was so 

nice

. Just come on. I owe you that post-party foot massage. And anyway, you would never make it back to the tower in this state. I'm pretty sure you fell down that last flight of stairs, there's no way you'd make it back up them."

"No pressure to engage in... whatsit... coinage?"

"Coitus. And none whatsoever."

She grabbed him by the arm and pulled him down the passageway to the common room, where a handful of Slytherins were sprawled across the most comfortable of the couches, most of them already asleep or nearly so, except for one couple in the corner who were kissing sloppily and doing something frantic under each other's robes. Just as they were approaching the staircase leading down to the girl's dormitories, Sirius stopped short.

"Doesn't it turn into a slide?"

Emilie stopped and dropped his arm. "What?"

"The stairs. In Gryffindor the girls' stairs turn into a slide."

The Slytherin girl considered this for a moment. "The stairs go 

down

, Black. A slide would just get you to where you were going faster. Besides," she added loftily, beckoning him onward as she headed down the stairs, "I expect Salazar figured his students were ambitious enough to get what they were after, with or without security measures."

Sirius shrugged to himself and followed her to a door labeled 

Seventh Year Girls

. He followed her into the dormitory and flopped down on the bed nearest the door as Emilie drew the curtains around the four-poster.

"Doesn't take much for you to make yourself at home," she said.

"What can I say, surrounded by ostrichageous green shit, makes me feel like I'm back at Mum's," he said.

"I think the word you're looking for is 'ostentatious,'" she said as Sirius kicked off his shoes and adjusted the numerous feather pillows against the headboard. The dimly lit dormitory spun slightly as he watched the Slytherin rummage through her trunk briefly before turning her back on him and pulling her dress robes over her head. He caught a brief glimpse of the silhouette of her breasts as she bent to pick up the nightdress she'd extracted from the trunk, but an instant later she'd slipped the nightdress over her head and seated herself on the foot of the bed, grabbed one of his feet and pulling off his sock. She did likewise with the other one, and they lapsed into silence for a time as she began kneading the bottom of his foot.

By the time she'd finished rubbing his left foot, he'd drifted off to sleep and was snoring lightly, but stirred as she switched to his right foot, opening his eyes to peer down at her through the darkness.

"I still hate you, by the way," he said, settling himself back into the pillows.

"Likewise," she answered, smirking up at him. She turned her attention back to his feet. "You really need to do something about your cuticles down here."

"Excuse me for not getting regular pedicures. Nail technicians are in short supply. There's a war on, in case you didn't know."

"Is there?"

"

Fuck

, it's a 

foot

, not a tit, you don't have to squeeze it so hard, Delacroix." He propped himself up on his elbows, significantly more awake. "Not that I don't believe Geoff, but have you really got..." He inclined his forehead in the general direction of her left arm.

"You tried to convince him for so long I was one of them, and now that he says I am, you don't believe him?" she asked. She tutted at him disapprovingly. "How the tables have turned."

"A lot of shit went down that night. Just wondering if he actually saw--" He broke off as she released his foot, extending her arm so the slender red lines of the skull and snake were plainly visible in the dim, greenish light. "Oh," he said, dropping from his elbows to recline against the pillows and close his eyes again as Emilie resumed massaging his foot. "Guess I was right about you after all, Delacroix. Nothing but a murderous, Muggle-killing psychopath."

"Most people run from murderous, Muggle-killing psychopaths, you know," she said.

He cracked one eye open. "Yeah, but I'm safe. Noble and most ancient house of Black, remember?" he asked, pointing at himself. "You'll need me to repopulate the world after you're done killing all the Muggles."

"That's what Regulus is for," she said, releasing his foot and standing as he made a noise of disgust. "Only joking. I wouldn't touch that with a bargepole."

"One thing we have in common," he said. "Where're you going?" he added as she walked to the next bed over and turned back the quilt, climbing in between the sheets.

"To bed," she answered. She nodded in the direction of the bed Sirius was sprawled out on. "That one's Marcia Snook's."

"

Snook the Snogger

!?" he exclaimed, scrambling to his feet. The room lurched violently as his feet hit the floor. "Why'd you let me lay there so long? No telling what I've caught."

"What do you think you're doing?" she demanded as he slid into bed beside her.

"Going to bed," he answered. "I know 

you're

 clean, or Geoff would've caught something. No telling what these other bitches have. Not willing to risk it."

She rolled her eyes and rolled over, turning her back on him. "Good 

night

, Black."

Sirius took a moment to fluff the pillow beneath his head, and yawned hugely. "I suppose since Geoff's already done his bit to ensure survival of the species, your lot will go ahead and off him," he said, settling himself more comfortably in the bed.

From the other side of the bed, Emilie muttered something that sounded like, "Over my dead body."

"Shove off. Don't tell me you actually 

care

." When she didn't answer, he turned his head sharply to look at her, but she hadn't budged, her back still firmly toward him. "Christ," he said. "You're actually in love with him." He heard her give a loud sniff from the other side of the bed. "Are you crying 

again

? Jesus, Delacroix, keep it togeth--"

"I'm pregnant! I'm hormonal! All I ever do these days is cry!" she said loudly, sitting up abruptly to glare down at Sirius, tears welling in her eyes. "You said it yourself, there's a war on, and I'm having a fucking 

baby

, and I gave up all my friends to be with Geoff, and now I'm trapped and I can't do anything but keep moving forward and hope I can keep my head above water and make it through this fucking thing on my own because Geoff doesn't give a damn about me any more, all because I was trying to protect myself and protect 

him

 because I love him and--"

She was silenced by Sirius pressing his fingers to her lips. "Shhhh, don't talk so much. You and baby Sirius'll be just fine. Fuckin' Slytherins do that. Be fine, I mean." He dropped the hand from her mouth and patted the pillow beside him. "C'mon, Em. Lay back down. Bed. Sleep. No pressure to coitus."

"No pressure," she said, settling back down beneath the blankets.

"No pressure," Sirius agreed.










Chapter 29: The Morning After
    




Chapter Text

It was morning. At least, judging by Sirius's raging headache and distinctly sour taste of morning-after alcohol on his breath, it was morning, but when he opened his eyes, the space between the closed curtains of his four-poster bed had an odd quality about it, an almost greenish tint to the light...

He scrambled out of the bed, nearly tripping over the bedsheets and curtains in his haste, and instantly wished he hadn't moved so quickly. He clapped a hand over his mouth both to keep himself from yelling and also to prevent himself from vomiting as his hangover protested against his sudden movement.

He wasn't in Gryffindor Tower. The emerald curtains hanging from each bed, the viridian rug covering the stone floor, the jade eyes of the serpent motifs carved into the bedposts, the greenish tint to the very air itself; all the signs pointed unmistakably to Slytherin. But if he was in the Slytherin dormitory, then that could only mean...

Hesitantly, he reached forward to pull back the curtains of the bed he'd just vacated. 

Don't be Snivellus,

 he thought, 

don't be Snivellus, don't be Snivellus,

 please

 don't be Snivellus...


At the first glimpse of the dark-haired girl still sleeping beneath the sage-colored sheets, he breathed a sigh of relief. At the second, panic swept over him. "

Fuck

," he breathed.

He let the curtains around the bed drop and quickly turned to the nearest trunk, opening it as quietly as he could and yanking out the first set of green and silver robes he could find, throwing them over his head, trying to remember what events had transpired the night before to bring him to his current predicament. He'd gone to the party with Emilie, like they'd agreed. They'd had their one cup of punch, like they'd agreed. They'd gone their separate ways after that, like they'd agreed -- hadn't they? Or 

hadn't

 they...

He frowned, trying to ignore his headache as he went to a mirror hanging over a basin in one corner of the dormitory, trying to comb his long hair to one side and make it lay flat. He remembered Mariah yelling at him by the punch bowl. He remembered James yelling at him on the dance floor. He

definitely

 remembered Lovell and Snape pissing in the punch bowl, and 

thought

 he remembered Emilie telling him she was pregnant -- or had it been Lily? Or maybe it was Geoff... or had Geoff told him 

Wendy

 was pregnant... but that brought him no closer to how he'd arrived in the dungeons. He gave up on his hair, and, content that he resembled his (admittedly far less attractive) younger brother enough to sneak past any hungover Slytherins who had collapsed in the common room, he headed out of the dormitory as quickly and quietly as he could.

Nearly every single one of the numerous sofas, armchairs, and chaises in the common room had at least one Slytherin strewn across it in varying states of undress, all of them still sound asleep. Sirius, unable to believe his incredible luck, tiptoed across the room to where he spied his brother sitting stiffly upright in an armchair sleeping. After quickly tying Regulus's shoelaces together, Sirius continued his perilous journey through the room and for a moment believed he would actually escape unnoticed--

Until he tripped over Edwin Mulciber, who had seemed to have collapsed as soon as he'd entered the common room, sprawled as he was across the steps leading to the passageway back into the dungeon corridor. Mulciber groaned and rubbed at his face, groggily cracking open one eye. "Oy, watch it, Black," he grunted. "Where're you off to so early?"

Thinking quickly, Sirius adopted the most Regulus voice he could muster. "Library. Heard a fascinating story about Vincent Duc de Trefle-Picques's role in the Goblin Rebellion of the eighteenth century last night and wanted to follow up on it. Did you know that most magical historians believe him to be the fourth great-grandson of Linfred of Stinchcombe, who's actually a distant cousin of Egbert the Egregious, and 

Egbert

 is the--"

Mulciber groaned again and lowered his head back to the floor, closing his eyes. "Just go on, Black, and shut up about your fucking History of Magic..."

Sirius breathed a sigh of relief, scrambled the rest of the way up the steps, and down the passageway back into the corridor, hurrying through the Entrance Hall and up several flights of stairs as quickly as he could, determined to make it back without anyone noticing him. Had he slept with Emilie? Knowing himself, there was little doubt. A week ago he would have said absolutely not, no matter how smashed he was, but somehow... somehow he had managed to find himself in her dormitory, tangled up in her bedsheets. He suddenly remembered her lips on his (they had been almost as soft as Geoff's, if memory served, and Sirius Black 

never

 forgot a kiss), and felt the pit of his stomach drop.

He was such an idiot. Geoff would never forgive him now.

He racked his brain, struggling once again to remember the events of the night before. He had gone to the party with Emilie... and then he had spiked the punch... and then Mariah had yelled at him. He paused. What had they even been yelling about? Hazy memories of a tearful, dark-haired girl shouting at him flitted through his mind. 

Why don't you like me anymore... Sirius, I'm 

pregnant

... How could you, Sirius, you don't even like her...


"Oh, fuck..." Sirius stopped dead in his tracks. Had... had 

Mariah

 told him she was pregnant? Was that why she had been so upset? "Oh, 

fuck

..." He frowned suddenly. They had never slept together. It couldn't be his baby, which meant it was... Lovell's. Is that what they had fought about?

"Great," muttered Sirius, sighing. It had been hard enough he had to pretend the past three months didn't even happen. Now this.

He took a deep breath when he reached the portrait hole, and stepped through. He just had to make it through the common room without being spotted, and then he could--

"Sirius," said Mariah from a squashy armchair near the fire. She looked as though she had slept there.

"

Fuck,

" muttered Sirius under his breath as she got up.

"I need to talk to you," she said. She didn't sound angry this morning, at least. "Listen, I... what are you wearing?" 

"Nothing," said Sirius confidently.

"Are those..." He saw her eyes widen as her confusion dwindled. She looked at him, then at the portrait hole, then back at him in the emerald green robes, narrowing her eyes. "Where were you last night?" 

"Asleep," said Sirius.

"Are those Emilie Delacroix's dress robes?" demanded Mariah, her voice significantly more high pitched than before.

Sirius raised his hands in a pacifying gesture, shushing her. "Keep your voice down, will you?" he hissed.

"

Did you sleep with her, Sirius?

" Mariah was no longer calm.

Sirius clapped a hand to his forehead. "I didn't know what I was doing." He rolled his eyes at the disgusted look that flitted across Mariah's face. "Oh, come on! I was sloshed!" 

"Yeah, well, so was I, but you don't see me sleeping with half the school!" said Mariah.

"That's not fair," Sirius said, his voice rising. "You've got a boyfriend, so it's not exactly the sa--"

"Not anymore," interrupted Mariah.

Sirius stopped and blinked several times. "What?" 

"I haven't got a boyfriend anymore," said Mariah slowly, frowning at him. "I ended it last night. Thought you might want to know, but I guess I was wrong."

"Wait, so... what about the baby?" Sirius asked.

"What 

baby

?" Mariah asked.

"Last night, you said--oh," Sirius broke off. Maybe it 

hadn't

 been Mariah... "Are you not...?"

Mariah scoffed, one hand defensively on her midriff. "Fuck 

you

, Sirius Black!"

"Oy! What's all the shouting about?" 

Sirius and Mariah turned to see that Geoff had appeared in the stairwell to the boys' dormitories, a tartan dressing gown thrown over his pajamas.

"Why don't you ask 

him

," Mariah said forcefully, thrusting an accusatory finger at Sirius. "He's rather fetching in his new dress robes, 

isn't he

?" She turned on her heel and stormed off up the staircase leading to the girls' dormitories.

"What--?" Geoff's eyes turned from the girls' stairwell to Sirius, and as he looked the dark-haired boy up and down, comprehension dawned. His lips pressed themselves into a thin line and color rushed to his cheeks, his ears turning nearly as red as his hair. "Tell me this isn't what it looks like," he said stiffly.

Sirius looked down at the emerald robes he was wearing, then back up at Geoff. "Geoff, listen to me, I was drunk. I didn't know what I was doing," he said, holding his hands up as though to steady the other boy's reaction.

Geoff turned on his heel and disappeared back up the boys' dormitory stairs. Sirius groaned again, louder, his hands clawed as he ran them through his hair.

"

All I wanted was to go to the party!

" he cried to the empty common room.










Chapter 30: Two Steps Back
    




Chapter Text

It had been nearly forty-eight hours since Sirius had arrived in the Gryffindor common room wearing Emilie Delacroix's dress robes. Mariah had spent all of her time with Lily, avoiding Gryffindor Tower, the boys, and Sirius as best she could. On the rare occasions that she and Sirius did cross paths while passing through the common room, Mariah would typically pretend as though Sirius did not exist. He tried to trip her once to see if she would give up the act, but she hexed him so badly he had had to go to the Hospital Wing to get his ears reattached. Geoff had also made a point of avoiding areas where he was likely to run into Sirius, spending hours at a time on the Quidditch pitch. For a few brief hours, Sirius thought that perhaps it would be like old times -- just Moony, Wormtail, Padfoot, and Prongs roaming the castle with no mention of girlfriends, Death Eaters, or the war -- but those dreams had quickly been dashed.

James was moody and put-out, and by the end of the first day had already abandoned their weekend wizard chess tournament to join Geoff down on the Quidditch pitch. Remus didn't seem to relish his chess victories over Sirius nearly as much as he had in the past, and once he'd retired to his copy of the 

Evening Prophet

 following his triumph in the tournament, he settled for giving Sirius the occasional disappointed look over the top of his newspaper. Peter alone seemed sympathetic to Sirius's plight, but even Wormtail's pity grew tiresome after a while, and Sirius soon found himself slipping out of the common room early in the morning, alone, to head down to the Great Hall for breakfast.

The train home for the Easter holidays would be leaving in just a few hours, and Sirius had never looked forward to getting away from school as much as he did now. For a castle its size, Hogwarts seemed terribly small when you wanted to avoid someone, and he was sure that a few blissful days away from Geoff's sullen scowls and Mariah's pouting would do them all some good. Truth be told, as much as Sirius hated the constant looks of disappointment and disdain from his friends, there was something else, deeper than their disapproval, that unsettled him, and he could not for the life of him put his finger on what it was. It kept him awake at night until he chalked it up to not knowing exactly what had happened the night of Slughorn's party.

Despite it still being rather early for breakfast, the Great Hall already had a fair number of students seated at the long tables, most of them chatting animatedly over heaping plates of sausage and toast, or laughing over their goblets of pumpkin juice. Sirius scoped out a spot at one end of the Gryffindor table, but just as he sat down and pulled a platter full of eggs toward himself, he caught sight of another solitary diner across the hall. Emilie had claimed one end of the Slytherin table for herself and was picking moodily at a piece of toast; judging by her stiff posture and the set of her jaw, she was determinedly ignoring whatever it was her Housemates were saying a short distance away.

Sirius picked up his plate and marched across the hall to the Slytherin table, determined to set the record straight.

Emilie glanced up at him briefly as he sat. "There's plenty of room at your own table," she said shortly, nodding in the direction of the red and gold banners on the other end of the room.

"Couldn't help but notice that you're eating alone," he said. "Thought you could use some company." 

Emilie didn't bother to respond, instead taking a bite of toast.

"Good to know things are all normal here and we still hate each other," he said. "Which, speaking of the current state of things," he went on, shoveling a forkful of eggs into his mouth, "I've been meaning to ask you a few questions."

She gave him a flat look. "Go on, then."

"First, are you, by any chance, pregnant?"

She cocked an eyebrow. "You're joking, right?"

Sirius frowned and looked down at his hands as he started counting on his fingers. "If 

you're

 not pregnant, and Mariah's not pregnant, that leaves... Lily... Wendy... Dorcas..."

"You 

can't

 be serious," she said loudly, slamming her fork down on the table, causing the other students nearest them to pause briefly in their conversations. "

I'm

 pregnant, remember?" she went on more quietly once the people around them had gone back to talking amongst themselves. "I must have told you half a dozen times Friday night. Was there anything else you needed?"

"Yeah, actually. Thanks to your foot sorcery, everyone's making it out like 

I'm

 the bad guy, but 

you

 were clearly the one who tricked me into--"

"Let me stop you right there," she said, cutting him off. "What exactly do you think happened after Slughorn's party?"

"All I know is I woke up the next morning in your bed and showed up in Gryffindor Tower wearing your robes. Through some very clever detective work and deductive reasoning on my part, I concluded that I must have done what I do best."

She scoffed and rolled her eyes, picking up her goblet. "Please, don't flatter yourself," she said. "I know Friday was a little weird and we ended up on good terms, but not 

that

 good."

"What, it wasn't good for you?" Sirius asked, adopting an injured look. "Sorry, next time I'll be sure to--"

"

Nothing happened, Sirius.

 Look, it was a rough night for everyone, but--" she broke off suddenly as a thought seemed to strike her. "Hang on... if you think we... who have you told?"

"I didn't 

tell

 anyone," he said defensively.

"Who thinks we slept together?"

"How should I know what anyone thinks!? All I did was show up in my common room wearing your robes, and everyone got pissed off!"

"Sirius Black, I am going to ask you one -- more -- time. Who thinks we slept together?"

"Let's see... Mariah," he said, ticking off names on his fingers. "Lily and James. Remus. Peter. Frank saw me, so I'd guess he told Alice, who would have told Marlene and Gwenog..."

Emilie frowned at him and folded her arms across her chest as he continued rattling off the names of half of Gryffindor House, deliberately omitting the one she was most concerned about. "Does Geoff think we slept together?" she asked flatly.

"Geoff thinks we slept together. Well, what was he supposed to think?!" he demanded as she groaned loudly, burying her face in her hands. "I show up at the ass-crack of dawn wearing green, Mariah's shouting at me and waking up half the bloody dormitory, and need I remind you that it was 

your 

idea to go to the party together, and I have no idea what happened that night, so I'd say he's got every right to think we shagged!"

"You want to know what happened? You walked me back to the dungeons after the party because you had to be a dashing, chivalrous Gryffindor, and then you couldn't make it back up the stairs, so you stayed the night. That's it. End of story."

Sirius frowned. "You kissed me, though," he said. "I remember that much."

"I didn't mean to. It was an impulse. Geoff and I'd had a row, and you were being so 

nice

... It was a mistake, and I take full responsibility for it, but believe me when I say nothing happened. Oh, and since you decided to borrow my green dress robes, when Edwin Mulciber saw you sneaking out of the girls' dormitory Saturday morning, he thought you were Regulus. Lucky you."

"Lucky?" Sirius asked. "

Lucky

? How is being mistaken for that bloody little 

toe rag

 'lucky'?"

"Because no one saw

 you

 leaving the Slytherin dormitory. There's no proof you were ever there. And trust me, a rumor that 

you

, of all people, spent the night in my bed is the 

last

 thing I'd want spread around."

The Gryffindor frowned, narrowing his eyes at her.

"Look, you did me a favor and went along with my terrible idea to go to the party together. This is me thanking you. Now we're square, and we can go back to hating each other while I sort out the mess I got myself into by asking you to go with me in the first place. Happy Easter," she added, standing and departing from the table.

Not keen on being left alone at the end of the Slytherin table, Sirius stood and did likewise, making his way back to the table for his own House, a considerable spring to his step now that he knew nothing had happened between him and Emilie.

He spotted Geoff sitting at the end of the Gryffindor table next to Remus, looking as though he hadn't slept very well, and made a beeline for him, grinning widely at him from across the table as he waited for him to look up from his porridge. When he finally did glance up at him, he immediately turned back to his breakfast without comment.

"Mansfield, guess what? I have great news," said Sirius, rocking back on his heels. Geoff didn't bother to look back up at him. Beside him, Remus was giving Sirius a look somewhere between encouragement, exasperation, and pity. Sirius went on despite their lackluster reactions. "Well, okay, I'll just tell you then. I didn't sleep with Emilie after all!" He flung out his arms as if to say 'ta-da.' Geoff still didn't look at him. "...Mansfield... Geoff, did you hear me? I didn't sleep with her... so you can stop ignoring me now."

Geoff's gaze remained fixed on his breakfast.

Sirius frowned, deflated. "Oh come on, this is what you were on about, wasn't it? Nothing happened, surprise, problem solved! The dream team lives again." He looked at Remus for support, but he just shrugged. Sirius groaned. "Come 

on

, Mansfield, what do you want from me?"

"Remus, would you please inform that irritating sound that if it values having its ears attached to its head it will leave me alone," said Geoff without looking up.

Remus looked at Sirius apologetically. "Geoff says that--"

"Yeah, yeah," said Sirius, rolling his eyes. He left them, returning to the far end of the table where the rest of the Marauders had taken their seats. Something deep inside him throbbed painfully just behind his heart, but he ignored it.

"Sirius, you should really just leave it alone," said James as Sirius sat beside him and loaded up a new plate. "Don't start stalking him like how you did Mariah in first term."

"I'm not... it's not the same thing... that's not what I'm doing!" said Sirius haltingly. "It's just he thought that... so I just thought I would... and then I thought he'd maybe..."

The other Marauders stared at him, eyebrows raised.

"I don't think I've ever seen you unable to speak," said Remus. "It's your favorite activity."

"Whatever," said Sirius bitterly. "I didn't sleep with Delacroix," he added as an afterthought.

"No?" asked James around a mouthful of bacon.

"She says we didn't, anyway. And she didn't have a drink all night," said Sirius.

"You know, you wouldn't have been in this mess in the first place if you hadn't had a drink all night either," said James a bit harsher than was necessary. 

Sirius frowned at him. "Oh, like you haven't had a few in your own time. The only reason you calmed down was because you got a 

girlfriend

. Who am I supposed to hang out with these days, huh? Maybe I've got all this drama now because my best friend's never around. No offense, Moony, Wormtail."

"None taken," said Remus flatly. Peter looked upset.

 James looked at Sirius, his expression softening. "I'm sorry. I guess I haven't really been thinking about it that way," he said.

Sirius straightened a little in his seat. "We good?" he asked.

James nodded. "We're good."

"Good, because I'm coming to your house for Easter," said Sirius, slouching again and returning to his food. 

* * * 

The train was waiting for them when they reached Hogsmeade. Mariah and Lily got their own compartment. The Marauders passed by and James waved to Lily, but they moved on without stopping. Mariah watched Sirius pass by the compartment window. He glanced at her, and she turned away, scowling. When she looked back, he was gone. 

"Git," she muttered under her breath. A minute later Kurt walked by with Emilie and Snape. Mariah stared at her hands. 

The train moved out of the station and soon there was a knock on their compartment door.

"Hey... can I join you? Everywhere else is full." It was Geoff.

"Sure," said Mariah, gesturing to the empty seat opposite her. Geoff sat and exchanged a grim look with Mariah before turning to look out the window. Lily looked from one to the other, then rolled her eyes.

"I swear, you two should each have your own telenovelas. Lighten up, will you?" she said, and then added, in a considerably brighter tone, "It's Easter! No classes for a week! Geoff, what are you doing for the holiday?" 

Geoff turned away from the window to give her a flat look. "I'm going to Claire's, where I'll probably sort through her dead husband's belongings and sell whatever she doesn't want to keep."

"Oh..." She faltered for a moment, but pressed onward. "Well... you'll get to see Claire, that's nice. I mean, how long's it been?"

"She's gone to visit family on the coast and spread Joel's ashes. I'll be home alone," he answered.

Lily quickly changed tack. "Oh... err -- Mariah, what about you?" 

"Well, Devon kicked me out, and my dad is still in the hospital, so I was going to ask if I could crash at yours," said Mariah.

"Sorry, Mariah, I thought I told you. I'm staying at James's for break," said Lily, her ears turning pink.

"Don't worry about it. I'll just book a room at the Leaky Cauldron. I'll be fine," said Mariah, turning back to the window.

"You could stay at Claire's if you wanted," Geoff offered. "She's got plenty of extra room."

"I might actually take you up on that, if you don't mind," said Mariah, her tone a shade brighter. "It'd be nice to have some company, right?"

"I suppose," said Geoff. 

"Well, good. That worked out well," said Lily, determined to create a positive space, despite the dead air that hung between the three of them. She shifted uncomfortably. "I'll... be right back, I want to ask James something." 

She stood and quickly stepped out into the hallway, making her way down to the other end of the train. 

James and the other Marauders had their own compartment almost all the way at the back of the train. Lily passed the food trolley, squeezing around the precarious boxes of chocolate frogs on the corner before reaching the compartment and sliding the door open to enter.

James and Remus were examining a 

Daily Prophet

 on one side while Sirius groaned in a corner, lying splayed across three quarters of the seat, his feet resting against Peter's lap, which was filled with candy from the trolley. Lily took a seat next to James, kissing him on the cheek and looking at the 

Prophet

 over his shoulder.

"No Muggle attacks this week," said James.

"That's good," said Lily.

"No wizard attacks either," said Remus. "It's suspicious, considering how much activity there's been lately."

Lily didn't respond, scanning the page with them as they turned to another spread. Sirius groaned again from the corner of the compartment. Lily glanced at him.

"What's wrong with you?" she asked. 

"I haven't been able to shake this feeling since we left school," said Sirius, not opening his eyes. 

"What feeling?" asked Lily.

Sirius opened one eye to peer at her. "This feeling like I've been punched in the gut. I feel sick."

"Licorice wand?" asked Peter, offering Sirius a piece from his candy hoard.

"No, Wormtail, I just said I feel sick," said Sirius, rolling his eye before closing it again.

"...Oh... alright," said Peter, retracting the licorice wand, somewhat disappointed.

Sirius looked at him and sighed, pushing himself up on his elbow. "Give it here, Wormtail," he said taking the candy and shoving half of it into his mouth. "What I mean is I feel this like pain in my gut, only it's not in my gut it's like right above it, whatever that is, so it's like I'm nauseous, but like the middle of my chest."

"Sirius, that's your heart," said Remus, rolling his eyes.

"Right, that. Well anyway it's making me sick," said Sirius.

"What you're feeling is called remorse," he said.

"Re-what?"

"Oh, for Merlin's sake, you feel bad about what you did or didn't do to Geoff and Mariah with Emilie at the party," explained Remus.

Sirius made an indignant noise. "I didn't 

do

 anything! Why should I feel bad about it!"

"Because they think you betrayed them in one way or another and they're 

hurt

. You'll either have to make up with them or wait and hope that they'll give you another chance," said James.

Sirius shoved the rest of the licorice wand into his mouth and settled back down on the seat. "They're  not going to listen to me," he said, throwing his hands up in the air. "No one ever believes me, it's just something about me makes everything I say come off as sarcastic."

"Could it be that everything you say just 

is

 sarcastic?" asked Lily. 

"Hey, I'm being serious," said Sirius. "They're not going to listen to me. Remus... could 

you

 talk to them?" 

"Why me?" asked Remus.

"Well you're like a prefect and that. Isn't it your job to resolve student conflicts?" asked Sirius. "Protect the weak and uh... stand up to... disorderly clubs..."

"That's not what a prefect does," said Remus with a hint of exhaustion. 

"Well anyway, you and Mariah are friends, can't you just go put in a good word for me?" asked Sirius. 

"Mariah is going to Geoff's for the Easter break," said Lily. "You could go with them just to make sure they're alright."

"I'm not a babysitter," said Remus. "I've had a nice break from that lately and I'm not eager to jump back into the fray."

"Oh, come on, Remus, we don't 

always

 ask you for favors," said Sirius.

"With Mariah in the state she's in, it might be a good idea for Order members to keep an eye on her for a while, just to see what she does. And with her family situation so unstable, and her father in the hospital, it couldn't hurt," said Lily.

Remus frowned at her. "So you want me to invite myself to Geoffrey Mansfield's house?" he asked, looking back at Sirius.

"Technically his aunt's house," Lily added helpfully.

Sirius shrugged. "You do you, mate, just get in there," he said.

"Right," said Remus with a resigned sigh, handing the 

Prophet

 to James. "But you owe me, Sirius." 

"Cheers," said Sirius as Remus stood and exited the compartment.










Chapter 31: A Lovell Affair, 1994
    




Chapter Text

Christmas Day, 1994


Back in England.


Mariah flipped the note over, then back.

"And that's all it says," she said. 

"That's all it says?" asked Remus, taking another sip of his Firewhiskey.

"That's all it says," she answered, stowing the note back in her robes. "Hopefully with Rita Skeeter saturating the 

Prophet

 with Harry Potter Triwizard fluff, nobody will notice. How dead is the topic of Notorious Mass-Murderer Sirius Black anyway? Would you say very?"

"I would say it's sleeping," said Remus. "I'm just surprised that's all he wrote you. You'd think he'd be more concerned, considering his godson's been entered in a deathtrap competition. You know maybe we should be more concerned about the death toll—”

"But that's not the point is it?" interrupted Mariah. "How do we know Harry didn't enter himself in?" 

"Of course he didn’t. With Snape 

and

 Kurt 

and

 Karkaroff at Hogwarts this year?"

Mariah glanced around the Three Broomsticks. It was packed with Hogwarts students on their Hogsmeade visit weekend, comparing Zonko's products and trading sweets from Honeydukes as they sloshed Butterbeer all over themselves and each other. She eyed some Durmstrang students in the corner. They were staring sullenly at their Butterbeers, not speaking to one another. 

Karkaroff, she mused. That brought back memories. 

7 Death Eaters Exposed, Imprisoned

. That had been the headline. Or something like it. Karkaroff had walked free, and become headmaster of a school all his own. She wondered if the Durmstrang students were really trained in the Dark Arts like everyone said. She wondered if it was normal, or if they were preparing for something... for battle.


The war is over,

 she reminded herself.

"All I'm saying,” Mariah said, looking back at Remus, “is that he's fourteen now, and you saw all those other kids putting their names in. Maybe he thought it'd be funny.”

"Have you even met him?" asked Remus.

"I've met James," she answered, shrugging. "And I can tell you this sounds like James."

"This sounds like Sirius more than James, and Harry's more of a Lily, anyway," said Remus. "Besides, you're his godmother, aren't you? Shouldn't you be on his side?" 

“I’m not exactly the mothering type — or godmothering,” she said.

“That may be, but you’re the only one close enough to him this year who can make sure he doesn’t get himself killed.” There was a sternness in Remus’s voice that had not been there previously, signaling the werewolf was reaching the end of his patience.

“You’d think if someone wanted him dead, they’d take a more direct approach,” Mariah said, sidestepping the issue. “It’s not exactly hard to get to him, especially without the extra security we had last year.”

“The real question is who would have wanted it badly enough to go this far,” Remus said. He was still frowning, but the stern tone in his voice had dissipated. “You-Know-Who’s gone, after all, and Peter’s not exactly the proactive type — twelve years of living as a family pet has shown us that much.”

"Karkaroff?" suggested Mariah. "Or Snape."

"Kurt?" asked Remus.

Mariah swirled her Butterbeer contemplatively. The truth was that Kurt had been unusually quiet since his greeting at the opening feast. The few times she had passed his office it had been empty. A few times she had caught sight of him walking by the lake where the Durmstrang ship stood moored, but he had never gone inside. And there was one single occasion where, on a trip to replenish a few ingredients from the potions storeroom, she had spotted him pacing near the dungeons, muttering to himself. She had hidden until he had left. 

"He's been playing things pretty low-key this year," she said. "Lurking, sure, but who's not these days?" 

"Doesn't mean you should take your eye off him for a second. You of all people should know that," said Remus, and Mariah heard the sternness return to his voice in full force. Drink pushed aside, he was leaning forward, both eyes focused on hers. "Kurt Lovell always has something up his sleeve."

Mariah hesitated before answering. "I haven't... I haven't entered any shady deals with him if that's what you're worried about." 

"You need to be careful around him. That's what I'm worried about," said Remus.

“You know I’d… I’d never give him Harry,” she said hesitantly, drumming her fingers on the table. “No matter what trouble I got myself into.”

“I know,” Remus said, sighing and leaning back from the table.

Mariah couldn’t tell if he meant it, and quickly changed the subject. “Well, whoever put his name in just shoved Harry into the public eye. There's an article all about him in the 

Prophet

 for Merlin's sake. He's the most watched boy in the whole Wizarding World right now."

She emptied her glass, watching the retreating figures of Mad-Eye Moody and Hagrid through the warped glassy mug before replacing it on the table with a thunk. Another bottle hit the table and Geoff dropped into a seat beside them. 

"Ready to patrol the lawn for horny children tonight?" he asked Mariah. 

“Ten points for each one you catch, fifty if it's your own son," said Mariah, earning her a laugh from Remus and a scowl from Geoff.

* * *

A quartet of Slytherin boys stepped aside to let Moody and Hagrid pass, and as the door swung shut behind them, Joel Mansfield’s laugh died on his lips and he stepped in front of his friends to prevent them from entering the pub.

“Let’s go to the Hog’s Head instead,” he said.

“What, just because your father’s in there?” Draco asked, craning his neck to peer through the window. He caught sight of Geoff, Mariah, and Lupin huddled together at their table. “I’m 

not

 walking all the way to the Hog’s Head in the bloody snow — we can just sit on the other side—”

“I don’t want him side-eyeing me the whole t-time…”

Joel trailed off and his heart skipped a beat as a gaggle of Beauxbatons students floated towards them, the girl leading the group tossing her long dark hair back over her shoulder before waving at him with the hand that wasn’t carrying a box labeled 

Gladrags Wizardwear

. She beamed at him, and skipped directly toward him, planting a pair of 

bises

 on each of his cheeks before handing her Gladrags box to her friend and pulling Joel into a tight embrace.

“Joel! I ‘ave not seen you in ages, 

mon petit cousin

 — 

ça va bien, ouais

 ?”

“

O-oui

,” Joel answered weakly, and the gaggle of Beauxbatons girls behind his cousin giggled.

Draco frowned, put out that the girls’ attention was directed solely at the other boy. “Do you know her?” he asked. 

“But of course ‘e knows me,” the dark-haired Beauxbatons girl said, turning to Draco. She held out a hand for him to shake. “Véronique Delacroix.”

“Draco Malfoy,” Draco said, taking the hand, smirking as the French girl’s eyebrows raised in recognition of his surname.

“Why haven’t I s-seen you around?” Joel asked, drawing his cousin’s attention back to him. “I d-didn’t know you were at B-beauxbatons—”

She rolled her eyes and tossed her hair back over her shoulder. “We ‘ave been so busy — even with the tournament, they expect us to keep up with our studies. They ‘ave us taking our classes in the carriage. 

Quelle corvée

.”

“R-right. 

Q-quelle c-corvée,

” Joel echoed, and the Beauxbatons girls behind Véronique giggled again. He could feel his cheeks turning bright red, and tried to ignore Draco failing to stifle a laugh behind a gloved hand.

“

Véronique

,” one of the other girls said, tapping her watch to indicate the time. Joel’s cousin 

“Save us a seat at dinner, won’t you?” she asked, giving him another set of 

bises

 before retrieving her purchase from her friend. “We ‘ave so much to catch up on!” She tossed her hair over her shoulder once again and waved airily as she and her friends made their way back up toward the castle.

Once the girls were out of earshot, Draco howled with laughter, Crabbe and Goyle joining in a moment later, once they’d realized they were supposed to find the situation funny. “You could fry an egg on your face,” Draco said, pushing open the door to the Three Broomsticks. He pressed a hand to his forehead and affected a dramatic imitation of Joel, stuttering, “

Q-q-q-quelle c-c-c-corvée ! 

”

Joel looked away, determined to ignore Malfoy, painfully aware that his cheeks were still flushed with color that had nothing to do with the chill outside — and made direct eye contact with his father, who gave him a disapproving frown. Joel ducked into the nearest booth, seating himself with his back to his father, wishing Malfoy would quit laughing, and feeling that this Hogsmeade trip could not get any more embarrassing.

* * *


Back in England.


Mariah trudged back up to the school, a dress robe folded neatly in a shopping bag at her side. Back in England. Even when he was trying to be subtle he could have said more than that. She felt a cold rush through her gut. Was he still angry at her for — no, it had been too long... surely... But then, if he was really trying to be subtle why had he risked himself to send her that?

She shook her head. That was beside the point. The point was, 

why

 was he back in England? With a fully-fledged investigative unit after him, last she'd heard he'd left the country and headed south, and he should have stayed there! She wondered if Harry had gotten a note. 

You're his godmother

. She hadn't even spoken to him that year. 

I’m not the mothering type

. She felt a cold, creeping feeling in the back of her mind, and tried to shake it off.

The sun was setting as Mariah returned to Hogwarts that evening, and a few bedraggled students exhausted from a massive snowball fight were making their way up the stairs into the Entrance Hall as well. Mariah happened to see Harry and Ron among them, and gave them a smile and nod when they looked her way. Her smile faded a little as they made their way towards Gryffindor Tower and she turned to return to the Hospital Wing. 

Mariah felt her heart sink a little as she opened the door to her dormitory, set aside from Madame Pomfrey's chambers, they were cozy but bare. Mariah had not bothered unpacking her trunk. But then, she had not had a true home in so long the trunk was more home to her than any room with a bed. She sighed and prepped for the dance. 

* * *

The Great Hall was decked out in total Christmas glory. The walls were covered in twinkling frost, and garlands streaked the ceiling beneath the clear, starry sky. A hundred small circular tables littered the hall around a dance floor, while the four champions and the Triwizard judges sat together at one large round table at the front of the Hall. Mariah followed the procession inside, as guided by a red-tartan-clad Professor McGonagall. Mariah spotted Geoff sitting at a small table to the left of the champion's table and she made her way over, taking the seat next to him, but before she could say anything they were quickly joined by Evaleen Lovell.

"Is this seat taken? You look nice, I love your dress robes. Don't mind if I do!" Evaleen took the place on Geoff's other side with a flourish. Her eyes traveled to Mariah. "I don't think we've met."

"Er... Mariah Jaeger," said Mariah, holding out her hand.

"Evaleen Lovell," she said, her smile becoming rather fixed as she bared her teeth. “I know all about you, of course. We ran a story on the top mediwizards at St. Mungo’s a few years ago when you were chief potioneer.” 

“Oh… oh, right,” Mariah said, breathing.

“Are you a teacher here as well?”

“I’m… the assistant school nurse," said Mariah.

“Very impressive,” said Evaleen, although she didn’t sound impressed at all, sitting back in her chair. “I’m sure the extra help is appreciated, given the Tournament this year.” 

“It’s been busy,” Mariah answered.

“But there haven’t been any life-threatening injuries yet — or have there?”

“No—”

“Ah, so you must be feeling fairly useless, then—”

Mariah felt her cheeks flush. “I don’t—”

But Evaleen had already snapped her attention to Geoff. “And is your son enjoying the tournament?”

“I — I think so,” Geoff answered, startled by Evaleen’s sudden shift. “At least, he seems to be—”

“Is he disappointed that he wasn’t chosen as champion, given that Hogwarts has two? Or is he relieved? Are 

you

 relieved? What with the high death toll—”

“I — well, um—”

“I’ve always wanted children,” Evaleen went on, not bothering to wait for his response. “Children adore me, and I’d have loved a little girl of my own to spoil, but alas, it wasn’t in the cards for me…” She glanced at Geoff with a rather forlorn air, and he thought that perhaps she had finished speaking.

“I’m—”

“You don’t mind if my husband joins us, do you?” she asked suddenly, changing tacks again.

“Is he here?" asked Geoff, exchanging a glance with Mariah.

"Where else would I be?" asked Kurt, sinking into the chair on Evaleen’s other side. He looked tired, and as though this were the last place he wanted to be.

“Professor Mansfield, Nurse Jaeger, my husband — although of course, you’ve already met.”

“Yes, we were at school together,” Geoff said, exchanging another glance with Mariah, who chanced a sidelong glance at Kurt, who raised his eyebrows in response, drumming his fingers on the table beside his wineglass.

“You’ll have to give me all the dirt on what Kurt was liken his younger days,” Evaleen said, smirking. “I 

do

 love a scandal.”

“Sorry to spoil your scheme, dearest, but these two were Gryffindors,” Kurt said, picking up his wineglass. “Not much dirt to be had.”

“A Gryffindor!” Evaleen exclaimed, eyebrows raised, leaning back toward Geoff, her attention focused on him once more. “And how is it that your son is in Slytherin?”

“It was his mother’s House,” he said carefully.

“Oh? And will Mrs. Mansfield be joining us tonight?”

“She’s… not in the picture, presently,” Geoff said carefully.

“Oh, I’m so 

sorry

 to hear that—” Evaleen was leaning so far over toward Geoff she was more in his chair than in her own. She missed the look exchanged between her husband and Mariah.

“Well, well, aren’t you a cheery lot,” said a gruff voice, and Mad-Eye Moody limped over, dropping heavily into the seat on Kurt’s other side. “Don’t mind if I do. Mansfield, Lovell, Lovell, Jaeger.” He nodded to them each in turn as a way of greeting, fishing around for something in his robes. 

"Hello, Moody," said Kurt, his smile rather forced. "I haven't seen you in years." 

"Yeah, I never got to thank you for putting in so many words for my early retirement," said Moody pointedly. Kurt's smile strained. Moody's real eye flicked to Evaleen. "I would've invited a date had I known staff were permitted to bring in unscreened outsiders." 

"Oh, I report for 

Witch Weekly

, and our readers are so eager for news about the Tournament that I pulled a few strings," said Evaleen cheerily, turning her attention away from Geoff.

"Oh, I bet you did—”

Mariah almost stood straight up when she saw Hagrid.  "Hagrid! Over here, please come join us!" she called, her voice almost breaking.

"Don' mind if I do," said Hagrid, taking the remaining place between Kurt and Moody.

The rest of the guests found their seats and soon, all of them had food magically appeared on their plates, and the room erupted into flurries of conversation. Their table was immediately dominated by Evaleen Lovell once again.

"The 

Daily Prophet

 is getting the majority of readers these days of course, I mean it's the primary wizarding news outlet, but 

Witch Weekly

 is the second most-read publication, and our readership has risen 35% since I've been reporting on the Tournament. I tell you, it's absolutely fabulous. We're getting new callers every week, and more and more of them are men! I’ll tell you, the face of 

Witch Weekly

 is changing — and for the better — it’s not just articles on Celestina Warbeck’s latest wardrobe any more — 

real 

investigative journalism is happening—”

Kurt looked like he was slowly deflating next to his wife. Mariah saw him pull a flask out of his pocket and pour something into his wine beneath the table.

"Haven't seen much of you all year, Jaeger," said Moody suddenly. 

"Oh, yeah, I don't leave the Hospital Wing much, you know. And it’s flu season,” said Mariah.

Moody took a swig from his hip flask and smacked his lips. "It's unlike you, isn't it? Usually you have at least one finger in every pie," he said.

"I... don't really know what to say to that, Moody."

"Between you and me, I haven't seen that one much either, and he's on staff," Moody whispered loudly, his magical eye swiveling pointedly in Kurt’s direction.

"Are you gossiping about me?" Kurt asked, cocking an eyebrow.

"Why, are you worth gossiping about?" asked Moody.

"He's being very cryptic today," Mariah said to Kurt, shrugging at the look she gave him.

"I just like to check up on people with history, Jaeger."

"I've been thoroughly vetted by the Ministry, don't try to pin this PR debacle on me, Moody," he said, turning back around. 

"Have you been keeping an eye on Karkaroff?" Mariah asked under her breath, glancing back at Moody. Kurt snorted through his food, and Moody let out a short cackle that was so loud it made her jump.

"There's no question of that," he said, ripping off a large hunk of roast pheasant with his teeth.

"And?" 

"Like I said, Jaeger, I like to keep an eye on people with history," said Moody, and his blue eye swiveled to rest parallel with his normal eye, looking right at Mariah. 

Mariah looked away, around the table for an escape, but Geoff and Hagrid were now deeply immersed in a conversation about the detriments (and benefits in Hagrid's case) to letting the Blast-Ended Skrewts wander free-range, and Evaleen was nodding fervently along. 

"It gives 'em a sense o' purpose," Hagrid was insisting.

"Hagrid they don't need a sense of purpose, their bodies can't even decide what their purpose is!" said Geoff, exasperated.

"Exactly!" said Hagrid, equally exasperated.

“Professor Mansfield — or do you mind if I call you Geoffrey? Geoffrey, then — do tell me, might the Champions be encountering these Blast-Ended Snoots—”

"Skrewts," corrected Hagrid.

Mariah felt something bump her knee, and felt under the table to find metal flask at her fingertips. She took it hesitantly, and caught Kurt’s gaze across the table, and he gave her a pointed look. Mariah glanced at Moody, who was taking another deep swig from his personal hip flask. Kurt rolled his eyes, gesturing at his own glass before drinking deeply from it. Mariah shrugged, unscrewing the flask and pouring a good amount of liquid into her own cup. Taking a sip, she felt a very strong burn in her throat and swallowed quickly, coughing, earning a few hearty slaps on the back from Moody and a laugh from Kurt across the table. 

* * *

Joel could not stop staring at Véronique’s mouth as she talked. Her dark hair was pulled back from her face, revealing a sharp jawline that framed the smile that always seemed to be planted on her face as she worked her way around her English pronunciation. Much like Evaleen Lovell on the other side of the Great Hall, Véronique dominated every conversation she was part of, hardly pausing to take a breath, let alone give anyone else an opportunity to speak — although Joel didn’t mind so much, not trusting his tongue to betray him if he tried to interject a few words.

Her giggling friends were dispersed among the rest of the tables dotted around the Great Hall, paired up with their respective dates for the evening, but a pretty green-eyed girl had been glued to Véronique’s side all evening, although she didn’t look in a giggling mood. She also did not appear to speak English as well as Véronique — but Joel had noticed that on the few short words she’d murmured, her lips had moved just like his cousin’s. He wished she’d speak more.

He could see Draco at a nearby table over his cousin’s shoulder, feigning doe-eyes and swooning, laughing, seemingly immune to the charms of the pretty French girls.

“—

Papa

 wrote back and thought it would be a good idea if we invited you next 

Noël

 to our winter villa, if it would be something you would want," Véronique was saying, beaming at Joel. Her friend frowned, looking bored, glancing over to where a group of Ravenclaw boys was flirting with some of her classmates.

“I don’t think — I mean, I want to, but Dad…”

Véronique rolled her eyes and waved away her cousin’s concern, babbling on about how their respective fathers were stuck in the past, but Joel and his sister were surely welcome at the villa any time they wanted to visit. She was interrupted by her friend asking her something in French, and Joel’s heart skipped a beat as he realized that as pretty as the French girl’s mouth looked when she was speaking English, it was even more wonderful to watch when she spoke her native language.

Véronique answered her friend’s question with a few words that Joel didn’t understand, and gestured to a table somewhere behind him. He glanced in the direction she’d gestured to try and understand what they could be talking about, and saw his father sipping wine from a goblet, a dark-haired woman Joel didn’t recognize leaning in close to whisper in his ear. Joel frowned, but realized Véronique had asked him a question, and his attention quickly returned to the French girls across from him, any thoughts of his father pushed from his mind.

* * *

Mercifully, the dancing commenced not long after the meal was finished, and while Moody hobbled off to take Professor Sinistra for a spin, Kurt had stepped away, leaving Mariah to finally breathe easily again. Evaleen and Geoff were both several glasses of wine into the meal following the Magical Creature discussion, and were very much in a world of their own, Evaleen leaning in closer than ever. Mariah watched them for a moment, and just as Evaleen was putting a hand on Geoff’s knee, she jumped, startled, as Kurt returned, sliding easily into Moody’s vacated seat.

"Fuck me," he said, scooting his chair in to the table, and Mariah glanced at him. "Moody doesn't miss a single chance to fuck with me."

"I guess he wasn't on the team that vetted you, then?” she asked wryly.

"Conflict of interest. He already had it out for me but I threw in a few names for good measure and they couldn't wait to have me on board," said Kurt. 

"Baring your soul is a little out of character, isn't it?" said Mariah.

Kurt smiled at her, but it looked more like a grimace. “We've all got our pasts, haven't we? Why hide when people will just find out anyway?"

"Spoken like a man who is married to a journalist," said Mariah.

"That, too,” he said, raising his eyebrows.

Mariah laughed, and Kurt smiled at her, and she felt a moment of warmth between them. 

Kurt Lovell always has something up his sleeve.

 Her heart constricted in an icy grip, the moment passed, and she stopped smiling. She turned away from Kurt and tried to catch Geoff's eye, but he was totally immersed in his conversation with Evaleen.

Mariah drained the rest of her wine and glanced around the room, spotting Karkaroff still sitting at the Champion's table, though he was quickly becoming the only one still seated as the others took to the dance floor. She spotted Harry leaving the dance floor with one of the Patil twins to join Ron, who was sitting with his arms crossed, his date sulking next to him. Mariah spotted an opportunity, and gratefully left her seat, eager to put some distance between herself and Kurt.

"Enjoying the party?" she asked, smiling at the fourth years as she approached. 

"Yeah, it's great," answered one of the Patil twins — Parvati, she remembered now — accumulating a smile. Her sister rolled her eyes and Ron's scowl remained firmly in place.

"Not going to dance, Ron?" asked Mariah encouragingly.

"No," he answered. Mariah followed his gaze and saw that he was watching Hermione with Krum. 

“I, ah — Harry, I was wondering if I could have a word—?”

She broke off as someone tapped her on the shoulder. She turned to see Kurt standing there, his hand outstretched. 

"Care to dance?" he asked. Mariah gave him a pointed look.

"What? No, I was just about to—”

"One song," he said, his hand still outstretched. Mariah quickly calculated the suspicious scene that refusing him could cause; the song had already started. 

“You wanted to ask me something, Nurse Jaeger?" asked Harry.

Mariah gave him an almost apologetic look. “Sorry, actually, I'll be back, could you excuse me one moment?" As Harry nodded, she followed Kurt onto the dance floor, ignoring the loud whispering of the Patil twins behind her, in which she clearly heard the words, “That nurse is 

weird

.”

Kurt took her by the hand and placed a hand on her waist, moving her easily into the rhythm of the song so that they soon were waltzing in time with the other couples. Mariah glanced over his shoulder at Harry, to make sure he didn't wander off, but after a moment or two, self-awareness began to creep and she began to feel how close to Kurt she actually was.

"Shouldn't you be asking your 

wife

 to dance?" she asked, and Kurt rolled his eyes. 

"There's no rule that says you can only dance with your spouse at the Yule Ball. Look around, nobody's with their spouse." 

"That's because nobody else has a spouse here," said Mariah. "What if somebody notices us together and thinks—?”

"Thinks what? Nobody cares, Mariah. Aside from Moody, but, he's him. You think these kids know our history? The past is past, so come on, don't be dull." 

* * *

For the first time all evening, Evaleen Lovell had finally stopped speaking, her attention caught by something that wasn’t the lanky redhead seated beside her. Geoff followed her gaze and saw that she was watching Mariah and Kurt on the dance floor. Mariah looked uncomfortable, her expression almost guilty. Geoff's jaw tightened, but he looked back at Evaleen, who, for the first time since he had first met her, looked lost.

"Mrs. Lovell?" he asked. When she didn’t immediately respond, he reached out to lightly touch her hand where it rested on the table. “Evaleen?"

"What? Oh. I'm sorry, the lights in here just caught me for a moment," said Evaleen, her smile snapping back into place, though it didn’t quite meet her eyes this time. "I just adore fairy lights. They're so... so romantic—” 

"Do you want to get some air?" asked Geoff, who was reeling a little from the wine himself. He was already standing, holding a hand out to help her to her own feet. "I can show you the work Hagrid and I did on the gardens, if you’d like.”

Evaleen hesitated, shooting another glance at her husband then nodded and accepted Geoff’s hand, following him out of the Great Hall with her hand tucked into the crook of his elbow. 

* * *

"You are completely out of your skull," said Draco Malfoy, watching as Joel washed his face in the bathroom sink. “You’re really going to ask her out at the Yule Ball?”

"Why not?" asked Joel. He’d convinced Adrian Pucey to give him a gobletful of the fairy wine he’d nicked from the Champion’s table after the idea had struck him, and was feeling his confidence growing as the wine went to his head. “She told me to save her a seat, and she didn’t have a date—” 

"She's your 

cousin

," said Draco.

“What? No, I’m not talking about Véronique! Her friend Colette — at least, I think it’s Colette. It might be Claudette or Cosette or—”

“

This

 will go well.”

“The point is, she wanted to sit with us at dinner, but she doesn’t speak English, so she had to get Véronique to ask me to save her a seat, and then she had to have Véronique there to translate—”

“Like I said, this will go well. Nothing could 

possibly

 go wrong. Your face has 'casual' written all over it," said Draco, pointing at Joel's reflection, which was sopping wet, wild eyed, and blushing red. 

Joel scowled at his friend in the mirror. “Don't you need to get back to Pansy?" he asked.

Draco held up both hands, but left the bathroom without another word, a smirk firmly in place. Joel stared at his reflection, pushing his dark hair back from his forehead, trying to make it lay flat. He felt sick — which probably had something to do with the wine — and took a few breaths to calm his nerves. He was a fourth year, not a first year. He could do this. This would be fine.

* * *

Kurt and Mariah danced through an entire song without speaking. Mariah tried to avoid his eyes, glancing at her feet every so often to make sure they were in no danger of tripping. A second, slower song started and Kurt did not break stride, but stepped neatly into a slower waltz that matched the tempo, and pulling her slightly closer. 

"You said one song," Mariah pointed out. Kurt shrugged. He and Mariah kept dancing. She felt eyes on her, or rather one magical eye, but it was almost hypnotic dancing with Kurt. She felt lighter, and whenever the light hit his face just right, he almost looked like he had the first time she had run into him all those years ago, when they had both been hiding from Filch. 

"That was some twisted shit you tried to pull over on me last year," she said, unwilling to let herself get comfortable. 

"You could say that," said Kurt, nodding. "It was undeniably efficient, though. Took you right out as a top suspect. No one felt the need to bring you in for questioning or arrest you for possible collusion."

"Oh, please, if anyone was worried about possible collusion it was you," said Mariah, blowing out her breath. 

"You look lovely tonight," said Kurt, spinning her out. "Reminds me of when we were together. Only you smiled more back then."

"That's not true, I never smiled back then. Not after everything, I was a wreck.” She glared at him as he spun her back in. “If you're doing this just to piss off your wife I won't help you." 

"Oh, I piss off my wife plenty without your help," said Kurt. 

They danced in silence for a few bars. Mariah was no longer looking around. She looked up at Kurt, only to see an expression on his face she did not recognize. He looked lost in thought, staring up at the ceiling of the Great Hall. 

"I miss this place," he said softly. "It's amazing how it can stay so much the same after all these years." 

"Magic," said Mariah. Kurt snorted. 

"I wish we could have stayed as timeless," he said. Mariah felt their dancing slow. She closed her eyes, and Sirius's wolfish grin flashed behind her eyelids.

"I wish I could go back," she said, sighing. 

"I do, too," said Kurt after a moment. He pulled her closer, no longer a waltz but a slow dance. Mariah felt his arms around her. 

"What are you doing?" she asked.

Kurt pulled her close to his face.

"I want to remember what it felt like," he said. Mariah disengaged herself from him very suddenly and left the dance floor, dodging Hagrid and Maxime as they cut a wide path through the crowd of dancing students.

She looked around for Geoff, but didn’t see him among the crowd of faces in the Great Hall. Karkaroff had vanished from the Champions’ table, and the Patil twins were now dancing with several Durmstrang students, having abandoned Harry and Ron, who were nowhere to be seen.

Shaking her head, Mariah walked out of the Great Hall into the Entrance Hall, and out into the rose garden that had been erected on the front lawn. She heard scurrying on either side as students obviously making out in the bushes saw she was a staff member. She wandered the sprawling pathways for a minute before stopping to sit on a stone bench next to a marble statue of an angel surfing a large swan. She took a deep breath, letting it out in a slow stream that fogged in the frosty air and whisked away like smoke. 

Never again, she thought to herself. She couldn't ever let it happen again. He’d made her lose focus. She had to be more careful.

Her eyes teared, and she reached down the front of her robes for a tissue. She let one or two sobs escape as she dabbed her eyes before returning to her deep breathing. Control, she had it under control. 

She lowered the tissue, but noticed something out of the corner of her eye and turned to see Ron and Harry staring at her, looking confused. 

She began stammering an apology, clamping the tissue into her palm, but hadn’t managed to form more than half a word before Harry asked if she was all right. 

“Don’t worry about it,” she answered him, rather more forcefully than she meant to, and then, gentler, “I’m fine, really—”

Harry shifted uncomfortably. “All right,” he said. “Er — you’d wanted to tell me something earlier?”

Mariah hesitated. She knew exactly what she wanted to tell him. She wanted to tell him she was his godmother. She wanted to apologize for her years of absence in his life, for leaving him with his aunt and uncle without a word, for not saying anything sooner, for not stepping into Lily’s shoes, as she knew her friend would have expected her to. She wanted to tell him everything.

Instead, what she said was, “It was nothing, Harry. Forget it. I’ll see you around.”

With hesitant nods, Ron and Harry continued on their path through the rose garden. As they went, Mariah clenched her fists, her knuckles white. She couldn’t tell him now.

* * *

"Véronique!" 

Véronique and her friend stopped on the stone steps of the castle. They had been headed back out to the Beauxbatons carriage.

“

Oui

 ? What is it, Joel?” 

"I just wanted to ask you — or, rather, your friend, Cosette?”

“Colette,” the green-eyed girl corrected, frowning and folding her arms across her chest. 

He knew he should have tried Colette, but even when she frowned, she was pretty, he thought. “Colette,” he repeated, giving her an apologetic nod, momentarily disarmed. He recovered quickly as both girls raised their eyebrows, silently prompting him to continue, and he plunged forward, feeling numb. “I just — I was wondering if you — Colette, if you would want to go out with me… sometime?”

Colette cocked her head sideways, her brow furrowed as she considered what he’d said. She conferred briefly with Véronique in French, and Joel bounced on the balls of his feet, anxiously awaiting her response.

“She says she will go with us sometime,” Véronique said, beaming. “Did you want to watch the next task together, or per’aps your next ‘Ogsmeade weekend, we could go together?”

Joel could feel himself deflating. She’d misunderstood. “I meant — I meant just me and Colette. Like a — a date.”

A quick exchange in French, and the smile had slid from Véronique’s face, her friend looking uncomfortable beside her. “

Desolée, mon petit cousin

, but — but she says no. She says perhaps if ‘er English was better, but…” Véronique gave her cousin an apologetic shrug and stepped forward to hug him lightly, Colette looking more uncomfortable by the minute, and then the two girls turned on their heels to continue making their way back to their carriage.

Joel watched them go, the sound of their footsteps on the stone steps replaced by a loud ringing sound in his ears, and he forced his legs to move. He did 

not

 want to be found by Draco trying to sniff out the aftermath of the interaction, and headed into the rose garden to lose himself amongst the thorny brush.

* * *

Evaleen was silent as she and Geoff slowly made their way around the lake, the hems of their cloaks leaving a slithering trail through the snow behind them, and she kept a tight hold on his arm. The lights burning in the windows of the Durmstrang ship twinkled like stars, reflected in the still black waters of the lake, disturbed only by the slightest of ripples.

"It's beautiful," Evaleen said quietly, her breath rising in a misty vapor in front of her.

Geoff nodded in agreement, but the conversation died there and they lapsed back into silence, continuing their journey across the grounds, pulling their winter cloaks tighter around their shoulders against the cold bristle in the December air. The stars shone especially bright, casting an eerie glow over anything that wasn’t in deep, pitch black shadow. The towering stands of the Quidditch pitch stood out sharply against the flat expanse of lawn, and Geoff felt a twinge as he remembered long, lonely afternoon practices with the Bludgers as he’d tried to avoid everyone — and one afternoon when Emilie had told him she was pregnant.

A flicker of movement drew him out of his thoughts and his eyes narrowed at the Quidditch pitch, and Evaleen’s grip tightened on his arm. Though it was dark, he could clearly see two figures huddled close together in the stands. Trying his best to assume a stern expression — as much for his sake as for Evaleen’s — Geoff led the way to the pitch, Evaleen creeping up the stairs behind him as he began to climb, mentally rehearsing what to say if he found students in the stands completely naked, although he couldn’t fathom why anyone would want to be naked at the top of the Quidditch pitch outside on Christmas night. He slowed down as he neared the top, pressing a finger to his lips to indicate for Evaleen to keep quiet. What if they were Durmstrang students, or Beauxbatons? Did he have jurisdiction over the visiting schools’ students?

A loud thud made him jump, Evaleen letting out a small gasp behind him, and he bit back an obscenity as he heard a man laugh, followed by a woman’s moan.

“Kurt, shh! Someone might hear—”

“Please,” the man answered, and Geoff recognized the unmistakable voice of Kurt Lovell. “That was nowhere near my fault.”

Geoff glanced back over his shoulder at Evaleen, who was standing stock-still, her face half-illuminated by the pale moonlight streaming down through the gaps in the bleachers, her expression stony. He gestured for her to head back down the stands, but before he followed after her, he stepped sideways underneath the stands, stooping to look up between the seats, his curiosity getting the better of him. He saw Kurt grinning through the bleachers, his hands tangling themselves in long, light brown tresses as he leaned forward to kiss an exposed white neck and the woman beneath him moaned again.

Geoff turned and followed Evaleen out of the stands as quietly as he could.

“Of course it was him,” Evaleen said quietly once he'd rejoined her on the snowy ground. "I should have known it would be."

Geoff gave her a pitying smile and offered her his arm, and they made their way back toward the castle in silence, taking a detour through the rose garden to a quieter corner where Geoff knew there was an alcove with a clear view of the lake that was likely to be unoccupied by snogging students. He pointed out a few magical plants along the way and took a seat on a stone bench as they reached the alcove, gesturing for her to sit beside him.

After several quiet moments, he chanced a sidelong glance at her and saw her face glistening with tears. “Are you all right?” 

"Yes, I'm -- I'm fine," said Evaleen, rummaging through her dress robes for a tissue. Geoff retrieved a handkerchief of his own from within his own robes and handed it to her. She thanked him, and dabbed at her face with it, tucking a few strands of loose, black hair back over her ear.

"You can tell me, if you need someone to talk to," said Geoff.

Evaleen didn't answer immediately, still busy dabbing at her eyes with the handkerchief. She lowered it and folded and unfolded it several times in her lap, finally heaving a deep sigh and looking up at Geoff. “You said your wife was… not in the picture?” she asked after a moment.

“That’s right,” he answered carefully. 

She swallowed hard. "I just —there have been some struggles... in my marriage. It's been hard," she said. "Your wife's wasn’t a journalist, was she?" She waited for him to shake his head, and sighed. “Good. I mean, not good that she’s out of the picture, but good that she wasn’t a journalist,” she said hurriedly. “Sometimes I want to write about my husband’s infidelity, but marital loyalty, you know? It’s — it’s—”

“A bitch?” Geoff supplied, and Evaleen laughed through her tears.

“

Such

 a bitch,” she agreed, wiping sparkling tears from her cheeks. “It would knock his career for a loop if I ever did it, that’s for sure.”

"Does he spend a lot of time with other women?" asked Geoff.

Evaleen rolled her eyes, giving another short laugh, this one bitter. “I can never tell for sure. There are definitely other women, but there's also work, and now there's this... well I guess past fiancée. He’s literally cheating on me in front of my own two eyes at a 

school dance

, of all things. Honestly." She blew her nose unceremoniously, all polite pretense pushed aside. Something in the words 

past fiancée

 caught his attention, and Geoff felt a twinge of guilt at the thought of hands tangling themselves into long brown hair -- was Mariah the one Kurt was entertaining himself with down at the Quidditch pitch? They 

had

 been dancing together all night -- but Evaleen was continuing, a bitter note to her voice. “And yet 

he’s

 the one with the drinking problem." 

“I’ve been wondering,” Geoff said, shifting on the bench beside her, “do you think he had anything to do with Harry Potter's name coming out of the Goblet of Fire?” He tried to sound as matter-of-fact as possible, and hoped he hadn’t overstepped. It was a bold question, to be sure, but as bitter as Evaleen was about her marriage, who knew what sort of secrets she may be willing to let slip. 

She looked at him sharply, surprised. “I hadn’t given it much thought,” she admitted. “I was sure it was a ploy by Dumbledore to give Hogwarts a star champion, right? Why else would he have two champions? I don't think Kurt's involved with that, he's too busy maintaining security for the tasks." She rolled her eyes. "Look at me, already back to being his faithful wife, giving the political answer. I should say he's too busy fucking around, because that’s 

really

 what he’s too busy doing.”

She fell silent, looking back down at the handkerchief in her hands for a long moment before glancing back up at Geoff. She wasn’t actively crying any more, her tears drying on her cheeks, her eyes only faintly misty now. 

“If I can ask — how long has your wife been gone?" 

“Nine years," Geoff answered, and he felt Evaleen move closer to him, her fingers lightly touching his wrist. 

"Have you ever thought about... have you ever... I mean..." 

His jaw tightened and he kept his eyes fixed on the lake ahead of them, but he could feel her warm breath on his neck. He felt frozen, knowing what would happen if he turned to face her. He wasn’t aware of turning his head, but suddenly her mouth was on his, and she tasted like wine and honey, and a feeling Geoff had not felt in years was worming its way through his insides, but the thought of a piercing stare — a scowl and high cheekbones framed by wild, dark hair — stopped him, and he pulled away abruptly.

“I can’t,” he said, and looked away from her.

A beat of silence passed, and he felt her get to her feet beside him, and then heard her footsteps crunching away on the gravel path through the rose garden, and he suddenly felt the weight of the past nine years as heavily as though he were experiencing all of them at once.

* * *

Joel's heart was pounding as he pressed himself tightly against the statue of a large centaur with a bow aimed at the sky. As he listened to the black-haired woman's footsteps fading away on the gravel as she made her way through the rose garden, he felt sick. He felt something dark and twisted writhing inside him with a restless energy that threatened to burst through him. He wanted to hit something, he wanted to scream -- but instead, he silently rose to his feet and cast another dark look through the rose brambles at his father, sitting alone now on the low stone bench, and left the garden. His feet seemed to know where he was going before he did, and the Slytherin dormitories were still mostly empty when he arrived. He had his room to himself as he spread a roll of parchment across the top of his nightstand and began penning the next letter to his penpal, starting with three letters: 

Mum

.










Chapter 32: Exes and Hexes
    




Chapter Text

Late March, 1978

"It's very... clean in here," Mariah said carefully as she followed Geoff out of the kitchen and into the living room. 

Mariah and Remus had slept on Geoff's floor the night before upon arrival. The door to his aunt and uncle's room had been unlocked, but neither Remus nor Mariah wanted to be the one to suggest they sleep in there. Plus, there was plenty of room on Geoff's bedroom floor, since everything in his room was neatly stacked on his dresser and shelves. 

Even Remus couldn't deny that the house was immaculate. Every knick-knack and trinket had been carefully arranged on the mantelpiece; the kitchen sink lacked even a single dirty dish; the sheets were folded neatly on every bed; even the old copies of the Daily Prophet had been neatly folded before being deposited in the trash bin. 

"Claire never goes anywhere unless the house is spotless," he answered. "She and Joel came by to help take care of the house right after my parents—” He broke off suddenly, his voice caught in his throat.

The werewolf coughed politely. "So Claire's your aunt through your dad, then?" he asked.

"No, we're not actually related at all. Joel was my dad's best mate when he was at Hogwarts. They're my godparents, but it was just easier to call them aunt and uncle when I was a kid. Let's see, Claire said she'd leave a list... here we go," Geoff said, picking up a neatly folded piece of parchment from the coffee table. He unfolded it and scanned through it quickly. "She said she wants us to start with the study, then the attic, and then try to clear out the shed out back if we have time. With three of us, it shouldn't be a problem to get all of it done this week."

"She just wants everything thrown out?" Mariah asked. "I mean everything's already really clean..."

Geoff shrugged and began leading the way down the hallway toward the study. "I think it's mostly decluttering, and she can't bring herself to get rid of anything of Joel's, given the situation. She keeps everything clean, but they've got a lot of stuff. She said I could keep anything I saw of Joel's that I wanted, and get rid of the rest."

He turned the knob to the study and pushed the door open, stopping dead in his tracks. Unlike the rest of the house, the study was coated in a fine layer of dust, books and rolls of parchment strewn about the room. One particularly large leather-bound book near the window seemed to be humming "God Save the Queen," while a purple and orange spotted toad whistled like a teakettle from its perch on the desk beside a collection of quills made from feathers of exotic birds; a salamander scurried under a high-backed armchair, only to re-emerge near the fireplace to take a bite of a half-burnt scrap of parchment that was just visible amidst the pile of ashes heaped in the grate.

The shelves that lined the room, rather than being filled with books, were filled with dozens upon dozens of potion bottles of all shapes and sizes, filled with varying levels of multicolored liquids -- some shimmering, others smoking, still more bubbling. One particularly crowded shelf was neatly labeled love potions, while a tiny glass case beside it held a single vial of what was unmistakably Felix Felicis; a small shelf near the ceiling had a label that clearly read poisons and contained no more than four vials, but the vast majority of shelves were simply labeled with numbers and no indication of what was contained within the plethora of bottles.

Geoff felt a hand on his shoulder and exhaled a breath he hadn't realized he was holding. "Geoff," came Remus's voice, "Mariah and I can take care of this if you don’t—”

"No," he said, rather more forcefully than he meant. "It's fine." His eyes swept across the room and he shrugged off his friend's hand. "Let's clean everything first, I suppose, and then we can go through it all..."

With some quick wandwork, the trio had the room free of dust in minutes, although in the process Mariah found a poffle of puffskeins living under the desk that were loath to leave their nest and had to be coaxed from their hiding place before being unceremoniously tossed out the window. Remus conjured a roaring fire in the grate, and the three of them set to work sorting through the countless books and scraps of parchment littering the room, tossing inconsequential notes into the blaze while stacking the books neatly in the seat of a chair.

"He looks like he was working on something important," Mariah said, flipping over a scrap of parchment. "Hard to read his notes, though," she added, squinting at the paper. "Something phoenix?"

Remus quickly yanked the scrap out of her hand. "Phoenix tears," he said, tossing the note into the fireplace. "Must have been an ingredient in one of these." He gestured at the shelves of potions lining the room.

"Must have... It's a pretty impressive collection."

"He was a potioneer. A lot of these are experimental, no telling what they do," Geoff said from where he was sitting cross-legged on the floor, flipping through a large book. He ran his finger down one page, pausing about halfway down. "

Potion No. 314 - probable flavor enhancer; may cause minor explosions. Potion No. 315 - transformative; may cause irreversible ear growth; contains peanuts.

" He glanced up at Remus and Mariah. "We should be careful with them."

"Noted," Remus said, nodding.

"What should we do with the ones you don't want to keep?" Mariah asked, pulling one of the vials off the shelf and inspecting the label. "We can't just chuck them on the fire."

Geoff had turned back to the book, glancing at the list of potions again. "Dunno," he said absently. "I guess we'll just have to keep all of them for now. Maybe we could re-organize them by use.... 

Potion No. 372 - increases mental focus; causes jitters. Potion No. 373 - causes temporary deafness in left ear. Potion No. 374 - to be used with Potion No. 375 to locate wayward children

. Why would you use some of these?"

"Like it says, to locate wayward children," Mariah said, shrugging and yanking open a desk drawer. "Oh, hello, beautiful..." She reached in and pulled out a half-empty bottle of Ogden's Old Firewhiskey. She took a deep swig before recorking it and tossing it to Remus, who frowned briefly down at the label before setting it aside. "Oh, don't be such a wet blanket," Mariah said, snatching the bottle back up and rolling it over to Geoff instead. "Here, I know you need a drink."

"That's an understatement," Geoff said, pulling the cork out and tossing back a mouthful. He closed the book of experimental potions and set it aside, picking up another book and flipping it open to a random middle page. "By the way, did you hear? He didn't sleep with her."

Mariah's grimace seemed set in stone. "What?"

“Sirius. He didn't sleep with Emilie. Or that's his story, anyway," Geoff said, yanking open another desk drawer and pulling out a stack of papers, shuffling through them. "He was terribly proud of himself when he told me. A right saint, he is."

"But that's not what he said the other night," said Mariah. 

"Apparently he was too drunk to remember what did or didn't happen, and Emilie set the record straight for him," said Geoff. Mariah raised an eyebrow.

"Could she be lying?" she asked.

Geoff took another long draught of the burning liquor, but didn't answer. The conversation he'd had with Emilie after Slughorn's party was hazy and tinged with alcohol, but she'd seemed genuinely hurt when he'd compared her to her fellow Slytherins — he could still picture her trembling and the tears running down her cheeks, and still felt a sting at the thought of her drawing away from his touch. And yet, even if she hadn't slept with Sirius, he'd still returned to Gryffindor Tower wearing her dress robes the morning after the party. He wondered what had happened in those early hours, and then wondered if he even wanted to know.

"I wouldn't think about it too much," Remus said abruptly from his seat by the fireplace. "Emilie said they didn't, and either way it's done now. And Sirius obviously has no memory of it."

"I suppose..." Mariah said, scanning down a roll of parchment. "I mean, he was so sloshed he tried asking me if I was 

pregnant

. I—” She broke off as a thought occurred to her, and slowly looked up from the parchment as a memory from her conversation with Sirius surfaced. "Geoff... is Emilie...?"

Remus, too, paused in his organization of a crate of potion vials to look up at Geoff, whose ears had turned nearly as red as his hair.

"Well... that certainly complicates things," the werewolf said quietly.

"Tell me about it," Geoff muttered, helping himself to more firewhiskey.

"I didn't realize you two were actually 

together

, come to think of it," Mariah said, frowning. "I mean, I knew you were friends, but when did you two ever—”

"It was short-lived," Geoff said quickly. He tossed the firewhiskey bottle back to her and turned back to the book in his lap, determinedly ignoring Remus's gaze. "Joel had hundreds of these potions," he said, shifting the conversation away from him and back to the task at hand. "Some of them don't even say what they do."

"I can think of a few people we could test them on," Mariah grumbled, drumming her fingers irritably on the sides of the firewhiskey bottle.

"What, you're just going to start lobbing potions at Sirius?" Remus asked dryly.

"Why not?" she asked, shrugging and looking back at the stack of parchment on the desk. "He's a total git."

"He might be a total git," Geoff said from the floor without looking up from the list of potions in his lap, "but even a total git doesn't deserve...

 Potion No. 612 - causes rampant boils that ooze live scorpions when burst.

"

"Fine, fine, but what about... 

Potion No. 14 - incessant tickling sensation; causes alarming flatulence

?" Mariah suggested, squinting at the parchment in her hand.

Remus cleared his throat. "Perhaps we should just finish cleaning up the study?" he said pointedly.

"Right," Geoff agreed, closing the book and clambering to his feet, picking up the pile of books and walking them to a shelf.

Mariah took another swig of firewhiskey, grimacing as the drink burned going down her throat. "We can clean and drink and plot Sirius's untimely demise all at the same time," she said. "Called multitasking, right, Geoff?"

Remus shot Geoff a look across the room as though to say don't encourage her, but the redhead missed it as he walked to the desk and snatched the bottle from Mariah, taking a deep drink himself. "Cleaning and drinking, sure," he said, wiping his mouth with the back of a hand. "But I don't know about plotting Sirius's untimely demise."

"Oh, come on. You're telling me you're not even a little pissed that he took your girlfriend to the Slug Club party?" Mariah held out her hand for bottle again, and Geoff obliged. "You seemed mad enough after he showed up wearing her dress robes."

Geoff pinched the bridge of his nose and sighed. "Emilie's not—”

"You got her pregnant so apparently you liked her at least a little," Mariah said. She held up the bottle of firewhiskey and inspected the remaining contents. "D'you think Joel had any more of this stuff stashed away in here?"

"It's complicated," he answered. "And no, he doesn't."

Remus coughed politely from his place down by the fire. "Not to interrupt," he said, "but don't we have a job we're supposed to be doing?"

"Complicated?" Mariah pressed, ignoring Remus. "How's it complicated? Can't be worse than Sirius. Here, have a drink, you'll feel better," she added, holding out the liquor bottle.

"It just is."

"What, because she's a Slytherin? That's not complicated. My boyfriend's a Slytherin." She frowned. "Ex-boyfriend." Remus and Geoff exchanged glances. "We broke up the night of the dance. I haven't talked to him since," she explained.

"Ex-boyfriend, exactly!” Geoff said “There's my point! See, you say it's not complicated, but it's all complicated. All of it. All of them. All of — all of everything!" He took another long draught of firewhiskey. "And how can it not be, with them all being the way they are!"

Remus made an irritable noise and stood. "I think you've had enough, Geoff," he said. His voice was quiet, but the note of warning was clear.

Geoff jerked the bottle away from Remus's outstretched hand. "I'll tell you what I've had enough of," he said. "It's fucking — fucking 

Slytherins

. Fucking people like Emilie and Lovell. That's what I've had enough of. She knows, Mariah knows, they just -- they make you think they care and then you find out they've been lying to you the whole time--"

"Yeah!" Mariah agreed. "I mean it was like someone flipped a light switch and suddenly Kurt just didn't care at all any more. He turned into a completely different person! I mean, one minute he's inviting me to some summer home for the Easter holidays and the next he's telling me 'something came up' and the trip is off, and then--" She broke off suddenly. "

The summer home

."

"What about it?"

"We should go!"

Geoff and Remus exchanged doubtful glances.

Mariah groaned irritably and stepped out from behind the desk, snatching the firewhiskey bottle back from Geoff. "Come on," she said. "It'd be fun. It's not like anyone's gonna be there," she added, taking a drink. "Kurt said he had to go to some thing with the Delacroixes -- hey, you don't think they're sleeping together, do you? 

That

 would be fucked."

"Mariah, I don't think..."

"Come on," she said again, throwing an amicable arm around his shoulders and shoving the bottle back into his hand. "Geoff, I know you wanna know what your honeydew is up to. We just take a stroll over to Kurt's summer home--" she mimed walking with her fingers "--poke around a little--" she poked at imaginary objects in the air "--and see what those sneaky, slimy, Slytherin sons of bitches are up to and show 'em all that you don't fuck with Gryffindors. Knock a few paintings off the wall, smash a vase or two, wreak some havoc. Come on."

Remus's lips were pressed together so tightly they'd almost disappeared completely; Geoff, likewise, was frowning deeply. "I dunno, Mariah," he said. "Seems risky."

"What could it hurt? No one's gonna be there. He told me. Said they had this huge party planned, and now no one's gonna show up, because he had to cancel it to go to the 'Delacroix Easter Spectacle' or some shit. It'll be completely empty. 

Completely

."

Remus eyed Geoff doubtfully. "Geoff, you aren't actually considering--"

"And he told you where this summer home is?"

Mariah grinned.

"

Geoff

."

Geoff put an arm around the disgruntled werewolf's shoulders and steered him to one side of the room, offering him the firewhiskey bottle, which Remus pointedly ignored. "Come on, Remus," he said quietly. "She said it'll be totally empty. What could it hurt to go poke around a little?"

"What could it hurt? What could it hurt?" Remus hissed back. "Need I remind you that you saw Kurt Lovell's 

father

 entering the Lestrange house -- where, by the way, you found your dead uncle's lifeless body hanging in the basement -- with your own eyes, and you think it's a good idea to go 

investigate

 his summer home?"

"Kurt told Mariah he'll be with the Delacroixes for the holiday--"

"And you're taking him at his word? Geoff, Kurt is a Death Eater. Emilie is too, whether you like it or not, and so help me God--"

"Everything all right over there?" Mariah asked brightly from the other side of the room.

Both boys glanced over their shoulders and gave her a brief, reassuring wave before turning back to each other.

"I'm just saying, how can we pass up this opportunity to gather intelligence for the Order? It'll be fine--"

"It will 

not

 be fine. And have you forgotten that Mariah isn't supposed to know anything about the Order--"

"She doesn't have to know what we're doing, just let her go cause a little mayhem, meanwhile you and I snoop around a little, and then we'll come back before anyone even knows we were there." Geoff waited a moment for a response, but was only rewarded with a deeper frown from Remus. He scoffed and dropped the arm from around his friend's shoulder, taking another swig of firewhiskey and turning back toward Mariah. "Look, Remus," he said loudly. "I'm going. Mariah's going. You've got to come too if you want to keep us out of trouble."

"Kurt said it's down the road just east of Tinworth," Mariah said. "Said you can't miss it. See you there, aye?" She grinned, grabbed Geoff by the elbow, and turned on the spot, Disapparating with the lanky ginger in tow.

Remus stood for a moment in the study, fuming, refusing to believe Geoff had so willingly gone along with Mariah's cockamamy scheme. "I am not a babysitter!" he shouted to the empty house. His own voice echoed in his ears. He crossed his arms, then uncrossed them, looking around. He grabbed the tiny bottle of Felix Felices from beneath its glass case and, still fuming, he turned on the spot, and Disapparated.

The world swirled back into form, and Remus found himself standing in a wood-paneled grand hall with floor to ceiling windows that let in the dull glow of the sun outside through long white linen curtains. He walked over and pulled the curtain back, revealing a spectacular view of a lakeshore and distant hills. He let the curtain drop back into place and looked around at the empty room. 

"Geoff? Mariah?" he called. A crash from down the hall answered him.

"Shit, 

reparo

," said Mariah, fixing the bottle that had shattered on the kitchen floor as Remus entered. She looked at it for a moment, and then swiftly knocked it back onto the floor, shattering it.

"Stop that! What are you doing?" asked Remus.

"Raiding the liquor cabinet, what does it look like?" said Geoff, examining an ornate bottle of what looked like Absinthe. 

"Oh no, before we drink anything else, we are all drinking this," said Remus, holding up the bottle of Felix Felices. "If Kurt Lovell and his father are really Death Eaters, I am not taking any chances."

"Remus, come on, I told you they're not--" started Mariah.

"Nope. Nope. I don't care, drink this or we're leaving," said Remus. Mariah exchanged looks with Geoff, but set down three crystal glasses. Remus divided the potion between them, and they all drank.

"Cheers, Remus," said Mariah, downing hers. She took the crystal bottle from Geoff and headed out of the room. 

"

This

 is gathering intelligence?" asked Remus as Geoff grabbed another bottle and made to follow Mariah. 

"We aren't in a hurry. We have the place to ourselves, and we 

are

 on vacation," said Geoff. He walked out of the kitchen, and after a moment Remus followed him.

The Lovell summer home was tailored for guests to move in at the drop of a hat, though there was a certain emptiness about it that kept it from looking truly lived in. As they toured the ground floor, they found a dining room and a lounge in addition to the grand hall and the kitchen, both full of furniture draped in heavy black sheets. Though they poked around, there were few clues to suggest that the Lovells even lived there. Portraits with snoozing long-dead relatives were mounted on the dark walls in between mounted griffin heads, antlers, talons, and what looked like a solid unicorn horn. Mariah shivered as she stared at it, wondering what had happened to the rest of it.

A large family portrait hung over the fireplace of the lounge, framing Kurt's father Aldrik Lovell, Kurt, and a breathtaking woman who Mariah guessed to be his mother, all smirking down at them, unperturbed by their presence. While most of the other portraits were asleep or keeping quiet, Kurt's family portrait members would occasionally exchange glances or lean in to whisper in each other's ear. This disconcerted Mariah more than anything. Most of the wizarding portraits she had encountered were not afraid to share their true feelings with the viewer. 

“Look at this,” said Geoff from across the room. Mariah tore her eyes away from Kurt's amused expression and crossed to where Geoff stood holding a picture frame. He held it up. "Baby Lestranges."

"Oh boy," said Mariah, taking the frame. Kurt Lovell aged about six stood next to two bulky boys with short, sharply cut blonde hair, each of them holding broomsticks. Rabastan was grinning widely along with Kurt, but Rodolphus stared stolidly into the camera. He did not move as the other two started a broom fight beside him.

"Hard to picture them as kids," said Mariah. "Though Rodolphus hasn't changed much. 

"Let's check upstairs," said Remus abruptly. Mariah laughed at his sudden enthusiasm, but she, too, felt like they would find what they were looking for upstairs, though she could not have named what it would be. She simply had a feeling they would know it when they saw it. 

* * *

Sirius was not having a spectacular Easter holiday. So far he had enjoyed watching Lily and James tenderly make breakfast together, tenderly wash dishes together, and tenderly snog on the armchair for a quarter of an hour. It didn't help that James's mother Euphemia had the radio switched to Celestina Warbeck's greatest hits. There was no getting out of that. Celestina Warbeck was Euphemia Potter's favorite. 

James caught his eye and unfastened himself from Lily's lips. "Sorry, Sirius, was there something you wanted to do today?" 

"Not particularly, but I know what I wanted to 

not

 do today," he said, giving his friend a very pained smile. 

"Well there's no Order duty, so we're off the hook there. You could go ask our neighbors if they need any chores done if you're bored," said James. 

"You already sound like a dad. You sure you're not the pregnant one, Lily?" asked Sirius.

Lily turned away from James to frown at him. “What does 

that

 mean?"

"Nothing," he answered, shaking his head, suddenly exhausted.

Lily rolled her eyes and tossed some of her auburn hair over her shoulder, shifting in James’s lap. “What's Gwenog doing for break?"

"How should I know?"

"Because she's your 

girlfriend

."

Now it was Sirius’s turn to frown. “She's not," he said.
"Oh, you broke up, then?" asked Lily, raising her eyebrows. Sirius returned her bemused look, and she continued pointedly, “I distinctly recall you making a grand entrance at dinner last fall and declaring that you were dating Gwenog Jones…” She trailed off and watched him closely as he looked up at the ceiling, considering. “Sirius… does she think you’re still her boyfriend?”
"You know, I'm not sure..." Sirius answered vaguely. He scrambled to his feet and turned to snatch a handful of Floo Powder from the jar on the mantle, flinging it into the grate. 

“Oy, what are you doing?" James asked.

"I have to check something," said Sirius, kneeling in front of the fireplace and sticking his head into the emerald flames that had sprung up. "Gwenog? Hey, girl, what are you up to? You busy?" 

* * *

Mariah paused by the top of the stairs. A door stood partially open to the right, exposing a sliver of a Slytherin banner hanging over a headboard. She pushed the door in and entered.

Whereas the rest of the house was elegantly — if a bit intimidatingly — decorated, Kurt's room was full of personality. The Slytherin banner that hung above his bed was pinned in a few places with animated buttons of several national teams. On his dresser stood several spinning silver contraptions and a few comic books entitled 

The Adventures of Gogol the Enchanter.

 There was a fine layer of dust over them, suggesting it had been quite a while since they’d been touched. In the corner at a desk, several copies of the 

Daily Prophet

 were displayed, and a few articles had been cut and laid out to the side. Mariah flipped through them. The article announcing Voldemort's attack on the ministry that had killed Geoff's parents was among them, as were several others about raids on wizarding villages, the most recent article dated before Christmas.

She moved to replace the articles but something caught her eye just under the lip of the 

Prophets

. She pulled them back, revealing a short stack of letters, and began to thumb through them.

Meanwhile, down the hall, Geoff had stumbled upon what looked like Aldrik Lovell's office. The walls were covered with a number of mounted animal heads, and there were several jars of what Geoff was sure were scarabs on the large ebony desk in the center of the room. Geoff glanced at the animal heads briefly, feeling their glass eyes on him as he made his way to the desk. He pulled at a few of the drawers, finding them locked, but one of the small cabinet doors in the leg of the desk came free with some jiggling, and Geoff crouched to look inside. A small leatherbound notebook sat wedged between unused scrolls of parchment and corked ink bottles. Geoff removed it from the cupboard, only to catch a glimpse of a small bronze lock holding it closed just as he heard a shriek from down the hall. He hurriedly pocketed the notebook, grabbing his wand as he ran for the door. 

Remus was in the library when he heard the shriek. He had been inspecting a letter by an open box on the writing desk in the corner of the room when the sound of it made him jump so violently his arm knocked the desk, sending the open box tumbling off the edge, spilling its contents. Remus managed to catch the object just before it hit the floor, and it jingled sharply at the impact. He opened his hand to see a small, dull, silver bell with a long black handle. He picked the box up off of the floor and replaced the bell inside before running to the door and out into the hallway where he almost collided head-on with Geoff. 

"Woah, sorry Geoff, are you—” He broke off suddenly as he realized that his words had made no sound. He tried to speak again, but though he could feel the vibrations in his throat, no sound reached his ears. He turned back to Geoff, and that was when the full shock of what he was seeing hit him.

Geoffrey Mansfield was suspended in midair, halfway through a sprint towards the room at the end of the hall by the stairs where the shriek had come from. His eyes were wide, and his mouth open, wand at the ready, while his other hand held his robes. Remus circled him, touching his robes softly. They gave way under his touch, and the dent remained when he moved his finger away. 

He turned, then, walking to the end of the hall where the door there stood open. His feet made no noise on the wooden floor as he entered. Mariah stood by Kurt's desk, a letter in her hand, but she was staring at a large tarantula sitting on a stack of letters at the edge of the desktop. Remus stared at her, waving his hand in front of her face. Her eyes were glassy, as though frozen, and she did not react. His eyes traveled down her arm to the letter in her hand, and he circled her to get a closer look.



Dear Kurt,




I haven't heard from you at all. My house was attacked, I don't know if it's in the news at all, but they took my Dad. 




I'm safe for now but scared out of my mind. I don't know why they're after me. Please, write back, I don't know what to do. Please.




Love,




Mariah



Remus quickly snatched the letter from her hand, looking at it more closely, his eyes lingering on the date. Christmas break. Before Dumbledore had Obliviated her.

"Shit," said Remus. He heard his own voice. The world crashed back into motion. Mariah whirled around, and he barely had time to hide the letter behind his back before she was staring wildly at him.

"What the 

fuck

!?" she exclaimed. 

"Mariah--"

"How the fuck did you get here so fast!?"

Geoff barreled through the door, then, wand out, breathless. "Where are they? What's happened?" 

“No one’s here — did neither of you see what just happened?" asked Remus, dazed. 

"There's... there was a fucking 

spider

," said Mariah, looking back around, but it had retreated back into its shady glade beneath the newspaper clippings on Kurt's desk. She stared at her hand, which was clamped tightly around empty air. "Wasn’t I holding something?" 

"That's not important right now! I just stopped time!" 










Chapter 33: Murky Waters, 1995
    




Chapter Text

February 24, 1995

Mariah breathed a sigh of relief as Harry came sprinting up to the judges' table just as she had been beginning to give up hope. He looked white, and wildly out of breath, but he was there. 

"Well," boomed Ludo Bagman with his amplified voice, "all our champions are ready for the second task, which will start on my whistle. They have precisely an hour to recover what has been taken from them. On the count of three, then. One… two… three!" His whistle echoed shrilly off the water's surface and the four champions entered the water. Krum quickly transfigured his head into that of a shark, but still had human feet when he dove headfirst into the water. Both Fleur and Cedric Diggory disappeared underwater but didn't resurface, and Harry appeared to be choking violently before smashing face-forward into the lake. 

"Well, that didn't look encouraging," Mariah heard Madame Pomfrey sigh from behind her. She had to agree, and looked around at Geoff to catch his eye, but he did not meet her gaze, his eyes trained on the place where Harry had disappeared beneath the surface of the lake. Mariah readjusted her position, arms crossed in front of her as she watched the large clock mounted behind the judges' table. An hour to go… were they just going to stare at the lake in anxious worry for an hour? Her stomach began knitting itself into complicated knots. 

The sound of a camera made her jump, and she turned to see Evaleen Lovell lurking by the stands, taking pictures of the crowd. 

"Not again," she muttered, and Geoff turned his eyes away from the lake to look up at her. She met his gaze for the first time in weeks. "Can you take care of that?" she asked, gesturing toward Evaleen and her camera. "We already have one journalist too many ruining people's lives with Rita Skeeter always buzzing around."

Geoff didn't answer, but he headed off in Evaleen's direction, frowning. Mariah felt her heart pound in her chest. They had hardly spoken to each other since the Yule Ball, and she suspected that Geoff had been deliberately avoiding her. After Rita Skeeter’s article had come out about Hagrid, Geoff had had more classes on his plate, but something in the way he avoided her eyes and sat far from her at meals made her think there was something more that he wasn’t telling her, and the feeling deep in her gut on the rare occasion she did make eye contact with him made her think she knew exactly what it was. 

* * *

Evaleen greeted Geoff with a dazzling smile quite unlike anything she had worn the last time he had seen her, raising her camera to snap a picture as he approached. "Professor Mansfield, what a pleasure. Care to weigh in on the Task? I hear this 

particular

 tribe of mermaids--"

"Look," he said shortly, interrupting her, "after what Skeeter published about Hagrid, we can't have any journalists here. You understand."

"I can assure you, Rita Skeeter and I are on two 

completely

 different levels," said Evaleen, her smile dropping into a scowl. "The only way to get people like her out of the limelight is for people like me to pick up the slack, and I assure you, I intend to do just that." She waved away a buzzing bug near her face as she raised the camera again. 

"Please, Evaleen, this isn't personal--"

"Oh, please," she tossed her hair out of her face in the wind, laughing as she snapped a picture of the lake. "Don’t worry your little ginger head, I’m almost finished.” Geoff pursed his lips, but Evaleen quickly snapped a photo of him. “Done,” she said.

“Stop that,” said Geoff, grimacing. “Please don’t publish that.” 

“Oh, you sound so worried. Don’t worry, Professor, that one’s for me.” Evaleen stepped closer to him, and he swallowed nervously, glancing around to see if anyone was nearby.

“Evaleen, I told you, I can’t--”

“Come on, it’s not like your absent wife could reappear at any moment and catch us together,” said Evaleen, putting a hand on his shoulder.

Geoff caught her by the wrist, forcing her hand down, and Evaleen’s twinkling smile suddenly turned venomous. "This has nothing to do with my wife," he said.

Evaleen scoffed, shaking his hand off. "Please, it has 

everything

 to do with her, doesn't it?" she asked bitterly. "She's been gone for 

so

 long, and you're still 

so

 devoted -- marital loyalty is 

such

 a bitch, right?" She snapped a few more pictures of the spectators in the stands. "And to think, I opened up to you about 

my

 marital problems, and then you took advantage--"

"I did no such thing!" 

"--asking me about my husband and daring to suggest he was involved in some 

plot

--"

"Yes, because you're so bloody devoted to your husband that--"

"--when 

really

 all my husband has been doing is screwing around at the Quidditch pitch -- which, by the way, would you care to make a comment on that? On the record, if you don't mind--"

"I don't want to talk about your bloody 

husband

--"

"You've got to be 

fucking

 kidding me, Dad."

As one, Geoff and Evaleen looked up to see Joel Mansfield stalking across the grounds toward them, scowling. The shutter of Evaleen's camera clicked again as she snapped a picture of the surly fourth-year, and it was all Geoff could do to keep himself from knocking the camera out of her hands.

"What the 

fuck

, Dad! What -- you think just because Mum's in Azkaban you can do whatever the hell you want? Who's this, some reporter here to buy your sob story? What's the headline going to be -- 

Death Eater Divorce Leaves Desperate Single Dad Devastated

?"

"Joel--" Geoff started.

"Interesting alliteration," Evaleen said quietly beside him.

"

You

--" He said, on the verge of shouting, rounding on the journalist, who had pulled a quill from her bag and was jotting a note on a spare bit of parchment. "

You

 -- get out! You aren't welcome here--"

She gave him a tight-lipped smile and stuffed the parchment and quill back into her bag before turning away as Geoff turned on his heel to face his son again, mouth half-open to say something -- but Joel was already out of earshot, running back toward the castle.

* * *

March 7, 1995

There was a long silence that filled the cave with solemn tension after Sirius had finished his story outlining the history of Barty Crouch. Harry was thinking of the way Crouch's eyes had bulged as he'd looked down at his disobedient house-elf back in the woods at the Quidditch World Cup. This, then, must have been why Crouch had overreacted to Winky being found beneath the Dark Mark. It had brought back memories of his son, and the old scandal, and his fall from grace at the Ministry. 

"Moody says Crouch is obsessed with catching Dark wizards," Harry told Sirius. 

"Yeah, I've heard it's become a bit of a mania with him," said Sirius, nodding. "If you ask me, he still thinks he can bring back the old popularity by catching one more Death Eater."

"Maybe that's why he has Kurt Lovell working at school again," said Harry.

"Kurt Lovell is back at Hogwarts?" Sirius asked, surprised. "But I thought he was taken off my investigation." Harry shrugged. 

"He's supposedly a partial staff member this year working security, but I've barely seen him apart from the Tasks." 

"That's true," said Hermione. "I'd forgotten. And his wife has been poking around almost as much as Rita Skeeter. And didn't you say you saw him acting strangely at the Yule Ball?"

"Yeah. Nurse Jaeger was about to say something to me when he dragged her off to dance," said Harry. 

"We saw her in the garden later and she was upset about something, yeah," said Ron. 

"Something Lovell said to her?" asked Sirius. 

Harry shrugged again. "Dunno," he said. "Didn't hear what he was saying to her." He was surprised to see Sirius's expression suddenly turn cold. "What is it? You think he has something to do with Crouch?"

"Maybe Lovell helped Crouch sneak up here to search Snape's office!" said Ron triumphantly, looking at Hermione. 

Sirius frowned. "That doesn't make sense at all."

"Yeah, it does!" said Ron excitedly, but Sirius shook his head, his frown deepening. 

"Listen, if Crouch wants to investigate Snape, why hasn't he been coming to judge the tournament? He wouldn't have to sneak in. It would be an ideal excuse to make regular visits to Hogwarts and keep an eye on him. "

"So you think Snape could be up to something, then?" asked Harry, but Hermione broke in. 

"Look, I don't care what you say, Dumbledore trusts Snape--"

"Oh, give it a rest, Hermione," said Ron impatiently. "I know Dumbledore's brilliant and everything, but that doesn't mean a really clever Dark wizard couldn't fool him--"

"Why did Snape save Harry's life in the first year, then? Why didn't he just let him die?"

"I dunno -- maybe he thought Dumbledore would kick him out--"

"What d'you think, Sirius?" Harry said loudly, and Ron and Hermione stopped bickering to listen. 

"I think they've both got a point," said Sirius, looking thoughtfully at Ron and Hermione. "Ever since I found out Snape was teaching here, I've wondered why Dumbledore hired him. Snape's always been fascinated by the Dark Arts, he was famous for it at school. Slimy, oily, greasy-haired kid, he was," Sirius added, and Harry and Ron grinned at each other. "Snape knew more curses when he arrived at school than half the kids in seventh year, and he was part of a gang of Slytherins who nearly all turned out to be Death Eaters."

Sirius held up his fingers and began ticking off names. 

"Rosier and Wilkes -- they were both killed by Aurors the year before Voldemort fell. The Lestranges -- they're a married couple -- they're in Azkaban. Avery -- from what I've heard he wormed his way out of trouble by saying he'd been acting under the Imperius Curse -- he's still at large. Emilie Delacroix, brought into Azkaban a few years after I was. But as far as I know, Snape was never even accused of being a Death Eater -- not that that means much. Plenty of them were never caught. And Snape's certainly clever and cunning enough to keep himself out of trouble. But," Sirius held up a finger, "Kurt Lovell was also a part of that crowd."

"What?" said Harry. "You think Kurt Lovell is a Death Eater?" 

"I've never been able to prove it," said Sirius. "He became one of the best Aurors at the Ministry during that time, but by 'best,' I mean he was Crouch's go-to in difficult cases. He was only too happy to use the Unforgivable Curses and other means to get confessions. And he had a very high success rate."

"How could he be that close to Crouch and still be a Death Eater?" asked Hermione. 

"Because Lovell is not a fanatic. He never has been. He finds the line and he stands as close to it as possible so that if the scale starts to tip he can easily jump to the winning side. He's strategic that way. Smart, but no morals at all." 

"Then… what does he want with Nurse Jaeger?" asked Hermione. Sirius hesitated.

"Well… it could be one of two things," he said, holding up one finger. "One, he is still investigating her because of her history with me. Or two," he held up another finger, "it has something to do with her history with him." 

"But what history is that?" asked Ron. 

"We were close," said Sirius slowly. "We were friends in school, and stayed close after." He licked his lips, measured. "Near the end of the war things were different. Nobody trusted each other. There was too much happening, too many people under the Imperius Curse. Things were strained. And then after I was arrested, they arrested her as a possible collaborator. I saw them bring her in. That was the last time I saw her until last year." 

"They took her to Azkaban?" said Harry. Sirius nodded. 

"Yes, and then they took her out of Azkaban," he said. "About two weeks after she was brought in she was pulled for questioning and ended up being interrogated by Lovell." He gritted his teeth. "We had all been at Hogwarts together, in the same year. They dated in our seventh year. They knew each other. I don't know the details, but I hadn't told Mariah -- Nurse Jaeger -- about the switch with the Fidelius Charm. Nobody knew about that, not even Dumbledore. She would have been innocent even under Veritaserum. She was let go."

Sirius ran a hand through his matted hair, sweeping it away from his face. "A year or so later I heard they were getting married."

"Wait, what!?" exclaimed Ron. "He tortured her, and then they got 

married?

" 

"I don't know. As far as she knew, 

I

 was the murderer. He might not have had to torture her at all." He glanced at Hermione. "You said he has a wife who's been poking around?"

Hermione nodded. "Evaleen Lovell, she is a reporter for 

Witch Weekly

."

"So he's remarried, but he's having secret conversations with Nurse Jaeger," he said. "Toeing the line, like I said. Hasn't changed at all." He lapsed into silence, frowning again. 

"Do you think she could be working with him?" asked Hermione.

"How could she be working with him? She's Harry's godmother," said Ron. "Or at least we think she is… I mean, she was your mum's maid of honor, right?" 

Harry looked at his friend and shrugged, then looked at Sirius, seeking confirmation. Sirius grimaced.

"Yeah, she's your godmother, and the fact that I am the one telling you that is… something," he said, shaking his head.

"She hasn't exactly acted like a godmother, has she," said Hermione softly. 

"She's barely spoken to me," said Harry. They lapsed into momentary silence. Sirius watched him closely, frowning. 

"Do you think he's controlling her somehow?" suggested Hermione, breaking the tension. " Maybe if he was controlling her then, she could be under the Imperius curse now. I mean, he's head of security. Who would ask questions?"

"That's a thought," said Sirius. "Is there anyone keeping an eye on her? Anyone who would notice if she was acting out of the ordinary?" 

"Well… last year she was with Professor Lupin a lot," said Ron. "And Professor Mansfield."

Sirius shrugged. "I would keep an eye, but if Mansfield is around her enough that he would notice anything off, I think she isn't being controlled."

"But what if Mansfield is a Death Eater?" asked Ron, looking at Hermione again with hope. "His wife is a Death Eater after all, and Joel Mansfield is evil enough, hanging around with Malfoy and his gang--"

"There's no chance of that," said Sirius.

"Why not?" asked Ron, his face falling.

"Because Geoffrey Mansfield's entire family was slaughtered by Death Eaters while we were in school," said Sirius.

"Oh..." Ron looked uncomfortable, but Sirius had already moved on.

"You haven't seen Lovell around Snape at all have you?" 

"No… I don't think I've seen them together," said Harry.

"That's very unusual," muttered Sirius. "They were always together in school. And if both of them drifted away from their Death Eater friends, they would have a lot to talk about." 

"Snape knows Karkaroff pretty well, but he wants to keep that quiet," suggested Ron. 

"Yeah, you should've seen Snape's face when Karkaroff turned up in Potions yesterday!" said Harry quickly. 

They talked for a while longer, until Sirius heaved an enormous sigh and rubbed his shadowed eyes. 

"What's the time?"

Harry checked his watch, then remembered it hadn't been working since it had spent over an hour in the lake. 

"It's half past three," said Hermione. 

"You'd better get back to school," Sirius said, getting to his feet. "Now listen... " He looked particularly hard at Harry. "I don't want you lot sneaking out of school to see me, all right? Just send notes to me here. I still want to hear about anything odd. But you're not to go leaving Hogwarts without permission; it would be an ideal opportunity for someone to attack you. "

"No one's tried to attack me so far, except a dragon and a couple of grindylows," Harry said, but Sirius scowled at him. 

"I don't care… I'll breathe freely again when this tournament's over, and that's not until June. And don't forget, if you're talking about me among yourselves, call me Snuffles, okay?"

He handed Harry the empty napkin and flask and went to pat Buckbeak good-bye. "I'll walk to the edge of the village with you," said Sirius, "see if I can scrounge another paper. "

He transformed into the great black dog before they left the cave, and they walked back down the mountainside with him, across the boulder-strewn ground, and back to the stile. Here he allowed each of them to pat him on the head, before turning and setting off at a run around the outskirts of the village. Harry, Ron, and Hermione made their way back into Hogsmeade and up toward Hogwarts. 

* * *

Mariah left the bed in silence as Remus rolled over, his scarred face pressed heavily into his pillow. It was getting lighter but the sun had not yet risen. Mariah removed three more bottles of Wolfsbane potion and placed them on the dresser where Remus would clearly see them upon waking. She felt a pang of guilt as she saw his face, peaceful and sleeping. She hadn't told him about the Yule Ball. Geoff hadn't told him yet. She hadn't intended to stay, but he had progressed like they normally did, and she'd went along with it. How could she disappoint Remus, too? On top of Geoff...

She had just moved to grab her robes from where they lay on the floor by the window when she saw the dog. A skinny, ragged, large, bearlike black dog staring at her from the shadows of an alley across the street, a newspaper in its mouth. 


Sirius? 


Heart racing, Mariah dressed quickly and left the room as quietly as she could, speeding down the stairs. But when she emerged into the light of the street lamps outside of the Hog's Head, the dog was gone, and she was alone. Something caught her attention on the doormat- a rolled up, slightly damp 

Daily Prophet.

 She picked it up and unrolled it, and there the title that stared back at her stood out starker and more accusing than any disappointed friend ever could.


Married to a Murderer: The Shocking Truth of Dumbledore’s Controversial Choice of Staff 











Chapter 34: Felix and Freleng
    




Chapter Text

It was the first time the Delacroix Easter Spectacle had ever been cut short. Once all of the guests had arrived and Mr. and Mrs. Delacroix had given their customary welcome toast, the Death Eaters among them had felt their marks burn on their arm and Disapparated immediately, rendering the Great Spectacle more of a small intimate gathering. 

Those who had left the event at the summons found themselves reappearing to a cliff overlooking a stormy sea, where the Dark Lord was pacing restlessly, unperturbed by the sea spray or the gusting wind. 

"It seems that 

some

 of you have your own interpretation of the word 'orders'," he said sharply, once he was satisfied that his followers had fallen into rank around him. "As used in the phrase 'those are your orders.' Can anyone define the word for me? How about you, Lovell?" 

"My Lord, I--" Kurt broke off with a scream as Voldemort rounded on him, flinging a curse from the end of his wand tip. 

"Is it so hard to take one 

single

 life, Lovell?" 

"I'm sorry, my Lord, I’m — I'm sorry, I--" Kurt shrieked again as Voldemort turned his wand on him a second time.

"Not that you're the only one to blame,” Voldemort went on, turning away from Kurt where he lay doubled on the ground. “What is 

your

 excuse, Snape?”

"I have none," said Snape shortly, and Voldemort laughed, high and cold. 

The laugh died on his lips, and the Dark Lord turned to Kurt’s father. “Useless children," he muttered. "You must be proud, Aldrik."

Kurt looked up from where he lay on the ground to look at his father, who said nothing from behind his mask. 

"Fortunately,” Voldemort said, turning away from Aldrik Lovell to fix each of his Death Eaters with an icy stare in turn, “last evening's raid went accordingly. Though I would not call it a success so much as 

damage control

.” The last two words were uttered with particular derision, and the Dark Lord shot a brief, disdainful look down at Kurt before glancing up at the floating body of a woman suspended over the cliff’s edge, rotating slowly in midair, a sneer curling his lip. "It's your lucky day, Roxana."

From her place in line, Emilie ventured a glance at the woman’s face, but quickly looked away again as she caught the woman's hazel gaze. Glancing around through her mask, she saw that everyone else seemed to be staring at the ground to avoid the woman’s gaze as well. 

Voldemort turned away from the woman, gesturing absently at her levitating body. “Lucius, you and the others take care of this," he said. "I trust that the children can carry out a simple retrieval from your house, Aldrik. Prove themselves useful for once.” He scowled down at Kurt. “That's not too much to ask of you, is it, Lovell? Or perhaps I should have Rosier or Delacroix lead this little excursion until you’ve proven you’re capable of following orders.” 

“We’ll get it, my lord,” Kurt said, scrambling to his feet, his knees shaking beneath his robes.

"I hope so, for your sake," said Voldemort softly. Kurt felt a chill run down his spine and he quickly Disapparated, eager to leave the seaside cliff behind them.

* * *

"Merlin's beard!"

Geoff jumped, startled, as Mariah appeared suddenly at his elbow. She turned the bell over in her hands, considering it. The three of them had retreated downstairs to retrieve several liquor bottles from the cabinet in the dining room before settling onto the plush sofa and squashy armchairs of the living room to examine the bell more closely. After no small amount of coaxing, Mariah and Geoff had convinced their friend to join them in having a drink as they experimented with the bell and its time-stopping properties.

"How long was that?" asked Remus from the couch where he was holding a very large glass of absinthe. 

"Thirty seconds," she answered.

"That's not very long," said Geoff, raising his eyebrows.

From his place on the couch, Remus frowned. “It's long enough," he said.

Mariah shook the bell again, but nothing happened. 

“And it doesn’t work for how long after?” 

“Fifteen minutes,” said Remus, looking at his watch. “Which isn’t long, but still.”

“So what do we do with it?” asked Geoff. 

"So let's take it with us," said Mariah, and the glass of absinthe in the werewolf’s hand paused halfway to his mouth as his frown deepened. "Aldrik Lovell doesn't know who we are." 

"It's not Aldrik Lovell I'm afraid of," Remus muttered, taking a sip of his drink. Geoff shifted a little in his seat, busying himself with examining the intricate pattern of the crystal glass in his own hand.

Mariah looked from one to the other. "Oh, I know. It's You-Know-Who, isn't it?" she asked. "You think Kurt's dad is a Death Eater?"

Remus and Geoff glanced at each other. Mariah snorted.

“Have you two ever considered spending less time around Sirius?" she asked. 

"All the time," said Geoff.

"Every day," said Remus at exactly the same time. They exchanged another glance. 

"Look, Kurt's dad's job is to deal mysterious antique magical items, you guys, I hardly think this is part of some big conspiracy," said Mariah. "Better yet, maybe we can blame 

Kurt

 for this thing’s convenient disappearance,” she added, gesturing at the bell in her hand.

"I mean..." Geoff looked at Remus, shrugging. "I guess?" he finished weakly, faltering under his friend’s disapproving look.

Remus got to his feet and took the bell from Mariah, carefully replacing it in its box. "For now," he said, handing Mariah the now half-empty bottle of absinthe. "We drink."

“That’s not a no,” Mariah said slowly, looking from the bottle in her hand to Remus and back again.

"Cheers to that," said Geoff, taking a long swig from his glass. Mariah raised the bottle to him in a brief toast, but got up from the couch and headed for the stairs without drinking, setting the bottle on an end table near the doorway.

"Where are you going?" asked Remus.

"To see if there's anything else in this place worth taking," said Mariah. Geoff got up and headed for the hallway.

Remus frowned at her, but his disapproval was quickly redirected to Geoff as he stood. “And where are 

you

 going?"

"To take a piss," Geoff answered, following Mariah out of the room. 

"Well I guess I'll just stay here then, shall I?" Remus called out into the empty room.

* * *

"No, love, look I told you that I did 

not

 forget we were in a relationship, I was busy with classes. No, really, I was! We had exams, and then Christmas, and then... No, I didn't forget you over Christmas — it — the owl must have gotten blown off course, Gwenog, I didn't know it never reached you, I... well, no, I... Don't you know we have N.E.W.T.s coming up? School is a madhouse, Gwenog, I... Now, hang on, 

she

 asked 

me

 to the party, I—I know you're in the Slug Club, too, I... Now, hang on — that is totally uncalled for!"

James kicked Sirius in the shin. "You're tying up the Floo Network, mate," he hissed. “And Lily and I are tired of staring at your arse for the past forty-five minutes." 

Sirius swatted at James's leg behind him. "One moment, one moment — Gwenog, just let me come over, I'll make it up to you—hey, hey!"

Sirius's head re-emerged from the fireplace, a foot planted on his face, driving him backwards. The foot retracted and the flames in the grate faded from the brilliant emerald back to their usual orange. 

“Well, I guess that answers that," said Lily from the armchair.

Sirius rubbed at his face where Gwenog’s foot had been and sighed, staring up at the ceiling. "For the first time in my post-pubescent years, I feel truly alone," he said solemnly.

"Get up, you sap," James said, kicking him.

The fireplace blazed green and Sirius sat up sharply. "Gwenog?" he asked, grinning hopefully, but the voice that came from the fireplace was not Gwenog’s.

"There's been an attack at St. Mungo’s,” the voice said. “Mariah Jaeger's father has been murdered. Find her.” The message delivered, the flames turned red-gold once more, leaving the three teenagers in an uncomfortable silence, Lily’s hands clasped over her mouth as James looked to Sirius, who had gone pale, still staring at the flames.

"

Shit

," James said.

"They're at Geoff's aunt's house," said Lily. "We should..."

"Right... Sirius?" asked James, taking his wand out of his pocket. "You coming?" 

"Yeah... Yeah, I’m coming," said Sirius, dazed.

James and Lily Disapparated without another word, leaving Sirius to stagger to his feet, running a hand through his dark hair as he drew his wand from the inside of his robes. He took a deep breath, and Disapparated after them.

When the world settled back into view, Sirius found himself in the center of an immaculate living room, Lily and James’s voices already heading down the hall, calling out for Remus, Geoff, or Mariah. Their calls echoed up the stairs, but there was no answer. 

Sirius stepped into the hallway and spotted a nearby open door. He pushed it aside to see a study, free of dust, but piled with books and paper in what looked like a state of mid-organization. An empty bottle of Firewhiskey stood on the edge of the desk. Sirius examined it as Lily and James returned downstairs.

"They're not here," he said as they entered the study behind him. "Probably went to get more booze," he added to himself under his breath.

"Where would they be? Mariah had nowhere else to go, and Geoff was set to be here all weekend," said Lily. Sirius glanced around at the shelves of potions. 

"Nothing's broken," he said. "So they weren't attacked."

"There's a bottle of Felix Felicis missing," said James, indicating an empty labeled glass case on the desk.

"So they needed a little liquid luck where they were going... that's a Remus move for sure," said Sirius. He held up the Firewhiskey. "Not sure how well it would mix with this.”

"We have to find them," said Lily, shuffling through the papers and books on the table. "If they got Mariah's dad, for all we know, she could be next." 

James joined Lily in searching the table. Sirius glanced at a book sitting on a chair, scanning its contents.

"What was it Geoff's uncle did again?" he asked.

"No idea," said James. Sirius looked down the list, then up at the walls. He grabbed the book from the chair and pulled the chair over to the shelves, climbing onto it and shuffling through the potions.

"What are you doing?" asked Lily. Sirius stepped down, holding two potions. 

"

Potion No. 374 - to be used with Potion No. 375 to locate wayward children

," recited Sirius. 

"That's brilliant!" exclaimed James.

"None of them are children, we're all of age," corrected Lily. James's grin slid off his face. 

"Oh," he said sadly.

"Don't Muggles age out at 18?" asked Sirius. "Mariah's Muggle-born… It might work, right?" 

Lily blinked, considering. "...you know, I don't know, maybe," she said. "So what do we do, drink it?"

"Just says ‘use with,’” said Sirius, glancing back at the book. The three of them stood in silence for a minute.

"Give them to me," said Lily. She set the potions on the desk and took out her wand, giving it a light swish and flick. The potions rose into the air. "Get behind the desk," she said. "You never know what might cause an explosion."

The three of them crouched behind the desk and she levitated the potions toward a cauldron sitting in the corner of the room. With a flick of her wand, the bottles tipped, pouring in at once.  They braced themselves, but there was no explosion. Instead, the cauldron bubbled to the brim. Standing, they saw it had a mirror-like film across the top.

"Sirius, go see what it says," said James.

"Why me?" he asked.

"My eyes are already going, you have less to lose," said James.

"That means I have 

more

 to lose," said Sirius, frowning.

"Just go!" interrupted Lily, pushing him.

Cautiously, Sirius approached the cauldron, peering down onto its surface. "I see a big house," he said. "On a lake." The vision swirled and when it stopped three faces stared back at him from a large frame. "

Fuck

, they're at Kurt Lovell's house."

"Kurt Lovell doesn't live by a lake," said James. "We've staked it out." 

"Well, he must have another house, because that's his family portrait in a big-ass mansion by a lake,” said Sirius. The vision swirled again. "And there's Remus, Geoff, and Mariah drinking absinthe."

"Why would the Lovells have another home?" James asked. 

"Because they're rich assholes, James, they need another house just to laugh about in conversations!” Sirius shot back.

"But where is it?" interjected Lily.

Sirius didn't answer. The surface of the potion was swirling again, a new vision forming before him. Mariah walking up the stairs, and behind her, three figures dressed in black, materializing out of thin air.

* * *

Emilie was not having a spectacular Easter holiday. She was cold and wet from the spray of the sea, her damp robes clinging to her legs -- quickly fixed by a stream of hot air pouring from the end of her wand as she, Kurt, and Rosier collected themselves at the base of the staircase.

"This has been a spectacular Easter holiday, hasn't it?" Rosier announced. "I daresay, a true Easter spectacle!"

"I hope that's sarcasm," Kurt answered. Emilie didn't bother to glance up from drying the hem of her robes.

"Why would it be sarcasm?" Rosier drawled. "Good food, good company, great entertainment!" He grinned behind his mask as Kurt glowered at him. "Delacroix's parents brought out the good wine, and now I'm in charge of this little collection mission--" Emilie gave a derisive snort from behind him. "Oh, what, did you have something to say?"

She finally glanced up at him, frowning. "No, of course not. It's been a 

spectacular

 holiday. Everything's just peachy." She dropped the hem of her robes and slipped her wand back into her pocket. "What are we even here for, exactly?"

"The bell," Rosier said, motioning them forward, only to stop after two steps, looking from the staircase to the corridor ahead of him and back again.

"Need some directions?" Kurt asked, folding his arms across his chest and frowning 

"You'd better shut it, Lovell, we all know where you stand with the Dark Lord," spat Rosier.

"I'm just saying you look confused. Not a good look, though it does seem pretty natural for you," said Kurt.

"Shove it! This wouldn't be a problem if we were in your 

normal

 house."

"Don't be jealous you were never invited here." 

"Why the hell do you even have two houses--"

Emilie huffed and pushed past them, cutting Rosier off mid-sentence. "If the two of you are going to stand around bitching, I'm going to fix my hair."

"Delacroix--"

"

I'm going to fix my hair

," she shot back over her shoulder, already lowering the hood of her robe and beginning to pull the pins out of her wilted up-do. "Come get me when you're ready to actually do our job." She'd been to the Lovell summer home enough times growing up to remember there was a powder room off the corridor that connected the main sitting room to the kitchen. Grumbling under her breath, she went to stick her hair pins between her teeth only for her fingers to collide with the front of her mask. "Oh, for fuck's sake--" She sighed and dropped the hair-pins into the pocket of her robes. Reaching the door of the powder room, she tried the crystal handle and pushed the door open.

"Woah, hang on, mate—!”

There was a hasty rustling of robes, and Emilie stopped dead in her tracks, hand still on the crystal doorknob, grey eyes wide as she saw Geoffrey Mansfield zipping up his fly in front of the toilet, the quick flash of a Union Jack visible betwixt his nimble fingers.

"G-Geoff?"

Startled by the sound of a voice that wasn't Remus's and the bathroom door snapping shut and the lock sliding into place, Geoff looked up sharply, brown eyes wide at the masked figure stepping into the bathroom behind him.

The bathroom door snapped shut, and Geoff found a hand pressed tightly over his mouth, and behind her mask, Emilie held her breath, listening intently for the muted voices of Kurt and Rosier still arguing elsewhere in the house, but their voices were still out of earshot, apparently not having come any closer. Satisfied that the other boys had not followed her, she removed the hand from Geoff's mouth and took a step back, pulling her mask off. "What the 

fuck

 are you doing here?" she hissed. 

"

Emilie? 

I might ask you the same thing!" he answered, only to be shushed by her again.

"Who else is here? And what's with the mask?" he demanded once she'd removed her hand from his mouth again, and she was grateful that this time he kept his voice down.

"Lovell and Rosier," she said. "Just the two of them. They don't know you're here, you can leave before they know—” She swatted his hand away as he reached out to take the mask from her hand to inspect it more closely. "Wash your hands," she said. "Christ, were you raised in a barn? And -- hang on, are you 

drunk

?"

"What's it to you if I am?" he asked as they shuffled around each other so he could wash his hands in the basin. "Wouldn't you be drunk if -- if half the stuff that's happened to me happened to you?"

"No, I wouldn’t be drunk because I'm 

pregnant

, remember? Or did you just forget that little detail like your best mate Sirius Black?" She frowned at him and folded her arms across her chest, meeting his gaze in the mirror hanging above the sink. Catching sight of her own reflection over his shoulder, she hastily began combing through her dark hair with her fingers.

"You look fine," he said, turning off the water and turning to face her again, leaning back against the sink and sticking his hands into his robe pockets.

"I don't," she answered. "I'm a wreck. I spent all morning crying at home and then ended up on that fucking cliff--"

"Cliff? What cliff?" Geoff's brow furrowed as he frowned, trying to sort out his thoughts. His eyes strayed to the mask in her hand again. "Emilie, what are you doing here? Why are Lovell and Rosier here?"

Her fingers halted in their frantic combing, and her eyes shifted from her own reflection to look at him briefly before she busied herself with adjusting her robes. "Please don't ask me that," she mumbled.

"Okay," he said, and he rocked his weight back forward to take a step toward her, putting one hand on her arm, and she stopped her fidgeting, glancing up at him. "Okay, fine. You don't have to answer that. Can we... talk about something else, at least?"

She felt color rise to her cheeks. "If you mean the baby--"

"Not even the baby," he said quickly. "I mean we probably should talk about that -- properly, I mean, eventually -- but we can start with something easier."

"Easier," she repeated, her tone flat, shaking her arm free from his touch. "How about we start with what 

you're

 doing here."

He shrugged. "Mariah wanted to come trash Lovell's place."

Emilie folded her arms across her chest, making an irritated noise. "Oh, so you've moved onto Mariah now? You move fast."

"No, no, it's not like that," he said quickly. "Mariah and Remus were helping me clean out my uncle's study--"

“Remus? Remus 

Lupin

? Is he here, too? Which means Potter and Black can't be far behind, if they aren't here already--"

"No, no, James and--Potter and Black aren't here," Geoff said quickly. "It's just the three of us. Me, Mariah, and Remus. The three of us were cleaning out Uncle Joel's study after we found his--" he broke off, his voice caught in his throat. "He's dead," he amended. "My uncle, I mean. My aunt wanted some help going through his things; Remus and Mariah volunteered to help, that's all."

"And somehow in all of that, Mariah just decided to come trash the Lovell family's summer home, and you decided to tag along?”

"Yes." He waited a beat, watching her skeptical face. "Look, we got to talking about our exes, and--"

"Oh, your exes. Right, so Mariah’s pissed about her little falling out with Ickle Kurtsy-kins, and that's why she wanted to wreck his summer home? Were you planning on dropping by my place on your way home, maybe crash the party? Everyone will be there, the Rosiers, the Averys, even your old pals the Lestranges, all of them, you could make a right show of it--"

Now it was Geoff's turn to shush her as her voice rose. "Emilie, please," he said, once she'd quieted down, pursing her lips. "Listen, Mariah wanting to come here has nothing to do with -- with any of that. And -- look, I know you said you didn't choose any of this, but, you know, maybe I didn't choose it either. I mean, I did -- I stood up and volunteered to throw myself into it because I thought it was a cause I believed in, but -- I mean, I don't want anyone else to go through what I went through, or feel the way I did, or lose anyone. I just wanted to stop all of it--"

"Yeah, a real hero. Such a Gryffin--"

"This isn't 

about

 Gryffindor and Slytherin, and you know it," he snapped.

Emilie shut her mouth and clenched her jaw, looking down at the powder room floor. She could feel tears welling into her eyes and willed them away, but before she could brush them away, tears were already rolling down her cheeks.

"I'm... I'm sorry," Geoff said. "That came out... worse than I meant it to."

"You're right," she said. She sniffed, wiping tears away from her face, and looked back up at him. "You're right," she said again. "It's not about some stupid school rivalry. It's... I don't know what it's about, but... it's bigger than us."

"I know," he said. He took a hesitant step toward her and put a hand to her cheek, and this time she didn't draw away from his touch. "But we're both part of this now, and we can't do anything except try to protect the people we care about, only... only the people I care about died before I could protect them. But you, you still have everyone. Your parents, your friends--"

"What friends?" she asked bitterly. "Rosier? Snape? Lovell? Yeah, some friends they are."

"Fine, screw them. You still have me."

She looked into his face and saw a confidence in his eyes that seemed to be fueled by more than just the firewhiskey she could smell on his breath. "You," she said.

"If you'll have me," he said. He tucked a strand of her dark hair behind her ear. "Look, I know -- I fucked up. I'm sorry. I blamed you for things that weren't your fault. I didn't trust you when I should have, and I let everyone else tell me what I should think, and... I know you must have been dealing with the same shit from your end, but you didn't -- you didn't walk away, even when you could have--"

"Even when I 

should

 have," she corrected. "And now, here you are, with two of your mates, breaking into Kurt Lovell's summer home, and here I am… I don't know." She looked down, considering. "I didn't sleep with him, for what it's worth," she said, looking back up at him. “With Sirius, I mean."

"I know. He was right proud of himself when he told me."

Emilie thought back to the night after the Slug Club party, kissing Sirius in the corridor outside the Slytherin common room, their conversation in the darkness as they lay between her emerald sheets -- 

Christ... you're actually in love with him.

 "What else... did Sirius tell you?"

"Honestly? I haven't spoken to him since. Is there something else he should have told me?"

“No.”

Geoff frowned, and she knew that she’d answered too quickly, but he didn’t press for more information. “Did Sirius tell 

you

 anything?” he asked.

“He told me you have the softest lips he’s ever—” Emilie broke off and, despite herself, she grinned at the mortified look on Geoff’s face. “Don’t tell me that’s 

true

,” she said. “You kissed Sirius Black?”

“To be clear, 

he

 kissed 

me

,” Geoff said pointedly, and through her tears, Emilie choked back a laugh.

She unfolded her arms from across her chest, smiling, reaching up to touch the side of his face with one hand, her thumb brushing across his mouth. “You always 

did

 have soft lips,” she said.

“I still do,” he said, grinning, and Emilie rose on her toes to kiss him.

* * *

Back in the living room, Rosier paced while Kurt leaned against a wall, waiting for orders.

"Maybe we should work from the ground up, just to be sure we've covered the whole house. That would be better than splitting up. Yeah. Or should we search top down--"

Kurt rolled his eyes and shifted his weight onto his feet, heading up the staircase.

"Hey! Where are you going, Lovell?" snapped Rosier. 

"To my room. It's my house," said Kurt, halting halfway up the flight of stairs. "I can search the upstairs while I'm there." 

"Hang on. I'm the leader. I'll say who gets to search upstairs," said Rosier loudly. He paused. Kurt stared at him incredulously. "You go search upstairs."

"Aye-aye, sir," said Kurt, rolling his eyes again as he walked upstairs. 

Kurt was not having a spectacular Easter. His body ached from the Cruciatus curse. He was still shivering from the ocean spray and his cold sweat. He was exhausted. Not only had they woken up in the early hours of the morning to attend the Delacroix Easter Spectacle, but they had worked through the night. He was tired, humiliated, and sore. His father had punished him before the Dark Lord had had a chance for his failures. After so many months of plotting, of secrets, of holding on with one hand and sharpening the knife in the other, why couldn't he do his one job? Why couldn't he kill?

He shut the door to his room and leaned his back against it, peeling his mask and his hood off and covering his eyes with his hands. He slowly sank to the floor, crossing his arms over his knees and burying his head in his elbow. 

For the past months he had been doing everything he could to please the Dark Lord and his father while keeping Mariah safe. He had thought he could do both. If he could have convinced them that she was dead he could have hidden her somehow until it was all over. His stomach ached from stress. If he didn't kill someone soon, he wasn't going to last much longer. 

Kurt opened his mouth and bit his arm very hard, and screamed into the skin so that the sound was muffled. He pounded a fist on the floor and leaned his head back against the door, his stress escaping him in short sobs. His father, the Dark Lord, Snape, the constant shadow of death looming over him these past months had made him sleepless and nervous and desperate, and now it seemed he had ultimately failed. He had been tortured, and he was no longer in charge, but he was still alive, for now. If he could somehow gain a second chance...

Running his hands over his face, he laughed breathlessly. It took him a few minutes until he regained his steady breathing, and got to his feet. Looking in a mirror on his wall, he poured water into a dish from the tip of his wand and splashed some on his face. At least now that Mariah had dumped him he would have a fighting chance for survival. As long as she kept out of the way, he could find a way to get back in the Dark Lord's favor. 

Straightening, he met his gaze in the mirror, and his eyes hardened. Then in one swift movement, he yanked the door open and headed off down the hall towards his father's study. 

Under the bed, Mariah breathed freely again. 

* * *

Rosier, still downstairs, was frowning, his spectacular Easter suddenly seeming slightly less spectacular. Kurt had stormed off and Emilie still hadn't returned from the powder room, and he was left standing at the foot of the stairs, in charge of a simple retrieval mission that was falling apart before his very eyes. Like Emilie, he had spent his fair share of summer holidays at the Lovell summer home, and surmised that Aldrik Lovell's bedroom was as likely a place as any for the bell to be found, and set off in that direction, crossing through the sitting room and pausing in the corridor outside the powder room where was sure Emilie had disappeared to.

"Delacroix!" he barked, rapping on the door with his knuckles. "You still in there?"

"Fuck off, Rosier," came a reply from the other side of the door.

"God, are you crying 

again

?" There was an indistinct sound from inside the bathroom, and Rosier rolled his eyes and kept moving.

Remus’s Easter was adequate. Pleasantly buzzed, despite his initial disapproval of his friends' drinking habits, he had taken the bell out onto the back lawn by the lake to experiment.

When he shook it, it was as though a wall closed in around his ears, cutting out all sound save for his own breathing. He looked up at a crow near the roof curled with arched wings in a landing position, completely stationary. Stepping lightly off of the back porch steps, he walked towards the water and toward the gazebo, picked up a large stone.

“Eighteen… nineteen… twenty… twenty-one…” he muttered to himself, drawing his arm back before launching the stone forward across the water. The rock froze in mid-air the moment it left his hand. Seconds later, when time resumed, Remus laughed as it left the place where it had been suspended in midair, shooting through the air like a rocket before landing with a loud splash several yards away.

Remus felt a nudge somewhere behind his navel, and suddenly felt a strong desire to see if the house had any side entrances. "All right, all right, Felix," he muttered, moving away from the lake's edge. Around the corner of the house, he found a small door built into the foundation and opened it, stooping slightly to make his way inside.

No sooner had the small cellar door closed behind Remus than the back door of the house opened, and Rosier stepped outside into the murky day, frowning in the direction of the empty gazebo. 

From his place in Aldrik Lovell's bedroom, he'd heard a loud splash and peered out the window in time to see ripples spreading across the surface of the otherwise still lake, and taken it upon himself to investigate. As he'd made his way out to the back deck, he'd paused at the door of the powder room and tried the crystal handle. Finding it still locked, he'd rapped his knuckles sharply on the door.

"You playing games in there, Delacroix?" he'd called through the door, and Emilie had called back an obscenity a moment later.

With Emilie still in the bathroom fixing her hair, Rosier had stepped out onto the deck muttering to himself about "fucking lovelorn Lovell," expecting to see Kurt staring moodily at the lake, skipping rocks from the gazebo -- but no one was there. Scowling, Rosier crossed his arms, walking to the end of the deck and peering around the side of the house, but no one was there, either. He tutted loudly in disapproval, then bit his tongue. His mother tutted like that. He was turning into his mother.

With another scowl at the lake, Rosier shut the back door behind him, returning inside the house, giving the powder room door another solid thump with his fist for good measure as he passed it on his way back to Aldrik's bedroom.

* * *

Geoff's Easter holiday -- which, in the scheme of things, had been decidedly not spectacular to begin with -- was finally beginning to look up. He felt giddy, and he couldn't say if it was because of the firewhiskey, the Felix Felicis, or the Slytherin girl perched on edge of the bathroom vanity, tugging at the front of his robes to pull him closer to her.

He'd had a fleeting thought that perhaps this was some ploy to get him to let his guard down, but with Felix Felicis putting the right words on the tip of his tongue and nagging at him to twist his fingers into Emilie's hair as he leaned in for another kiss, he wasn't concerned; luck, after all, was on his side, and he was thoroughly enjoying himself.

Even the intermittent knocks on the door and Rosier shouting for Emilie to quit fixing her hair and get back to the task at hand couldn’t dampen his good mood, but at yet another knock on the door, Emilie detached herself from Geoff and let out an audible groan. "Jesus, how many times to I have to tell you--"

"Um -- Geoff?"

The color drained from Emilie's face at the sound of a voice that wasn't Rosier's, and her eyes widened as she looked at Geoff for support, but he was still grinning, and even laughed out loud.

"Yeah, I'm here," he called through the door. He gave Emilie a large wink before turning to call through the door over his shoulder, "Hey, Moony, you'll never believe who I--"

Geoff broke off mid-sentence at the sound of another voice that wasn’t Remus’s on the other side of the bathroom door. “What in the hell--? 

Stupefy

!"

Their liquid luck, it would seem, had run out.










Chapter 35: Black and White and Red All Over, March 1995
    




Chapter Text

March 8, 1995



Married to a Murderer: The Shocking Truth of Dumbledore’s Controversial Choice of Staff 




Earlier this year Rita Skeeter, Special Correspondent, published alarming revelations about Albus Dumbledore’s controversial employment of half-giant Rubeus Hagrid as a Care of Magical Creatures professor. But this is not the century-old Hogwarts headmaster’s only questionable appointment, it seems. Recent sources inside the Ministry of Magic have confirmed that Mariah Jaeger, a staff healer at St. Mungo’s Hospital for Magical Maladies and Injuries and assistant nurse for the past two years at Hogwarts, is the secret wife of none other than notorious mass-murderer Sirius Black, an Azkaban convict who, coincidentally, has been on the run since the summer before Jaeger’s first term at Hogwarts. 




Jaeger and Black were married in 1979 near the height of the First Wizarding War, only two years before Black would be imprisoned for the mass murder of twelve muggles and wizard Peter Pettigrew on the night of He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named’s fall from power. Black escaped from life imprisonment in Azkaban last year and was briefly taken into custody last spring following several break-ins at Hogwarts and one incident where he was discovered threatening a student with a knife before escaping once again. He is currently still at large. 




Ministry sources claim Jaeger has had no contact with Black since his escape, but on Christmas the Ministry’s reliability was thrown into question as well. During the Yule Ball, a ceremonial social event that takes place during the Triwizard Tournament, sources claimed they saw Miss Jaeger in suspiciously close company with the married former Head of Investigation of Black’s case, Kurt Lovell, who is acting as Security Overseer for the Triwizard Tournament. 


The two were spotted near the Hogwarts Quidditch Pitch together under suspicious circumstances after stealing away far from the Ball itself.


 While no sightings of Black at the Tournament have been confirmed, the mysterious appointment of legendary boy wizard Harry Potter as a second Hogwarts champion has shocked the Wizarding World this year, and no cause has yet been discovered. It is also worth noting that while Jaeger is merely an assistant nurse at Hogwarts, she has many years of experience as Chief Potioneer at St. Mungo’s Hospital For Magical Maladies and Injuries, which raises the question of why such an accomplished mediwizard would take a lower position and presumably a pay cut at the moment of Black’s escape. 




One witness to Nurse Jaeger’s tryst, Professor Geoffrey Mansfield, substitute Care of Magical Creatures teacher during Rubeus Hagrid’s absence, refused to comment, but with the imprisonment of his own ex-wife, convicted murderess and Death Eater Emilie Delacroix, who could blame him? Another controversial choice of staff, Professor Mansfield, father of two, has remained monogamous during the 9 years since Delacroix’s imprisonment, citing marital loyalty despite his divorce from Delacroix after her imprisonment. One can only hope that this loyalty does not extend past the bedroom. This unsettling faculty roster combined with the regular employment of werewolves and attempted murders these past few years begs the question, “Are our children really safe in Dumbledore’s hands?”




Evaleen Lovell, Witch Weekly



Geoff lowered the magazine with trembling hands and pinched the bridge of his nose, sighing deeply. It was too early for this. He poured himself a cup of tea from the kettle sitting on the table and drained half of it, his eyes still on the black and white of his name on the glossy page. He glanced at the handwritten note that had come with the magazine.


‘Thought you should see this before hearing about it- Remus’


Not that the shock was any less, but he appreciated the tip. 
Geoff shook his head. He should have seen this coming. Hadn't Evaleen told him that she wanted to write about her husband's infidelity? And now she had, three months after the fact. So much for marital loyalty. Obviously whatever earful Kurt had gotten after the fact had had no effect, and their marriage remained on the rocks. 
And whatever this would do to Kurt’s career, it would certainly ruin Mariah’s. He could already imagine the reactions of 

Witch Weekly

’s regular audience: middle aged witches around the country, many of them parents of Hogwarts students. Even he found himself wondering, why hadn’t he known? Why had no one known? The rest of the article – that she had helped Sirius onto the grounds the previous year, nor about any possible involvement with the Triwizard Tournament – was wrong, of course, but if Mariah was still married to Sirius, what was she doing up in the Quidditch pitch with Lovell? He wondered briefly if Remus had known.

He flipped the magazine back to the cover where the headline stood in two inch flashing letters over a full page spread of Sirius’s Azkaban mugshot. That was what had grabbed his attention – and he was sure would grab the attention of anyone else whose eyes fell on the tabloid. The shock of seeing the word 

‘Married’

 next to Sirius’s filthy image would certainly be enough for 

Witch Weekly

’s regular audience.

And the inclusion of his own marriage at the end, to 

convicted murderess and Death Eater Emilie Delacroix

 – it was so petty, so unnecessary following a headline declaring a secret wife of Azkaban's first-ever escapee, and it was so Evaleen. While he doubted many of his students regularly read the tabloid, it certainly would not be off their radar for long.

He glanced down at his watch. Breakfast would be starting soon, and he could think of a few teachers he would rather not speak to about the article, one greasy-haired Potions Master in particular. Not to mention the Nurse of the hour.

He rolled up his copy of the magazine and tucked it under his arm, leaving his office and making his way down toward the Great Hall, hoping to grab some toast before the bulk of the students arrived for breakfast. As he descended the marble staircase into the Entrance Hall, however, the sound of heels clicking on the flagstones stopped him, and he looked up to see a familiar dark-haired witch exiting the Entrance Hall.

"Mrs. Lovell."

The journalist continued on her path, her heels clicking against the flagstone as though she hadn't heard him. Geoff tried again, louder, "Evaleen."

This time she did stop, though she made no effort to hide her annoyance as she pivoted on a heel, turning to look back at him. "Can I help you, Professor Mansfield?"

He was already making his way across the Entrance Hall, brandishing 

Witch Weekly

 in one hand. "You can tell me what the bloody hell you were thinking–"

"Telling people what they have a right to know," she said, giving him a tight lipped smile. "Isn't that my job as a journalist?"

"People have a right to our private conversations?"

"You never said it was off-record. People need to know about the husbands and wives of convicted murderers endangering the lives of their children at Hogwarts!" Her tone was one of mock horror. "I’ve just been by to get quotes from fellow faculty who may not have known who they were working alongside. Would you care to comment? I might go easier on you next time."

“This isn’t a game, Evaleen, you’re playing with people’s lives, here,” said Geoff.

“I agree, it’s not a game. And if Mariah Jaeger was helping a murderer onto Hogwarts grounds last year, it’s my duty to make sure our readers know about it.”

"Mariah did no such thing, never mind all this 

'secret wife'

 bullshit–"

"Marriages are public record if you know what you’re looking for, the rest is common sense. Do thank your son for me for the tip, though, I had no idea there would be two Death Eater marriages under Dumbledore’s long, crooked nose.”

"Don’t you dare talk about my son, Evaleen! And don’t even pretend this was ever about dragging Dumbledore down – he's hardly mentioned in your bloody article. It's about punishing people – Mariah for sleeping with your husband, your husband for cheating on you, me for 

not

 doing the exact thing you're punishing your own husband for doing–"

Evaleen gave a short laugh. "Please, you think this is because you wouldn't sleep with me? It's not 

that

 hard to find a quick fuck. No, this is about telling – people – the – truth." She punctuated each word with a sharp jab to the center of his chest with a long finger. "And the truth is, Ms. Jaeger – or Mrs. Black, I suppose I 

should

 say – is married to a mass-murderer and sleeping with Ministry security, and your wife is a Death Eater. Marital loyalty is 

such

 a bitch, isn't it?"

Before he had the chance to respond, she bid him a short 

good day, Professor Mansfield,

 and turned on her heel to exit the Entrance Hall

The sound of her high heels clicking on the stone steps had hardly faded away when Geoff whirled around, stalking off towards the marble staircase and leaving all thought of breakfast behind.

From his hiding place behind the large glass hourglasses that kept tally of the House points, Joel Mansfield released the breath he'd been holding. 

You think this is because you wouldn't sleep with me?

 He thought about the letter he'd written to his mother and about the countless arguments he'd had with his father since the Second Task – his memory lingering on one particularly heated argument after a Care of Magical Creatures class when they'd shouted at each other so loudly that the Blast-Ended Skrewts had skittered off in every direction, very nearly catching the thatched roof of Hagrid's hut on fire, earning him two weeks' detention.

As Joel lingered behind the hourglasses, a group of Slytherins appeared from the dungeon corridor. Forcing a smile onto his features, he slipped out from behind the hourglasses and fell in step with his friends on their way to breakfast, not noticing another robed figure emerging from her own hiding place in the Entrance Hall.

With her own copy of 

Witch Weekly

 clutched tightly in his hand, Hermione Granger followed the Slytherins into the Great Hall for breakfast.

* * *

Mariah had packed her room in all of five minutes. With one trunk, it wasn’t hard, but she was in a hurry to get out before the post owls delivered the morning mail over breakfast. The sun was already rising quickly, and she was racing back to Hogwarts just in time to run into Snape on her way to Dumbledore’s office. 

“I knew it," he sneered. "I 

knew

 you were the one smuggling him inside last year–”

“Severus, please, this is not the time,” said Mariah frantically, shushing him. 

“Don’t 'Severus' me, Jaeger, you and I both know you’ve never been anything but a cheap pawn, and now 

everyone

 knows.”

Mariah’s mind had been racing, she couldn’t keep up with Snape, she had merely headed up the staircase, his piercing words skewering her every step of the way. 

“Tell Lovell when you see him again good luck with the job hunt,” he called up after her. “Two years of being a fuckup should make for an excellent resume. You two are a perfect couple in that regard.”

Moody’s words at the Ball came floating back to her, banging around the inside of her skull – 

usually you have at least one finger in every pie.


She had entered Dumbledore’s office without knocking, and it had been mercifully empty save for the Headmaster, who looked as though he had already been up for hours.

“I want to resign my post,” she had said before he had had an opportunity to speak. Her head was spinning. The familiar guilt of the past ten years weighed heavily in her gut and she could think of nothing else but getting as far from Hogwarts and anyone she knew as possible. And throwing up.

“Ah… you must have seen the new 

Witch Weekly

,” said Dumbledore, and Mariah caught sight of the issue on his desk. 

“I’ll be gone by this afternoon.”

“Nurse Jaeger, I want to be clear. I have no intention of firing you,” said Dumbledore. Mariah nodded. “As you and I both know, even if the allegations are true—“

“They’re–,” started Mariah quickly, but Dumbledore cut her off.

“–you and I both know that you pose no threat here,” he finished. "As I said, I have no intention of firing you." Mariah pursed her lips.

“I… I can recommend another healer from St. Mungo’s if you are still in need of assistance,” she said. 

Dumbledore regarded her with a steady, even gaze, finally settling back in his chair with an almost tired expression. “Very well, if that is what you want,” he said finally. “Though I don't believe the extra help will be necessary; I'm sure Madame Pomfrey will be able to cover the final task quite adequately on her own.” 

Mariah nodded, turning towards the door.  “I will let her know,” she said.

“Mariah,” Dumbledore said softly, and Mariah paused, turning to look back at him, surprised at hearing her first name. “Regarding the accusations about you and Mr. Lovell– the more you run from a rumor, the more power you give it.” 

“With all due respect, sir, that advice is about fifteen years too late for me."

She made her way to the Hospital Wing and found Madam Pomfrey. There was some offboarding work – some papers to sign, a statement to write, and full forty-five minute rant from Madam Pomfrey that alternated between chastising Mariah for leaving and praising her for being such a help, not once referencing the content of the 

Witch Weekly

 article. Mariah had teared up as she realized just how close she and Madam Pomfrey had grown over the previous year, and for a moment her resolve wavered, only to return set in steel upon returning to her room to collect her things. It was time to go.

Pausing only to finish off a quarter of a bottle of Firewhiskey she’d found by her bed, Mariah shut up her trunk and made her way towards the Entrance Hall. Breakfast had started already, and she tripped on a few of the stairs trying to speed up her exit. 

“

Wingardium Leviosa

,” she whispered to her trunk, which immediately lifted off of the ground. Mariah grabbed hold and dragged it through the air behind her down the marble staircase, across the Entrance Hall, and out onto the grounds. 

She was halfway to the lake when she heard running footsteps behind her.

“Nurse Jaeger!” 

She quickened her pace and tried to ignore the call.

“Stop! Mariah!”

The voice was closer now, her pursuer clearly running to catch up to her. She looked over her shoulder to see who was following, and her stomach dropped as she recognized the student rapidly closing the distance between them, slowing his pace as he caught up. 

“You shouldn’t be out here, Harry. Go back to the castle,” she said, still walking.

“Why, so you can leave without saying goodbye?” asked Harry. Mariah stopped, looking around at him. Harry shrugged. “Why didn’t you tell me?” 

“Which part?” asked Mariah, and she felt more than heard the tinge of sarcasm in her tone. “The part where I married notorious mass-murderer Sirius Black in my teens, or the part where I allegedly slept with the former Ministry Head of Investigation?” 

“The part where you’re my godmother,” said Harry. Mariah felt the lead weight of dread in her stomach dissipate, leaving her strangely ungrounded. Harry must have seen something in her face change, because he continued. “You knew my parents well enough to be Maid of Honor at their wedding. You could have stepped up at any time to take me in while I was miserable at the Dursleys’–” His voice broke. “Do you know how many times this year I felt like I was on my own? And you didn’t say a word to me. Why didn’t you?”

“The short answer, Harry – because I was scared,” said Mariah. With the lead missing from her stomach she felt lighter, like she was floating away, like her words didn’t hold any weight at all. 

“

You

 were scared? Do you realize how scared 

I’ve

 been? I’ve – I’ve almost 

died!

 Are you saying you’ve been so scared for 

fourteen years

 that you couldn’t step up even a little bit to help?” asked Harry, his voice growing louder, sharper. “What did 

you

 have to be scared of?”

Something inside Mariah snapped, her trunk dropping to the ground with a loud thud. “Let’s break it down, shall we?” she said, rolling back her sleeves to count on her fingers. “Fourteen years ago, I thought my husband was a mass murderer who killed the best friend I ever had and I never saw it coming, and so I’ve been scared of my friends, and so I stopped having any at all. Fourteen years ago, there was one person left alive and free who knew my deepest darkest flaws, and I lived in absolute dread that he would use them against me, or come after me and trap me against my will into living a lie, and so I haven’t lived in the same place for more than a year at a time since, and so I haven’t had a home. And for fourteen years since my life was ripped up by its roots and torn apart, I’ve been so fucking scared of fucking up again and letting my best friend in the world down that I put five hundred miles between me and anything to do with her, including her son, and so I avoided 

you

. So no, I didn’t take you in. I have been a mess, Harry, for fourteen years. The 

only

 thing I've done right is ensure that I didn't make you a part of it.”

Mariah took a deep breath as she finished, as though she had thrown something monumentally heavy. She felt tears in her eyes, hot with frustration.

“You’re not the only one who had it rough,” said Harry after a moment. “My parents were killed. You could have stepped in.” 

“I could have,” agreed Mariah. “But I didn’t.”

She and Harry stared at each other for a long time. 

“I wish it had been you,” he said finally. “I wish you had gone to Azkaban in his place.” 

“I’ll do you one better – I should have died back then, not her,” said Mariah. “That’s what you’re really thinking, I bet. Hell, that’s what 

I’m

 thinking. When this teenage angst is over and you get to be my age, Harry, you’ll look back on your life as The Boy Who Lived and when you do, I hope you see a golden field filled with everyone you’ve ever helped just smiling back at you. I hope you see that, because from where I’m standing all I see is a fucking graveyard full of everyone I couldn’t save. Where’s the value in that?” 

With that, Mariah grabbed her trunk and continued on her way to the road to Hogsmeade, leaving Harry standing still and speechless behind her.

* * *

Mariah walked as quickly as she could past The Three Broomsticks. Morning shoppers were already filling the streets, and Mariah pulled her scarf closer around her face. The article had not included a picture, but she didn’t want to take any chances. She continued walking past Madame Malkin’s and Zonko’s towards the end of the street where The Hog’s Head sat darkly against the few other run-down stores. 

She had left Remus still sleeping, but he would be long gone by now. Owls had already been landing throughout Hogsmeade when she’d left. All Mariah knew was that she needed a drink before deciding what to do. Well, another drink. 

Nobody gave a fuck at the Hog’s Head. Though it was barely 10am the bar was already home to a few questionable characters shrouded in cloaks and veils and general darkness. Mariah made eye contact with the bartender, who smirked, bending beneath the bar only to return with one full bottle of Ogden’s Old Firewhiskey, and one short, dirty glass. Mariah raised an eyebrow at him and slid a few galleons over, taking both the glass and the bottle and heading towards a secluded corner. She wasn’t sure she enjoyed this level of familiarity with the shady bartender. 

Once settled at a table facing the wall in a far corner of the room that had not yet been invaded by other patrons, Mariah poured herself a glass, downed it, poured another, and set to work. 

She would need to move again. The only belongings she had left at home were a few dishes and potion supplies – that would be fairly simple. She hadn’t been able to shake the memory of Kurt showing up out of the blue there anyway, so it was no great loss. 

She would need to call on St. Mungo’s and let them know she was coming back to work… that is, if she still had a job. She could think of a few people off the top of her head who might have a problem with a murderer’s wife holding a staff position in a hospital. 

Mariah pulled out a scrap of parchment from her bag and a quill and wrote 

1. Find a home, 2. Find a job

.

She sipped the second glass of Firewhiskey as she tentatively wrote a 

3

 on the next line. 

The door creaked loudly as it opened, but Mariah didn’t look up until she heard a familiar voice by the bar.

“Yeah, keep ‘em coming,” said Kurt, raising a pint in cheers to the bartender and downing it in one. He looked up as he finished and his gaze landed on Mariah. “Well, look who it is!”

“Don’t even start, Kurt,” said Mariah, holding up a hand. Kurt stopped, smiling wryly. He gestured his pint at her drink.

“Wow, Firewhiskey straight from the bottle, Aberforth, you’ve got her pegged!” He threw a thumbs up back to the bartender, who returned it stoically. Turning back around, Kurt raised his eyebrows and lifted the pint to his mouth. “You saw 

Witch Weekly

 today?” he asked, taking a drink. 

“I don’t understand how you can be so cheerful, your name got dragged as much as mine did,” said Mariah. 

“Oh, I’m not cheerful,” said Kurt, approaching the table. “This is so typical Evaleen, it’s incredible. Even the headline: ‘

Married to a Murderer.’

 Flashy. It’s so fucking her. ‘

The married former Head of Investigation

.’ We’ll see how long that lasts, fucking bitch. ‘

Formerly married former Head of Investigation,’

 more like.” He sank into the seat across from Mariah, taking another drink. Mariah threw up her hands. 

“What are you doing? What could possibly make you think I want to sit with you right now?”

“Oh please, you’re as miserable as I am, can you drop the act? It’s not like I’m the enemy here, I’m a victim, too.” Kurt gave her a piteous look. “Besides, I didn’t come up with this. I was minding my own business. I brought my private engagement to a private location far from the Ball, and somehow my snooping wife snooped her way in and saw us. Or rather, didn’t see us very clearly at all and jumped to conclusions.” 

“You call the Quidditch Pitch private?” exclaimed Mariah. “You have an office!”

“An office Moody was bound to be watching after all that talk,” said Kurt. 

“Who were you even with?” asked Mariah. Kurt squinted into his memories.

“I want to say… Fanella,” he said slowly. “Definitely Ravenclaw… or was it… Beauxbatons… I suppose she did look pretty similar to you – well, you ten years ago. Similar hair and skin at least.”

“Wow,” said Mariah. “So there’s no chance of clearing this up, and now people will think that you and I had some sort of...of...

arrangement

 in exchange for Sirius staying free.”

“To be fair, we almost did,” said Kurt, taking another drink. “I 

would

 have preferred to have fulfilled my wife’s expectations, but you know. Can’t say I didn’t try.” 

“Obviously that would not have been a good idea! We’re living that truth right now!” exclaimed Mariah, shaking her head. “I can’t believe you told her about me. You swore you wouldn’t tell.”

“I didn’t tell,” said Kurt. “You know as well as I do there’d be consequences to that. She must have found your file – don’t ask how,  I’m still baffled.”

“I had a great job, Kurt! I had a life, I had friends – for the first time in over a decade I had my friends back, and you’ve ruined my life 

again

–”

“Woah, hey – let’s break this down. Which part of this headline ruined your life, the marrying a mass-murderer and never getting it annulled, or the sleeping with me that never actually happened? From what I heard while I was getting legitimately fired, you 

resigned

 your 'great job' of your own free will.” Kurt finished his pint. “If we’d done things my way back then, none of this would have happened. How about that?” He got to his feet and sauntered back to the bar where the bartender already had another full glass waiting for him. 

Mariah stared at her scant list again, then slowly crumpled it up. She pulled out her wand and, with a flick, set the parchment on fire. She took another drink of the Firewhiskey, but from the bottle this time, glaring at the bar where Kurt was autographing a copy of 

Witch Weekly

 for the bartender. 

The door opened again, letting in a stream of sunlight, and Geoffrey Mansfield entered the premises. 

“Well, look who it is!” exclaimed Kurt in the exact same tone of mock surprise he'd used upon noticing Mariah, holding up his fresh pint in cheers to Geoff. “Haven’t seen much of you since the Yule Ball. How was my wife?”

“Fuck off, Lovell,” said Geoff, walking past him directly towards Mariah. “What the fuck were you thinking, running off with him where anyone could have seen?”

“I didn’t!” said Mariah, getting to her feet very quickly. The world spun. 

“I saw you, Mariah, don’t lie!” said Geoff. Mariah pointed at Kurt.

“You. What was her name? The Ravenclaw?” 

“What if I said it was Mariah?” he said, grinning. Mariah glared daggers at him. He shrugged. “All I know was that she was definitely Ravenclaw… or Beauxbatons…” Kurt considered for a moment. "Beauxbatons," he decided.

Mariah gave Geoff a pointed look. “It was a student, not me.” 

Geoff sighed and pinched the bridge of his nose.

“And anyway, what were you doing cozying up to Evaleen in the first place? She’s been digging for juice since she first got here, and it’s so obvious she has it out for me,” said Mariah.

Geoff dropped his hand from his face and his ears turned as red as his hair. “I was trying to see if any of that 

juice

 she’d managed to dig up had to do with Harry! You remember Harry, right? Your godson who we were supposed to be making sure doesn’t end up another number in the Triwizard death toll! That’s right – I said 

death toll 

– people 

die

 in this bloody tournament!” Geoff whirled around, but the other patrons didn’t even seem to be paying attention. He turned back to Mariah, seething. “Not everything is about you. Dumbledore's having to field angry letters from parents complaining about his staffing choices – half-giants, werewolves, a nurse married to 

notorious mass-murderer Sirius Black

–"

"You're forgetting a magizoologist married to a 

Death Eater

–"

"Yes!" he shouted, throwing his hands into the air. "Emilie was a Death Eater! And she's in Azkaban for it! And she was my wife, and we 

divorced

 after her imprisonment, and now our kids are–"

“Felicity!” exclaimed Kurt, making everyone jump. “Her name was Felicity!”

Geoff pinched the bridge of his nose again, taking a deep breath as though to keep himself from shouting more, while Mariah rolled her eyes. There was a clink behind them as the bartender placed a tall, dark mead on the counter. Geoff nodded slowly at no one in particular before crossing to the bar and taking the drink, dropping onto a barstool. 

“

You

 don’t know, do you?” asked Mariah, after a moment. Geoff and Kurt looked at her. Kurt pointed to Geoff, then slowly to himself. Mariah rolled her eyes. “You don’t know who put Harry’s name in the Goblet of Fire, do you, 

Kurt

?” 

“Oh, no,” said Kurt. “Whatever’s going on there, we couldn’t dig anything up.” 

“Did you even try?” asked Mariah. 

Kurt shrugged. “It’s not like we had eyes on the Goblet the whole time. We thought the Age Line would have done the trick, not to mention the four dozen other specific spells put in place to make sure this Tournament went according to plan.” He paused. “The official Triwizard plan, I mean. And anyway, beyond that we just had to make sure no one was, I don’t know, sneaking in dressed as students and sabotaging the champions during the tasks.”

“Are you telling the truth?” asked Mariah, narrowing her eyes.

“Do you have any Veritaserum?” Kurt asked, offering his glass.

Mariah didn’t answer. Kurt shrugged and finished his drink before setting it back on the counter, pulling a few galleons from his pocket and dropping them onto the bar.

“Well," he said, "this has been fun. I look forward to our next high school reunion. In the meantime, I’m afraid I’m due back at the Ministry.”

“I thought you said you were fired,” said Mariah. Kurt made a wobbly motion with his hand.

“Fired from Hogwarts and from the investigation of Black, sure, but I’ve been with the Ministry for a long time, and I’ve got a good number of friends who owe me favors. I’ll grease a few palms, suck a few dicks, and I’ll be just fine. This isn’t the first time she’s done this.”

“Suck a few dicks…” repeated Mariah under her breath.

“Wait, let me get this straight," Geoff said, and Kurt turned to him. "Your wife writes a scandal onto the front page of 

Witch Weekly

, ruins both of our careers, and you just make a lateral move and go on like normal until the next time you have a marital spat?”

“As you can probably imagine, the make-up sex is transcendent,” he said, raising his eyebrows. With that, he turned on his heel and left the pub.

Geoff stared at the door for a long time before reaching for his glass, only to find it had been replaced with a bottle of something stronger. He glanced at the bartender, who put a hand to his chest in an 

it's on me

 gesture. Geoff nodded once, then took the bottle to Mariah’s table. 

“I don’t think I ever fully understood Sirius’s feelings about him until now, that guy is a cunt,” he said. “And you’re an idiot for sleeping with him.” 

“Geoff, I 

didn’t 

sleep–”

“Ever.” Geoff took a long drink from the spirits. 

Mariah didn’t respond. 

“Is it true?” asked Geoff after a moment. Mariah didn’t ask what he was referring to.

“Yes,” she said. 

“When?” he asked. 

“It says in the article, doesn’t it,” said Mariah, rolling her eyes with exhaustion. “1979, before his arrest, or whatever.”

“Does Remus know?” asked Geoff. Mariah took another drink.

“He does now,” she said. 

“But Kurt knew,” said Geoff. Mariah nodded.

“Yeah, he knew.”

“How?” asked Geoff.

“Does it really matter?” asked Mariah, looking at him in utter defeat.

“No,” said Geoff after a minute, lifting the bottle to his lips once more. “No it doesn’t.”










Chapter 36: Intrusion and Intervention
    




Chapter Text

Late March, 1978

Sirius, James, and Lily tumbled apart in the living room, catching their balance. Sirius caught sight of the large portrait of the Lovells over the mantle and let out a barking laugh.

"Aha! See I told you, third time's a charm!" 

James shushed him and Sirius covered his mouth with both hands as the Lovells in the portrait scowled down at them, whispering to each other within their frame. 

"If you think you might have been here before, Sirius, why couldn't you have Apparated us here in the first place?" hissed James. 

"When you've been to as many Pureblood shenanigans as I have over the years, all of the summer homes and winter mansions start to blend together," said Sirius.

"So how are we doing this?" asked Lily. James pulled the Invisibility Cloak from his pocket, shaking it so that the silvery material unfolded.

"Lily, you come with me under the Cloak and we'll cover the ground floor. Padfoot--"

Sirius sighed, rolling his eyes and grumbling, "Jettison the third wheel, I know."

"You're number one in my heart, Sirius," said James, reaching out his hand.

"Yeah, I know," said Sirius, taking it.

Lily swatted their hands apart, frowning at the both of them, irritated. "

Not

 the time! Come on!"

With a last glance at Sirius, James threw the Cloak around himself and Lily and they disappeared. Sirius turned and headed up the stairway to the second floor. 

He drew his wand as he climbed, measuring each step against the carpet so as not to make a sound. He looked around as he reached the top, spotting Aldrik Lovell's study down the hall with the door partially open. 

But just as Sirius turned to walk down the hall, a pair of hands grabbed him from behind, dragging him backwards into a room. Sirius twisted sharply, aiming his wand over his shoulder at his assailant.

"

Petrificus Totalus!

" 

He felt the hands holding him freeze solid, and the figure fell backward, carrying Sirius with them, crashing to the ground. Sirius wrenched himself free of the figure's grip, rolling over and brandishing his wand in their glassy face. He let out a sigh of relief as he recognized them.

"Oh -- Jesus Christ, Mariah, you scared the shit out of me." 

Mariah said nothing, but continued to stare at him with glassy eyes. 

"Shit, right, one second…" It took Sirius a moment to recall the counterspell before he waved his wand and Mariah's body relaxed, sending her into a coughing fit. "Are you okay?"

"What the 

fuck

..." she moaned. 

"Sorry, I thought you were a Death Eater," shrugged Sirius. The smell of whiskey reached his nose and it suddenly struck him how close her face was to his. "Have you been drinking? It's not even 2pm."

"Shut up," groaned Mariah. She tried to sit up, but winced.

Sirius frowned, reaching around the back of her head to feel for an injury. "Let me see," he said, and as his fingers gingerly touched the brown hair on the back of her head, it occurred to him that he was still lying on top of her, knees braced against the floor on either side of her thighs. He stiffened.

"Close the door," said Mariah groggily.

Sirius felt himself sweating. "What?" 

"Close the door before he comes back," said Mariah, waving her hand at the door. 

Sirius remembered where he was. He scrambled to his feet and swung the door closed, shutting it as quietly as possible. "Before who comes back?" he asked.

"Kurt," said Mariah.

"Oh, great. We've gotta get you out of here," said Sirius, pulling her to her feet. "What the hell were you thinking, coming here in the first place?"

"I wanted to trash his house," she answered. She stumbled a bit and Sirius caught her, holding her up with his arm around her waist. 

"This is going to mean absolutely nothing coming from me, but that was 

stupid

 and 

reckless

, and if your boyfriend didn't belong to a murderous Pureblood cult I would commend you for the effort and be a little jealous I wasn't asked to come along."

"Ex-boyfriend," Mariah corrected, looking at him.

"Ex-boyfriend," repeated Sirius, looking at her.

A beat passed.

"I didn't sleep with Emilie," said Sirius after a moment. 

"I believe you," said Mariah. 

"Do you still hate me for all eternity?"

"It varies from moment to moment," said Mariah. Sirius tightened his hold around her waist. 

A loud crash from downstairs pulled them out of the moment and Sirius remembered why he was there with a terrible pang.

"Mariah, we've got to go."

"What was that?" asked Mariah. "Go where?" 

"Lily and James -- they probably found the other two," said Sirius.

"The other two what -- what are you doing here anyway?" asked Mariah.

Sirius hesitated. He didn't know what to say. "Never mind that now, we have to get you out of here," he said.

And it was at that moment that the door swung open.

Kurt Lovell stared at them from the hallway. Mariah and Sirius stood locked in a cockeyed embrace, staring back at him. 

"Fuck me. Just when I thought this day couldn't get 

any

 better," Kurt rolled his eyes as he drew his wand.

Sirius maneuvered Mariah behind him, holding his wand at the ready outstretched towards Kurt. "Just stay back, Lovell."

"You're really too much," said Kurt, shaking his head. "Is this your idea of some kind of revenge, Black? Breaking into my house? Seducing my girlfriend? Were you going to bang her on my bed, too?" 

"You know damn well what this is about," said Sirius derisively.

"I'm warning you, Black, you do 

not

 want to fuck with me today," said Kurt, raising his wand. Sirius prepared to counter.

"Kurt, no!" shouted Mariah, shoving past Sirius to stand between them.

"Get out of the way, Mariah!" said Kurt. Mariah didn't move. Kurt rolled his eyes. "You're seriously defending him? What are any of you doing here, anyway, can't you just leave well enough alone?"

"Just let us go, Kurt," said Mariah. "I'm not your girlfriend anymore."

Kurt laughed, breathless. "Then you've just signed your own death sentence," he said, shaking his head. 

"What did you say?" said Sirius in a low growl.

Kurt's eyes moved to look at him. "I said she's as good as 

dead

."

"You're the one who's dead!" said Sirius, brandishing his wand. Kurt's wand was out within seconds.

"Stop it!" cried Mariah.

There was shouting from downstairs and another crashing sound. Kurt whirled around, brandishing his wand at the stairway. He looked back at Sirius, wand at the ready. He started to regroup his battle stance, but another crash from downstairs made him groan. He looked at Mariah, then shook his head.

"Get out," he said, not looking at them. Sirius didn't lower his wand. "Just get out! 

Go!

" Kurt glanced once at Mariah before pulling on his mask and tearing out of the room, taking off down the stairs. 

Mariah stared after him, but the next thing she knew Sirius had grabbed her, and the world warped sharply. Kurt's bedroom disappeared, and Mariah felt the floor pull away as she was pulled sharply after Sirius. 

* * *

Downstairs, Geoff had flung open the door to the powder room, knocking Rosier out of the way just as the Slytherin had been preparing a hex to send flying in Remus's direction, sending the spell crashing into the ceiling instead, where it left a large scorch mark. Staggering into the living room, Geoff barely raised his own wand in time to deflect a curse from a masked Death Eater who came swinging around the corner of the stairs in a fury.

Remus shot a spell in the Death Eater's direction, emerging from the hallway behind Geoff as Rosier regained his feet and tried to curse Geoff, multicolor jets of light sailing in every direction as the pairs dueled. Emilie flung the bathroom door open, wand drawn, knocking Rosier out of the way once more, but hesitated, looking between the two pairs of duelists, unsure what to do. Remus, startled at her sudden appearance, turned his attention away from the Death Eater for a fraction of a second too long, and found himself hit with a Knee-Reversal Jinx, struggling to keep his feet as he tried to dodge out of the way of another curse flying his way.

There was a sudden bellowing from the opposite end of the living room, and James Potter materialized from thin air, brandishing his wand as he launched himself into the fray.

The masked Death Eater deflected a jet of red light with a wave of his wand and spun on his heel to shoot a curse in James’s direction, which James deflected with a Shield Charm. The Death Eater was quick with his wand, and soon he was shooting so many curses that James was having trouble keeping up with his own, leaping behind furniture to catch a break between jets of green light. 

Rosier and Geoff were back to duelling in the hallway by the bathroom. Rosier was slower than the masked Death Eater, and they were in closer quarters. Geoff ducked a shower of sparks from Rosier’s wand and punched him in the gut. Rosier doubled over, and Geoff quickly punched him in the face with his wand hand, sending him sprawling. 

“A little fucking help, Delacroix!?” shouted Rosier, his hand over his suddenly crooked and bleeding nose. Geoff shot a spell at him and he gasped, clawing at his throat. His voice was gone. 

Emilie stepped out of the bathroom, stumbling as she ducked under a wayward curse, catching herself on the sleeve of Geoff's robes. “You have to go,” she said, looking up at Geoff as he helped her right herself.

Before he could answer, a jet of red light struck the wall over their heads, sending plaster flying. They separated, leaping in opposite directions as yet another jet of light hit the wall between them, sending a painting flying off the wall to land near where Remus was curled up on the floor, moving slowly, his knees still reversed. 

“James, watch your aim!” Geoff bellowed at where James and the masked Death Eater were duelling in the living room. 

“With what, shields!?” he heard James yell over the sound of more blasting rubble. Geoff jumped as the moulding of the wall near him exploded, tripping over his legs and falling back onto the ground. 

The next jet of light met flesh, hitting Remus square in the chest so that the air rushed from his lungs. He clutched at a stitch in his chest, pain radiating from the place the spell had hit and down the length of his arms. Lily's head appeared, floating in midair as the Invisibility Cloak slipped to her shoulders as she dashed to Remus's side. 
“James, we have to go! Remus is hurt!” she called back to the living room.

"Go, Lily!" James shouted over the sound of another blast. "Take Remus and get out of here!"

"But where--?"

"It doesn't matter -- just 

go

!"

Lily grabbed hold of their fallen friend, still gasping for air on the ground, and Disapparated.

“You have to get out of here,” said Emilie again. 

“But--”

There was another blast and Geoff heard James coughing from the opposite side of the room.

“Mansfield!”

Geoff brandished his wand and shot off a disarming spell at the masked Death Eater. His wand flew out of his hand, but landed on the floor by the stairs. As the masked Death Eater lunged for it, James vaulted over the back of the couch.

“

Petrificus Totalus

!” he cried, and the Death Eater went flat to the floor. 

Geoff saw James turn, grinning, to share his triumph, but the dark haired Gryffindor's broad smile quickly vanished and he opened his mouth almost a moment too late. Rosier was clambering to his feet, one hand pressed over a bleeding eye, his wand raised in his fist. 

From somewhere to his right, Geoff heard Emilie cry out as a jet of red light flew in his direction, and the next thing he knew he felt the Slytherin girl colliding with him, shoving him out of the way, directly into another force colliding with him from the other side -- and in the blink of an eye, James Potter and Geoffrey Mansfield Disapparated.










Chapter 37: Moving Forward
    


Notes:
As we were writing these last few chapters, we realized there were a few minor adjustments we needed to make in previous chapters to tie things up the way we wanted. Most edits are minor, and begin in Chapter 31: The Lovell Affair, and continue to this chapter.




Chapter Text

Mariah woke up to a grey pearlescent sky shining a dull light through the curtains, but she could not bring herself to move. She rolled over into the dark shadows of the sheets and closed her eyes against the day. She felt empty. She had not eaten a full meal in several days, but the thought of food made her nauseated. Her body felt heavy, her eyes dry, and dull. She pressed her face into her pillow, feeling her breathing muffled against the fabric. She felt like sinking. She felt sunken. 

Her father was dead. 

Sirius had Apparated them to an apartment. He had sat her down, and he had told her that her father was dead. 

Mariah felt her eyes grow wet. She had already cried so much. And she had not spoken. 

He had been murdered at St. Mungo's, where they were supposed to keep him safe. She had sent a letter to Devon, who had told her not to attend the funeral. Lily had come to stay as well, but all she could do was sit by Mariah's bedside and hold her hand. Her silence and her presence had been appreciated, but now Mariah was alone, faced with an uncertain future.

What was going to happen now? And what did it matter anyway? Mariah had no one left. Her father was gone, her mother was gone, her brother was gone, her boyfriend, gone. A wave of guilt made her feel sick and she scrunched her knees up to her chest. 

She drifted in and out of consciousness for hours. 

It was late afternoon when she had to use the bathroom. She sluggishly rolled to the edge of the bed and dragged the sheets wrapped around her body behind her down the hall to the bathroom. When she was done she opened the door to return to her room, but a noise from the other direction stopped her. She walked to the end of the hall where it opened out into the kitchen area. 

Sirius was waving his wand around the kitchen, sending vegetables flying, humming to himself. He had a small cauldron bubbling in the corner. Mariah watched him silently for a minute. 
The vegetables performed an elegant arc as they dove into the soup, and several spice shakers danced over it with precise oscillations. 
Sirius tapped the end of his wand on a pitcher and it slowly filled with water. 

Mariah turned back into the hallway, but sank to the floor with her back against the wall. The sounds of humming and cooking were rhythmic and measured, and she found solace in their regularity. 

Sirius cooking,

 she thought idly. 

Who knew?

 She closed her eyes. She wrapped the sheet more tightly around her shoulders, finding security in the close bundle. She listened to the rhythm of the kitchen as her thoughts faded in and out. 

"Mariah." 

Mariah opened her eyes blearily. Sirius was crouched next to her, looking at her. 

"Come on." 

She felt him pick her up, and the next thing she knew she was being laid back in bed. She rolled over to sleep some more, but she never heard the door close. After a while she opened one eye, and saw Sirius sitting next to the bed, looking out of the window. He glanced at her as she moved slightly.

"You can stay here, if you need a place to stay," he said. "I mean… if you ever need somewhere to go."

Mariah felt her heart well up with emotion as her eyes welled up with tears again, and she turned her face into her pillow to hide them. Sirius went on. 

"I just know how that is, is all. If it weren't for James, I don't know what I would have done. I just want to pay it forward," said Sirius. He stared out of the window for another minute or so. "School's supposed to start again in a few days. Lily's said she can tell Dumbledore if you need more time."

Mariah shook her head. Sirius looked around at her. 

"Are you sure?" he asked. Mariah nodded. Sirius hesitated. "Because if you're not sure I can make something up for you. If you aren't ready to deal with… people." 

"Fuck it," said Mariah into her pillow. Sirius looked at her.

"What?" 

"Fuck it," said Mariah hoarsely, rolling her face to the side. "What have I got left to lose anyway?" She glanced up at Sirius only to see the ghost of a grin quickly vanish from his face.

"Dark," he said, regaining his serious expression, but there was more softness to it now. Mariah raised a hand outside of her sheets, palm up. Sirius snorted, and slapped it in a limp high five. He remained there, watching the sky out of the window as Mariah drifted back to sleep, her fingers still entwined with his.

* * *

There had been a time in her life when Emilie had found comfort in the small compartments of the Hogwarts Express, when they had felt cozy and intimate, like nothing existed outside the small space just big enough for four passengers and their luggage. But the days of swapping secrets and sharing sweets on the train ride from London were long since over, and now the tight quarters seemed claustrophobic, as though their sole purpose was to remind her that there was no way out.

If her relationship with Rosier had already gone sour, it was now irreparable. Since the incident at the Lovells' summer home, she had had to quickly work some damage control. Her new story was that she had been dodging a spell from James Potter that had sent her flying in the path of Rosier’s spell, Rosier must not have heard it over the din of the fight. Rosier had accepted this explanation in the end, but Kurt had still had to forcibly drag him off of her when he had unleashed his full fury on her for causing James and Geoff to escape. Despite the lingering bruises and the scar left from the spell itself, the biggest memento of the duel lay invisible to everyone but her. She took a deep breath and wrapped her arms tightly around her middle, trying to focus on what Kurt was saying to distract herself from the hollow feeling in her chest.

“The disposal of the Muggle seems to have loosened Roxana Jaeger’s resolve, meaning she will be ready and willing to assist with the mission ahead,” he said. “Good to know we can always fall back on good old fashioned threats when bribery stops working.” 

Rosier laughed, and Emilie felt sick. Kurt glanced at her as he continued. “As disastrous as the mission was to retrieve the bell, we succeeded, and if we manage to pull off the next mission we might as well be in the clear. So it’s very important that for the rest of the year we do not attract attention to ourselves. There can be no cracks in this plan, or we are as good as dead.”

“Shame to wait,” said Rosier, glancing at the window.

Emilie followed his look, and with a pang, met Geoff’s eyes as he walked by the compartment with a short glance. She felt Rosier’s eyes on her, and looked away from the window back at Kurt to see him watching her as well.

“Patience is a virtue, Rosier,” he said, his eyes flicking back to Rosier, who sighed and looked back out of the window at the passing countryside. Kurt’s eyes met Emilie’s again, and did not leave.

As they arrived at the castle, Rosier followed the other Slytherins back towards the dungeons, but Kurt pulled Emilie aside, waiting for the others leaving the carriages to vacate the area. 

“You’d better steer clear of Rosier for the next few months best you can,” he said. “He still hates you for pushing Mansfield out of the way.” 

“I didn’t push Mansfield, I just–” started Emilie, but Kurt silenced her with a look. 

“Listen to me. We’re getting close to the end, now,” he said in a low voice. “There’s no room to play anymore, if one of them gets wind of what’s about to happen, we are 

dead

. Your family can’t protect you, and neither can your friends.”

“Convenient time to lecture me, now that Mariah’s dumped you,” said Emilie darkly. “Almost makes it seem like it was your decision… except we all know it wasn’t.”

“Whatever, I’m glad it’s over,” said Kurt shortly.

“Oh, come on,” Emilie said, giving him a skeptical look. “You’ve been sulking about it all break.”

“I’m not fucking around,” said Kurt sharply. “Forget the games. I know you have real feelings for him. You’re trying to protect him, just like I tried to protect Mariah, and it won’t work.”

“Just because 

you

 fucked up doesn’t mean–” 

“Emilie, because of me her father is dead. Her family was ripped apart because I wouldn’t kill her. Geoff is already running out of family,” said Kurt, and Emilie fell silent. He lowered his voice. “How many times do you think you can push him out of the way before someone realizes what you’re doing?” He cast his eyes around, running a hand through his hair impatiently, and when he spoke again it was halting. “There may have been a time – during the start of the year – where I thought maybe… maybe I could show them all up. That maybe things would be different. But my father had other plans, and no matter how I try to fix things, they just end up blown out of proportion, until it’s literally down to my skin or hers.” He looked at Emilie, and for once there was no trace of that secretive clever glint that normally lurked beneath his gaze. “If you’re like me, and I think you are, there is a limit to how much of yourself you are willing to risk for another person. You know what’s coming. We are out of chances. If you interfere, the Dark Lord will make sure that it is your head as well as his on the chopping block. Don’t let it be yours.”

With that, Kurt turned and started his climb up the rest of the hill towards the castle, leaving Emilie to make her way behind him, feeling sicker than ever. 

* * *

After the whirlwind Easter holidays, the return to school soon felt almost oppressively quiet. N.E.W.T.s were nearly upon them, and each day of the next three weeks every teacher had assigned mountains of homework. Between essays and readings, the members of Gryffindor house had not had a chance to regroup. Mealtimes were spent behind heavy volumes with titles like 

Goblins of the Raj: A Study of Creatures and Classism

 and

 Feet in the Clouds, Head on the Ground: The History of Wizards in Flight

, and evenings were spent in classrooms practicing Charms, Transfiguration spells, Defensive spells and jinxes. James and Sirius had turned the common room into a dueling warzone, leaving the other students to duck and weave their way back to their dorms in the evenings. 

Mariah had taken up camp in the dungeons. Having long since decided to pursue a career in Healing, her potions grade would be her most important. Two full racks of potion vials stood ready for Slughorn’s approval as she mixed her Dreamless Sleep potion counterclockwise for the 17th time that hour. The dungeon was deserted, and it was late. Slughorn had given her free reign of his classroom with a wink that she should not forget his help when she was an accomplished potioneer. Mariah took that as a sign that she might not be walking into the N.E.W.T. completely hopeless. 

She was glad of the work. Her feeling of heavy numbness had not subsided when she’d boarded the Hogwarts Express after the holidays, and the constant studying had given her something to do in a world that suddenly felt very pointless. 

Word of her father’s death had made its way through the school, and she had recognized a flurry of people who had given her their condolences within her first few days back, but soon everyone was distracted, and she was left on her own. Lily checked in, in between classes or late as she was going up to bed, and sometimes Remus or Geoff would sit next to her in the Great Hall or the Library to study, but her interactions with Sirius had remained wordless ever since their return to school. Sometimes their eyes would meet as she left the common room, and he would let up cursing James to let her through, or he would hold the door for her if they left a classroom at the same time, and then they would go their separate ways, and Mariah would always have a small furtive stir of memory, the sounds of cooking and humming, a hand in her hand, an arm around her waist…

The strange hush over the school was helped in no small part by the absence of Slytherin attacks. For the first time that year, Hogwarts felt like a school rather than a battlefield. Mariah had seen Kurt in class, but he had had his nose to his parchment same as everyone else. Even Rosier was withdrawn, and Mariah had seen him repeatedly in the library, several books stacked beside him. It was as though the world had stopped for N.E.W.T.s. 

Mariah corked her last flask, sliding it into a rack and carrying the two racks of vials up to Slughorn’s desk. She scribbled a quick note on some loose parchment, and vanished the rest of her potion, wiping her eyes as she packed up her things. It really was getting late. 

She made her way slowly back up towards Gryffindor Tower, already making a reading list for the next day. She rubbed her eyes again as she reached the top of the stairs, almost colliding with someone heading the other direction.

“Sorry – oh…” She broke off, recognizing Kurt. He looked embarrassed.

“Sorry,” he muttered.

Mariah stepped up around him, shaking her head. “Don’t worry about it,” she said, waving a hand. 

“No I – I really am sorry,” said Kurt haltingly. Mariah looked around at him. He ran a hand through his hair, staring at her feet and taking a deep breath. “I’m sorry about your dad… and I’m sorry about – I’m just – just sorry, is all.” 

“Yeah,” said Mariah after a minute. Kurt glanced up at her, meeting her eyes. 

“I’ll see you around, then,” he said. Mariah smiled, but her heart wasn’t in it. Kurt returned with a grim smile of his own, and continued down the stairs. Mariah resumed her way, feeling a twinge of annoyance. 

‘You’ve just signed your own death sentence.’ 

She wondered if that was included in his sorries.

It was nearly curfew. Evenings had been extended an hour for late-night studiers, but the added leniency from the professors meant that Filch was more at war than ever with the student body. There were only a few minutes to spare by the time Mariah turned the corner towards the portrait hole, but she stopped short, surprised. 

The portrait stood open a crack, and Sirius sat cross-legged on the floor, his head drooping forward. Mariah tapped him hard on the shoulder, and he lolled back into confused consciousness.

“Oh, good,” he mumbled, breathing deeply as he squinted up at her.

“What are you doing out here?” asked Mariah.

“Wasn’t sure you were going to make it in time,” slurred Sirius, still half-asleep. He shook his head and got to his feet unsteadily. “Where were you?” 

“Dungeons,” said Mariah. “Potions practice,” she added after a moment. “Need top marks.”

“No worries, there. You’re ace at potions,” said Sirius, less of the sleep in his voice. “You turned Geoff into Mulciber.”

“I turned Remus into Mulciber,” corrected Mariah. “Unintentionally.” 

“Still something, isn’t it? I turned water into mud, that’s how ace at potions I am,” said Sirius. Mariah laughed, and he smiled. 

A hand in her hand, an arm around her waist… 

Sirius glanced over her shoulder down the hallway. “You know, Filch loves giving detention to students who linger outside their common rooms. Just within his jurisdiction.” 

“So move, then,” said Mariah, gesturing to where he stood blocking the entrance.

“Alright, alright,” he said softly, holding the portrait hole open for her as he turned to enter. Mariah felt a rush of warmth. He had waited for her.

On impulse, she suddenly stepped forward and put her hand over his where it grasped the portrait. Sirius stopped mid-turn and looked around at her. She recognized his expression as one she had seen on his face only a few times before. It took her a moment to place. He looked vulnerable. 

The heat of his hand under hers seemed to envelope her whole arm as they took their hands off of the portrait and interlocked their fingers. Confidence bolstered by this rush of inner warmth, Mariah stepped forward, her gaze locked on Sirius’s grey eyes, which closed as she closed the distance between their lips. And in one fluid movement she was no longer standing in front of him, but was in his arms, her face against his, his lips against hers. 

His hand was in her hair and hers was at the nape of his neck. Mariah felt dreamlike, her hand burning hot where Sirius’s hand held hers. She could not feel her feet at all. Their lips moved against each other’s, generating an electricity that coursed over Mariah’s skin and filled her stomach as she melted in his arms.

A sharp meow brought them back to the cold stone hallway, and they recognized the lamplike eyes of Mrs. Norris at the other end of the hall.

“What’d I tell you?” said Sirius, and it struck Mariah suddenly how fast her heart was beating. She looked up at him. His lips were red, his face flushed. He looked elated. 

“We’d better get inside,” said Mariah. Her cheeks felt hot, and she wondered if Sirius’s heart was hammering in his ears; she could hear nothing else over her own. 

He turned to lead her through the portrait hole, but it had closed without their noticing. 

“Chocolate Frogs,” said Sirius hoarsely, and the portrait opened once more. They ducked into the dimly lit common room just as Filch’s footsteps began to echo down the distant hall.










Chapter 38: Graduation
    




Chapter Text

With a particularly loud snore, the girl’s hazel eyes snapped open and she looked around in alarm. The dormitory had emptied and the sun was streaming dimly through the windows, illuminating a universe of dust motes in the air. She ran a hand through her hair and looked around at  the clock near the door. “Shit!” She was late. 

Mariah shot out of bed and quickly threw on the deep purple robes she had set at the foot of her bed. She took one last hurried glance around the room as she frantically brushed her hair. She might have felt sad if she wasn’t so panicked. It was her last day at Hogwarts, after all. 

The common room was deserted, and Mariah broke into a run once on the other side of the portrait hole. Her footfalls echoed off the walls, matching her heart beating in her ears as she sprinted towards the stairs. It was only as she reached the Entrance Hall that she began to hear voices.

“Fuck meee, fuck meeee,” she breathed as she pushed out through the doors onto the grounds. 

The sun was low, nearly setting behind the Forbidden Forest, and two hundred chairs stood facing the edge of the lake, filled with figures in black school robes. Lined up at the back was a mass of students in dark purple robes, and in front of them all was Dumbledore, apparently making a speech. Mariah’s eyes raked the purple robed students until she saw the red of Lily’s hair and made a beeline for it.

“Dammit,” she heard Sirius mutter, followed by a, “That’s fifteen sickles to me,” from James. 

“Where 

were

 you!” Lily exclaimed as Mariah reached them, wheezing.

“Where were 

you

? I overslept!” protested Mariah. Lily rolled her eyes.

“I was with James – I thought the others would wake you.” 

“Alice was… with Frank. Gwenog and Corvenia… were with their boyfriends. There were no others!” Mariah breathed between gasps.

“Sorry,” said Lily again, “I didn’t think you would sleep so long, you went to take a nap at like noon.” She grimaced as Mariah broke into a loud fit of coughing. 

“Calm down, you’re here now, aren’t you? All’s well that ends well,” said Sirius, clapping her hard on the back a few times, nearly knocking her over. “Nice bra,” he added in a whisper, leaning closer, and Mariah’s hands shot to the nape of her neck where her robes were clearly unclasped. 

“

Shit

,” she hissed, her fingers scrambling over her shoulder blades, but Sirius was already zipping her up. 

“No worries, Jaeger, I’ve got your back.” He grinned, his hand remaining in its place on her shoulder, and Mariah smiled despite herself.

“Can barely hear anything,” James groaned. “Is it time yet?”

“What, you so eager to leave?” asked Peter.

“Eager to crack open his graduation gifts more like,” Lily answered, rolling her eyes, and James smiled guiltily. 

“Shut up, I’m trying to hear,” said Remus, rising on his toes to see over the heads of the other students ahead of them. 

“You don’t need to hear. I’ll fill you in,” said Sirius, clearing his throat and putting on a wavering, dry imitation of Dumbledore. “We are gathered here today to witness the graduation of the finest class of witch and wizard ever seen at this school... except for Remus Lupin.” Remus rolled his eyes, but Sirius continued, undeterred. “They have all shown exemplary courage, cunning, wisdom, and… more. Today we see them take their first steps into adulthood by symbolically riding unstable, three-hundred-year-old rowboats across a dangerous lake into a world full of murderers and political upheaval.”

“Sounds about right,” James agreed.

Remus smiled thinly. “Somehow I’m not quite 

sure

 that’s the wording he’s using.” 

Sirius elbowed the ginger standing on his other side. “Oy, Mansfield, back me up.”

“What? Is it time?” Geoff asked, jumping and looking around as though realizing for the first time where he was.

“Where’s your head, Mansfield? You’ve been staring at the lake for the past half hour and missed what might have been my best jokes of the day.” Sirius adopted a look of mock-hurt. 

“If that’s your best, Sirius, you’re losing your touch,” Geoff said, earning a snort from Mariah and a scandalized look from Sirius, but his mind was elsewhere as he looked back toward the lake, where the line of other soon-to-be-graduates snaked to an end, the cluster of Ravenclaws just ahead of the Slytherins, who brought up the tail of the line. 

“Cuffe is moving,” Remus said, leaning around the side of the line to see. “This might be it.”

James straightened his robe, adjusting the way his pointed hat sat atop his unruly dark hair. “Alright, everyone, act casual. No pressure, but if you fuck up, there are six years’ worth of students watching who could very easily make you into a living legend.” He turned to Sirius. “Ready, Padfoot?”

“Always ready to be a legend, Prongs.”

Lily hesitated as the line began to move, eyeing the two boys suspiciously, and Mariah immediately took a step away from Sirius to put some extra distance between them. “What, exactly, does that mean, ‘ready to be a leg–’?”

“Oh no,” Remus groaned, dragging a hand down the side of his face. “Not 

Good Heavens

.” 

“Yes, 

Good Heavens

. 

Good Heavens

 go!” said Sirius, flicking his wand in tandem with James, and at that moment, every single student’s pointed black hat transformed into a pure white dove and took flight, just as huge, pearlescent feathered wings sprouted from the backs of James Potter and Sirius Black, lifting them several feet off of the ground to drift along through the air with the rest of the line. 

Remus, Mariah, Lily, Geoff, and Peter continued sheepishly forward as groups of students cheered from the audience. Geoff tried to ignore James’s foot, which kept lightly kicking him in the small of his back. 

Mariah could see where they were headed now. At the front of the line, next to the lake’s edge, were Professor McGonagall and the other heads of houses standing with Dumbledore and the Minister for Magic. She straightened up, and tried not to think about the floating boys with angel wings upstaging the entire graduation behind her.

“Sirius Black,” Dumbledore’s voice rang out, and Sirius glided forward, arms outspread and palms raised, as his white angelic wings waved gracefully through the air. Dumbledore reached upward with an amused smile to shake Sirius’s hand while McGonagall massaged her temple beside him. 

“Lily Evans,” said Dumbledore, followed by a swift 

pop

 as McGonagall vanished Sirius’s wings, returning him to the ground before shaking his hand. Lily stepped forward as Sirius shook McGonagall’s hand, and the Minister’s, and ignited his wandtip before proceeding to the edge of the lake. Mariah waiting anxiously for her turn. 

“Fuck, this is real,” said Mariah, glancing at Geoff beside her as they shuffled into alphabetical order. “We’re really graduating.”

“And then it’s goodbye Hogwarts, and hello… whatever comes next,” said Geoff. 

“Are you ready for it?” Mariah asked, grimacing.

Geoff shot her a sideways look, giving her a rueful smile. “Suppose we’ll have to figure it out as we go.” 

Mariah felt her fingers tingling. Seven years of experience summed up to this single moment. Had she done everything she could? Everything she was meant to? And then Dumbledore’s voice was saying her name, “Mariah Jaeger,” and she gave another glance back at Geoff, who gave her a reassuring nod, and she stepped forward to be received. She barely felt herself taking the few steps forward to meet Dumbledore.

He smiled at her from behind his half-moon spectacles as she shook his hand. “Congratulations, Miss Jaeger, Hogwarts graduate.” Still clutching her hand in his, he tipped his long, crooked nose forward to look at her over the rims of his spectacles. “I hope you will learn to hold your own counsel above that of all others in whatever challenges you might encounter out in the world.”

“Thank you… sir,” she said, her grin faltering a bit under Dumbledore’s sharp gaze. She ignited her wand and moved on to shake the hands of the Minister and Professor McGonagall before continuing to the lake’s edge where the others stood with their wands alight.

“Did Dumbledore say anything spooky and wise to you?” she muttered to Lily as she reached her.
“He told me he liked my socks,” said Sirius, leaning over to cut across Lily before she could answer. 

Mariah shook her head. “Nevermind,” she said as Gwenog Jones joined them, her wand ignited, Geoff a few paces behind her, followed by James. 

“And that’s it, last prank of our school career. I hope you all enjoyed it,” he said as he joined them, his feet firmly back on the ground.

“I think I’m confused more than anything,” said Mariah. 

“Don’t worry yourself, it was probably too highbrow for you,” Sirius said, grinning at James.

“As in, our brows were too high,” James answered, grinning back at Sirius.

Remus pinched the bridge of his nose and sighed, looking tired. “This isn't making it better.”

Mariah glanced at Geoff, who was shifting his weight as he held his lit wand upright. The Ravenclaws were making good time, and as Mariah looked back at where the Slytherin end of the line snaked its way closer, she could see Emilie leading the familiar group with Kurt, Rosier, and Snape not far behind. 

James and Sirius quieted down only once all of the students had finished the procession and Dumbledore and the audience turned to face them, beaming. 

“I now present to you, the newest additions to the Wizarding World,” he proclaimed, and the crowd broke into applause as they raised their wands high and as one unit shot shimmering gold jets of sparks into the sky where they burst into multi-colored fireworks. 

As their sparks flickered and died beneath the distant stars set into the deep purple evening sky, ripples from the other side of the lake distorted the image in the black, shining surface of the water. 

“Here they come,” said Peter.

“Fuck,” said Sirius suddenly, “I forgot to give the house elves my forwarding address.”

“You can cook fine on your own,” said Mariah. 

The ripples widened, and soon the dark shapes of the boats came clearly sailing across the water towards them. Mariah looked around at the castle, her eyes roving over every last golden window in the failing light. She felt a wrenching soreness as she remembered that she had no home to return to. Hogwarts had become her home, and she was leaving it.

She glanced around to see Sirius looking at the castle as well. Something clicked, and she realized that Hogwarts had been the last home for him, too. Sirius had lost his home with his family long before she had. She touched his hand, and he took it and he smiled at her. 

“Get a room,” muttered James beside them. Mariah blushed.

“Shut up,” growled Sirius, but his grin widened. Mariah felt his thumb trace her knuckle. 

Mariah looked around. Lily had her head resting on James’s shoulder, and he rested his head on hers, their arms entwined. Peter was pointing at something and talking to Remus, while Geoff stood silently next to them, glancing back down the edge of the lake. Following his gaze, Mariah saw Emilie standing further along the bank equally silent, her eyes on the boats. Snape stood beside her, his hunched shoulders somehow straighter than usual, as if he were standing tall. She saw Kurt standing on his other side, his eyes on the boats as well. His arms were crossed, and he was shifting his weight impatiently. Mariah felt a flicker of annoyance. 

When the boats reached them, they mounted them in groups of six. James, Sirius, Lily, Mariah, Remus, and Peter took a boat for themselves while Geoff joined Frank and Alice with a few other Gryffindors in the neighboring boat. They stood rocking a bit on the bank as the boats waited for all of the students to find their place before taking off. Mariah and Sirius took the seats at the back of the boat as it slowly moved away from the ground and out over the open water. 

The students on the shore stood and waved as they slowly sailed away from the school, until both they and the teachers faded into the blackness of the lawn in the dark. 

The boats moved silently, and a hush seemed to have fallen over the graduates as they looked back on the fading view of the castle. James and Lily had their arms around each other, and Remus looked glassy-eyed. Mariah’s own eyes were welling up, and she felt Sirius’s arm snake hesitantly around her waist. 

“Don’t be sad,” he said softly, leaning in to her ear. 

“Fuck off, I’ll be as sad as I like,” said Mariah, wiping her eyes.

“My offer still stands, by the way,” he whispered, pulling her closer. “If you need a place to stay.” 

“Might take you up on that.”

They were entering the trees now, and in a few moments filled only by the sound of the lapping of the water against the boats, the branches had obscured the castle from view. 

“Hello, adulthood,” said Sirius. “Quite dark, isn’t it?” The others snorted. 

“Welcome to the real world,” said James. 

There was a sudden splash, and their boat heaved sharply sideways. Mariah felt Sirius’s arm squeeze tighter as his other hand gripped the rim of the boat.

“What the fuck was that?”

“Peter fell in,” said Remus. They could barely see him in the shadows beneath the trees, but the boat rocked and they could tell he was standing. “I don’t see him…”

Mariah looked behind them, but Peter was nowhere to be seen in the water as they propelled forward. “Can he swim?” she asked, but Remus had gone strangely quiet. 

“GRAB YOUR WANDS! NOW!” he shouted suddenly, shattering the silence over the boats. Before Mariah could react, she felt a heavy jerk from her robes as her wand shot out of her inner pocket and away into the dark. 

The next moment, the trees exploded.

Their boat was upended, spilling them all into the water. Mariah felt Sirius’s arm whip away as they were thrown into the air just before she plunged into the lake. For a moment, tumbling, she couldn’t tell which way was up. She just started moving her arms against the water, her graduation robes weighing her down. She kicked hard, at one point impacting what felt like another body. But she kept kicking.

Her head broke the surface and she took a deep gasping breath, reaching out for something, anything to hold onto. Her hand hit wood. She was beneath the overturned boat. 

“Sirius!” she cried. “Lily! Remus!” The water bucked beneath her and she accidentally swallowed a mouthful of lake. Coughing, she called again. “

Sirius!

”

The muffled sound of screams reached her through the hull, and she heard more explosions, and the rushing sound of spellcasting. There were more voices, deeper, scathing voices, yelling. Her breath quickened. She didn’t have her wand. 

There were more screams, louder this time, and an unmistakable high, cold cry that made her blood run cold.

“

Avada Kedavra!

”

They were killing students. 

Mariah’s breathing sped up, and she felt suddenly starved for oxygen. They were killing students. She had no wand – she was trapped beneath a boat. Even if she left, could she swim to safety? She felt light headed, was she running out of air? It was only a matter of time before she lost the will to swim under this boat or they found her…

In a split-second decision, Mariah took a deep breath and submerged herself into the lake. She reemerged and clung to the side of the boat, keeping her head low. As she looked around wildly, she saw a body floating face down several feet away, graduation robes fluttering in the water like a shroud. She looked away sharply and closed her eyes hard, but it was too late. She had recognized the long, cornsilk hair as Corvenia Parsett’s. 

A jet of red light hit a tree behind her and burst into a shower of sparks that rained into the water around her. Mariah ducked closer to the boat and shook her head. She had to find her wand. A wand. Anything. She glanced back at Corvenia’s body. Was there a chance she’d held onto her wand?

Another jet of light, green this time, hit the water just a few feet from her. Mariah hooked one hand around the rim of the boat and began kicking towards Corvenia, using the boat as a shield. She hoped the movement of the boat looked natural enough not to make her a target. 

There was another explosion, and another scream. But there was shouting. More voices were shouting spells and curses, and Mariah heard impact sounds from the bank of the lake where they had been heading. That meant that someone on their side was fighting back.

“Fuck – please, for the love of Merlin, please–” Mariah took hold of the floating fabric and pulled Corvenia closer to her, bunching the robes, feeling for a wand. She tried not to look at her as she searched. 

Mariah let out a dry sob and held her head against the boat, taking a deep breath. Something caught her attention when she reopened her eyes. Corvenia’s leg, where a wand was very clearly sticking out of her stocking. Mariah grabbed it, and trepidatiously tore her gaze from Corvenia’s ghostly body to face the battle at hand.

Another explosion illuminated the area, and Mariah began to kick, swimming forward, pushing the boat in front of her. They were not far from the docks, which was not far from the border of the Hogwarts grounds. Once there, she could Disapparate. Mariah saw another body floating nearby and forced herself not to look for identifying traits. She needed to focus.

The boat stopped suddenly, and Mariah peered around the corner to see that it had hit another boat and jammed. She was trying to figure out the next step when her boat was hit by a spell and burst apart forcefully. Mariah ducked under the water and swam forward, but felt a sting on her face where a large board had clipped her. She re-emerged and wiped the water from her eyes to see, just as a jet of flames shot over her head towards the attackers.

“

Incendio!

” shrieked Alice Prewett, standing on the surface of the water. She dodged a retaliatory jet of red light and sent another jet of flames in their direction. Behind her, Frank Longbottom was also shooting off spells. Mariah looked around and saw a third jet of light barrelling towards Frank. 

“

Protego!

” she screamed, thrusting Corvenia’s wand in the air, and the light bounced away from Frank, who looked shaken. He looked around and saw her.

“Mariah! Thank Merlin!” He looked over his other shoulder where Mariah couldn’t see. “Alice! Over here!”

The boat Mariah was holding onto suddenly flipped into the air, knocking her back. She splashed back into the water, but felt a hand grab her arm and pull her up. Someone shouted a spell and she found her footing against the surface of the water.

“Get down!” someone shouted, and Mariah and her savior both dropped to a crouch.

“Who’s shooting at us?” asked Mariah, grimacing as more jets of light shot at where they had just been standing. 

“Death Eaters!” said Frank. “Fucking ambush. Listen, if you make for the trees you can follow the bank around to the land. I don’t know if they’re waiting there for you, but with the tree cover it’s the best way out of here.”

“What about you? Where’s Sirius?” asked Mariah. 

“Fight or flight,” said Frank, and with that he stood back up, firing off a spell that ricochet a jet of light headed for Alice. Mariah looked at the bank. It was within a short distance, but there was no cover. 

The fight in Hogsmeade had spared her. The duel at the lake house had missed her. At every turn it seemed, she had been passed over, spared, and now it seemed was her time to make a choice. Death Eaters were upon them. 

Something flashed through her mind. The image of dark, hooded figures in her kitchen, shooting off jets of light. Her father, hit with a spell that sliced him to ribbons. 

“Fight or flight,” she muttered to herself through gritted teeth. 

In one fluid movement, Mariah whirled to her feet and cast a shield charm. It was dark, but she could see figures on broomsticks at the far end of the cove, illuminated by every spell. They wore masks with the faces of skulls, and dark hoods. 

“

Descendo

!” she shouted, waving her wand at one of the Death Eaters on broomsticks, and he sank sharply through the surface of the water. Several jets of light shot towards her, and she deflected one, but the other two broke her shield charm. More jets of light shot towards the Death Eaters who had shot spells at her, one of them successfully knocking another off of his broom.

Mariah looked around and could see she was not alone. Frank and Alice were shooting spells from afar, but Mariah could see duels taking place on the bank of the forest, and with a great heave of relief recognized Lily’s firey hair next to James’s tall figure. There were more bodies in the water, but now she could see that a majority of the students were clambering onto the banks or bobbing helplessly in the water, trying to cling to the boats as she had been. Mariah spotted a hand break the surface before pulling under and she ran towards it, plunging her arm into the water to grab them.

“Come on!” she cried, pulling the sputtering figure out of the water. It was Barnabus Cuffe. 

“I can’t swim!” he cried between mouthfuls of air. Mariah pulled him towards a boat and he clung to it.

“The bank of the lake is that way! Swim slowly so they don’t notice!” she said. Barnabus Cuffe nodded vigorously. 

“H-how do I do that?”

“Kick your legs and don’t stop!” said Mariah. Cuffe didn’t need telling twice. 

Mariah turned and found the next flailing person, pulling them to a boat. Then the next. A Ravenclaw, a Hufflepuff, Dorcas Meadowes, Wendy Slinkhard. She spotted Gwenog Jones pulling herself out of the water and running to join the fight. Every floating corpse she saw, she prayed, 

not him, please not him.


There was a tremendous sound of waves, and a sharp tide broke through the trees behind them. It was Dumbledore, flying so close and fast over the lake that it caused a jetstream.

“Yes! Finally!” she heard Frank yelling from across the clearing.

Dumbledore waved his wand, his mouth moving quickly though she could not hear his words, and the wind picked up over the water, creating a cyclone that moved towards the Death Eaters on broomsticks. Mariah took advantage of the distraction to make a sprint across the water to where her friends were fighting in the forest. 

The fighting had moved since she had last spotted a glimpse of Lily and James, and she had to stop and listen for sounds of duelling to maintain direction. She had just rounded a large oak tree when a jet of green light hit the trunk just inches from her, and she felt the heat of the curse across her arm. 

“

Crucio!

” shouted a deep, male voice, and Mariah leapt out of the way, tripped, and fell to the ground, scrambling for footing. The jet of light hit the ground where she had stood.

“

Expelliarmus

!” cried Mariah, but the Death Eater managed to hold onto his wand. He stood with his arms out, fingers moving eagerly over the handle of his wand, ready for battle.

“Ah, the Jaeger brat, so hard to kill,” he drawled. “I’ll fix that. 

Avada 

–”

“

Petrificus Totalus

!” Mariah yelled, and the Death Eater dropped like a stone, his killing curse shooting upwards instead of at Mariah. Mariah stepped slowly towards him, her wand at the ready. She looked down into his glassy gaze as she reached him.

“Were you the one who killed my father?” she asked, staring down at him with her wand pointed at his face. The man didn’t answer, only stared up at her through his skull mask with his frozen eyes. 

A cry of pain in the distance brought her back to the moment, and she kicked the man once before running towards it. 

“

Lumos,

” she whispered between breaths as she jumped over roots and dodged trees. The wandlight illuminated her path, and she skidded to a halt on the leaves as she saw a figure on the ground. 
“Remus!” she cried, dropping to her knees. 

He was bleeding from the head, leaned up against a tree trunk. There was a body not far from him, lying still. 

“He’s just unconscious,” said Remus as Mariah leaned his head to the side. “I stunned him.”

“Are you okay?” asked Mariah. Remus nodded blearily. Mariah muttered a spell to stop the bleeding from his forehead, and his skin knit itself back together. “Where is everyone else?” 

“Fighting? Sirius and Geoff ran after the Slytherins and we were intercepted when we tried to follow him. This asshole caught me in the back with the Cruciatus curse.” He coughed. “They had the bell. Stopped time and disarmed us before the ambush.”

Mariah remembered Kurt waiting impatiently to board the boats and felt her stomach lurch. “Oh my god,” she breathed. 

“We can’t stay here. He’ll be up again soon,” said Remus, gesturing at the body.

“Can you stand?” asked Mariah. Remus nodded, and she helped him to his feet. 

“You need to get yourself past the barrier to Disapparate, Mariah,” said Remus. “I’ll try to get you as close as I can, but you’ll have to run.”

“What, and leave you all behind?” 

“We signed up for this!” shouted Remus. “But if you need to run, you run, Mariah.” 

“I’m not running!” 

Mariah was breathing hard. Remus bit his lip, but said nothing else. 

“Which way did they go?” asked Mariah, quieter. Remus indicated the way. “Come on.” Remus nodded, Mariah held out her lit wand, and they both ran deeper into the forest. 

* * *

Geoff had managed to grab hold of his wand just before the boat had exploded, throwing him clear across the water. He had resurfaced, gasping, his eyes searing with the bursts of red and green light shooting like fireworks around the cove, illuminating the terrified faces and open screams of the other students still flailing in the water. Beside him, Sirius had reemerged, spitting water. 

“Fucking 

fucks

!” he screamed. “You fucking murderous cunts! You fucking–” He disappeared under the water and resurfaced spluttering again. “I’ll rip your arms out! I’ll fucking curse your cocks until they slough off of your wasted fucking–” He slipped under the water again. Geoff reached under and grabbed his arm, pulling as he paddled for shore. 

Geoff dragged them to the edge of the water, throwing Sirius up on the bank before climbing up himself. Behind them, a jet of light hit one of the rowboats, which burst apart, causing more screams. Sirius coughed up more water, but Geoff was on his feet, pulling him by the robes. 

“Cover, Sirius! They’re shooting!”

Sirius stumbled after him, still retching, and they threw their backs against the thick tree trunks. 

“Mansfield, did you see the others?” asked Sirius, regaining his breath. Geoff shook his head. Sirius cursed, looking around the tree. “Can’t see fuckall!” He ran his hands over his robes, reaching into his sleeve and pulling out his wand. “Caught in my sleeve. 

You didn’t see that coming, did you, you cunts!

” He shot several jets of light towards the other end of the cove, but Geoff grabbed him and pulled him back behind the tree. 

“Sirius, they’re going to fucking kill you, stop!” he said, and he heard the a hard note of panic in his own voice. 

“James!” yelled Sirius, fighting Geoff’s grip to look around the tree again, his eyes wildly searching the water. “Remus! Mariah! 

Fuck!

” He got to his feet. “I’m going to 

fucking

 kill them.” 

“Sirius, stop! Don’t be an idiot!” shouted Geoff, careful to stay hidden, but maintaining his grip on Sirius.

“

James!

” Sirius screamed. “

Mariah!

” He sank down to Geoff’s level. “

Remus!

” 

Geoff let his grip loosen on Sirius’s collar as he stopped resisting, but his own head was spinning. His first thoughts went to Emilie, in her own boat near the back on the far side of the cove. If he slipped back into the water he’d be a sitting duck, but if he could swim to the other side he could make his way around and see if she had… if she was… He cut himself off before he could think too far. 

“James!” Sirius cried out again, his voice ragged. “

James!

 Mariah! 

Mariahhh!

” 

An explosion rocked the trees again, illuminating the cove, and Geoff’s eyes widened. 

“Emilie,” he breathed, spotting a familiar figure in the trees.

“What?” snapped Sirius. Geoff tried to grab him again, but he was already on his feet. “Where do they think they’re going?” 

“Sirius–” started Geoff, but Sirius had taken off. “Sirius, no!” Geoff staggered to his feet and took off at a run after Sirius, jumping over tree roots. He avoided illuminating his wand as jets of light still swarmed the cove. As such he nearly smacked into Sirius when he stopped dead in his tracks, staring at the water. 

“Remus!” Sirius shouted as Geoff skidded on the grass behind him. Sirius threw himself at the figure scrambling at the edge of the water, pulling him onto the land.

“Oh, thank Merlin,” groaned Remus, coughing. “You’re alive.” Sirius grabbed him into a hug, sending Remus into a storm of more coughing. 

“Did you see anyone else? James? Mariah?” asked Sirius sharply.

Remus shook his head, coughed again. “It was the Slytherins, Sirius. They had the Bell – I saw it right before the ambush – in their boat. They must have disarmed us right before they blew everything up,” he said.

Sirius started to laugh very suddenly, sending an uneasy feeling up Geoff’s spine. “Kurt

 Fucking 

Lovell,” he wheezed. “Oh I 

fucking

 knew it. I’ll kill him yet.”  

“Sirius…” started Geoff cautiously, but Sirius was already running again. “Fuck! Come on!” Geoff pulled Remus to his feet and they scrambled after him. “Do you have a wand?” he asked Remus as they sprinted towards the forest. Remus buried his hand in his robes and pulled out his wand in response. “I have a feeling you’ll need it.” 

The lake disappeared into the distance as they entered the forest. The screams faded but they could still hear the booming explosions and crackling of sparks. As the forest grew blacker the deeper they ran, they ignited their wands to illuminate the path. Sirius was ahead of them, but faster. 

“Wait up!” called Geoff, panting as he nearly tripped over yet another root. He could barely see Sirius in the darkness ahead. “Sirius! Slow down!”

A jet of light ripped the darkness apart suddenly, searing Geoff’s vision as he skidded to a stop. Up ahead, he saw Sirius fall to the ground, his lit wand blocked slightly by roots and leaves as it rolled across the ground.

“Sirius!” shrieked Remus, but another jet of light tore through the forest, blasting a patch of bark off of a tree very close to them. Geoff cast a shield charm while Remus threw himself to the ground, extinguishing his lit wand and  crawling forward towards where Sirius had fallen. 

A jet of red light illuminated the darkness and Geoff quickly shot off a spell in the direction of its caster, sidestepping closer to Sirius. “Remus!”

“He’s okay,” said Remus in the dark.

More jets of light shot towards them and Geoff ducked, taking to all fours to avoid more spells. He spotted figures running towards them. “We have to move,” he said hurriedly. “They’re getting closer.”

“Sirius…” Remus shook Sirius, who seemed to be unconscious. 

“Move,” said Geoff, leaning over. “

Ennervate

.” 

Sirius’s eyes shot open just as footsteps grew audible. Remus threw himself away from the other two on the ground and shot off a spell in the Death Eater’s direction, catching him in the chest with a jet of red light. Another jet of light shot out of the trees further east, and Remus deflected it at the last minute, staggering backwards a bit, barely preparing himself before another spell shot at him from the same direction. He deflected that as well, and took off at a run in the direction of the Death Eater, deflecting another spell as he dodged the trees. 

Sirius got to his feet slowly, and Geoff heard the sound of leaves as the first Death Eater got to his feet. He shot off three spells in the general direction of the sound, but the Death Eater was already running. A cry of 

Crucio!

 reached his ears just as another jet of light came out of nowhere, catching him in the chest.

A pain like nothing Geoff had yet experienced twisted through him, and he fell to the ground, convulsing. He heard screaming, and realized it was coming from his own mouth. The spell stopped as suddenly as it had begun, and he rolled over, his body throbbing, his mind blank. There was the sound of a scuffle, more spells, and he saw Sirius wrestling the Death Eater in the distance, his arm around the man’s throat. There was a loud 

bang

 and a yell, and Geoff looked up to see Sirius on the ground, the Death Eater walking towards him. He tried to stand, but his legs were shaking, still in shock from the curse. He saw the Death Eater put his hand to Sirius’s throat and push him sharply against the trunk of the tree, his wand at his face. 

“The blood-traitor Black. I’ve been looking forward to this one,” he heard the Death Eater say in a low, rasping voice. 

Several jets of red light streaked through the dark, catching the Death Eater in his side, and he let Sirius fall to the ground. Geoff spotted people running and soon Lily’s vibrant red hair stood out against the dark as more jets of light tore through the clearing. Geoff crawled slowly towards where Sirius lay, his wand in his fist. Remus and the other Death Eater had vanished into the dark. 

“Are you alright?” he asked, and he heard his voice shaking. Sirius was rubbing his neck.

“Speak for yourself,” he said, squinting at Geoff’s lit wand, shaking in his grip. 

There was a loud sound that echoed through the trees, then, and a loud crack like a firework, and suddenly the trees were flooded with a green light from the sky. Sirius and Geoff looked up to see a large, smokey skull, a snake emerging from its open mouth standing starkly against the night sky, obstructing the stars and glaring down at them with a deadly emerald gaze. 

“That came from the Hogsmeade border,” said Sirius, and Geoff looked at him only to see that he was getting to his feet. “Come on.” 

Geoff scrambled to his own feet as Sirius took off again, leaving the fight behind. 

“What about the others?” asked Geoff as they ran.

“They can take care of themselves, we have to take care of this!”

They emerged onto an empty road where Hogwarts officially ended and Hogsmeade began, and Sirius took off running westward towards the train station. Geoff followed, his wand sweaty in his grasp as he pumped his arms and his breath reverberated in his ears.

The Dark Mark stared down at them with stark intensity now that their tree cover was gone, illuminating everything around them with an eerie green glow. They extinguished their wands, and took to the grass so that they would not be heard. The station was deserted when it finally grew into view, and Sirius led Geoff around the back of the train, wand at the ready, looking for any sign of movement. The Dark Mark was so clearly centered over this spot that they knew there was only one place they could have hidden.

Geoff climbed aboard the caboose of the Hogwarts Express first, unlocking the back door and slipping inside as Sirius joined him. The last carriage of the train was empty, but they did not speak, nor did they lower their wands. The numerous patrols Dumbledore had sent them on for the Order had given them a kind of unspoken bond that now showed itself in the way they silently moved around each other, only the slightest gesture indicating to one another who should move, and where. 

Geoff had never seen the Hogwarts Express this empty. The once bright and bustling train was like a ghost town, with the green light of the Dark Mark in the sky casting eerie long shadows across the compartments and filling the hall with an otherworldly half-darkness, as though the entire train were underwater. There was quiet, save for the occasional distant blast from the battle still raging on the lakefront. 

A new feeling permeated Geoff’s thumping heart as they crept closer and closer towards the front of the train – worry. Not for what they were going to meet, but for what he would do if Emilie was among them. The skull in the sky had brought back a vivid mental image of the dark red tattoo on Emilie’s arm, and his heart ached with anxiety. 

They were in the fourth carriage from the front, now. Both of them moved fluidly through the hall, wands out, stepping lightly on the carpet so that their feet barely made a sound. Sirius took the handle of the door at the end of the carriage and tilted it fully before sliding the door open, maintaining almost total silence.

It was because of that silence that the sounds reached them, the muffled voices from the next carriage. Sirius and Geoff advanced through the next cabin, but rather than opening the next door, they pressed their ears flat to the door’s edges. 

The voices were too muffled by the door and the wind outside to distinguish at first, but Geoff felt his stomach plummet when he heard Emilie’s voice, unmistakable amongst the deeper voices of the Death Eaters she was with. He saw triumph in Sirius’s eyes as the boy moved his wand hand to the ready.

Geoff grabbed Sirius’s wrist, but Sirius met his eyes with a severe look and Geoff retracted his grip. Breathing hard, he readied his own wand, and Sirius held up three fingers.


Three… two… one!


“

BOMBARDA!”

 cried Sirius just as Geoff yelled, “

REDUCTO!” 

and the door exploded off of its hinges and into the next compartment. Someone caught directly by the projectile door screamed, followed by a crash as it threw them back into the aisle and pinned them against the floor. Geoff barely had the time to count five others in the carriage before they had sprung into action. Geoff dove to the floor, shooting a shield charm above him while Sirius blasted the door off a compartment and ducked inside for cover. 

Geoff shot a few spells that ricocheted around the cabin while he crawled into the compartment opposite Sirius’s and he continued shooting from there. 

Two of the Death Eaters went down in the first moments of fire, one hit by one of Geoff’s ricochets and one caught in the chest by a Stunning spell from Sirius. Someone levitated the door and sent it shooting towards Geoff and Sirius, who dove apart just in time, but the door wedged itself in the hallway and Geoff found himself pinned inside his compartment. After a few moments trying to free himself he ran to the window and opened that instead, leaning out to see his chances of climbing out. A jet of light nearly hit him in the face and he ducked back inside only to hear someone say his name. He peeked out of the window slowly, and then in earnest as he saw her.

Emilie was leaning out of the window of the next compartment, her eyes wide, her expression more vulnerable than he had ever seen, an almost sickly pallor in the light of the Dark Mark high above their heads. Geoff felt such an overwhelming relief in seeing that it was her then that he laughed, and for a moment he saw her expression clear, some of her own worry slipping away. 

The train jerked suddenly forward, then began to move slowly along the tracks. Geoff hit the back of his head on the windowsill and looked around in alarm until he saw white smoke billowing from the train’s engine. Emilie’s dark hair was whipping around her face as they picked up speed. She looked back at Geoff, her smile gone.

“I don’t want to hurt you,” she called. “But I can’t save you.”

“Me neither,” shouted Geoff over the sound of the train, and he laughed again, this time with futility. The rift that had grown and ebbed between them for so long hinged directly on the thing that held them both at wandpoint now, but Geoff did not feel rage like Sirius did. He felt scared, scared that he might lose yet another person he loved. The chaos and disorientation that had rooted him in a mental fog since the attack seemed to clear as he saw Emilie reach for him from where she hung out of the open train window. He reached for her, and their fingers brushed. 

Someone must have shouted in Emilie’s compartment, because she turned suddenly to look back into the window she was hanging from, and addressed someone Geoff could not see. 

“Come with me!” he cried suddenly, and she looked back at him, brows furrowed. “Forget this! Come with me, and let’s go!”

Emilie bit her lip, hesitating–

There was a sudden explosion that rocked the carriage and both of them grasped the windows for stability. Geoff caught a sickening view of how fast they were moving as his eyes landed on the tracks, but he wrenched himself back into a stable position. But when he looked back at the window where Emilie had been, she was gone. 

There was a yell, and Geoff looked up in time to see a body fly from the train. Sirius’s head appeared over the side a moment later, his long hair whipping around his ears.

“Geoff!”

“Sirius! Why are you on the roof?” 

“Why aren’t you? Come on!” Sirius extended his hand. Geoff took it, and Sirius groaned as he pulled the other boy up to join him. 

Geoff rolled onto all fours but watched anxiously as Sirius got to his feet, facing the wind. The roof was slippery, but halfway down the carriage the metal had been gouged and singed by an explosion, leaving the carriage open to the elements. Four hooded figures stood in the carriage below, one of them Emilie with her hood blown down and her long hair loose in the wind. One of the figures waved his wand and shot up to the roof, but Sirius shot a spell at him, knocking him back down to the carriage floor.

“Come out, Lovell! I know you’re there!” he shouted down at them. The figures didn’t respond. One of them shot a spell that Sirius ducked, only to be hit by another shot by the figure in the back. He screamed as his arm erupted in bloodied cuts, and lost his footing, falling back onto the roof. All of the figures ascended in his moment of weakness and Geoff quickly threw himself over Sirius, shooting two of them back down and casting yet another shield charm. 

“

Crucio!

” the remaining hooded figure shouted in a voice that sounded a lot like Rosier’s as he managed to gain footing on the roof, and Geoff braced himself, but the majority of the curse was deflected by the shield, which broke. 

“

Imperio!” 

shouted the figure, and Geoff suddenly felt his aches vanish and his mind wipe blank. The next thing he knew he was standing, his wand loose in his hand as he walked towards the edge of the train. They were speeding along at a clip that turned the bushes below into a blur, and the tracks were slowly sloping upwards as they mounted a bridge over a large ravine. 

“I hoped I’d be the one to catch you, Mansfield,” said a deep voice somewhere behind Geoff has he stared off the train in a daze. “I’m going to enjoy this.” 

“Wait!” said a voice so far away that Geoff wondered vaguely if he had imagined it.

“Oh, for the love of Merlin, Delacroix – he dies 

now

!”

Geoff saw his own foot lift from the edge of the roof, dangling over the edge, framed against the distant, distant ground.

“

Confundus!”

 

And suddenly he was back. A wave of nausea and vertigo shook him and he fell backwards onto the roof, chills running up and down his spine. He looked around to see Emilie with her wand out, but it was pointed at the hooded figure whose hood had fallen, revealing Rosier sporting a blank expression. 

“Emilie!” 

“

Obliviate!”

 hissed Emilie, and an even blanker look melted across Rosier’s features as he stood there. Emilie waved her wand with a final flourish, and Rosier’s body crumpled to the ground. 

“Emilie,” Geoff repeated, softer, the wind around them whipping his voice away, but even still, Emilie looked back at him.

“You need to get out of here, Geoff. Go, while you have the chance!” she said earnestly. “I’ll make sure he’s alright,” she added, nodding at where Sirius lay, clutching his bleeding arm.

“Not without you,” said Geoff. 

“They’ll kill you, Geoff, I can’t protect you anymore,” said Emilie. “And you can’t protect me.”

“Emilie…”

“Geoff, you need to go,” said Emilie again. She held out her wand at him. “Go before I make you go.” 

Geoff clambered to his feet, carefully making his way toward her, eyes on her eyes, ignoring the wand pointed at his chest.  “I won’t leave without you,” he said.

Emilie’s eyes shone as her dark hair flew wildly around her pale face. “Geoff–”




He took another step towards her. 

“I–I lost it,” she said haltingly, her voice catching in her throat. “I lost the baby. There’s no reason for you to stay.” 

Geoff froze as he took in her words. Slowly, he took another step forward. “I’ve lost everyone I love,” he said. “I can’t lose you, too.” He took the last few steps forward, reaching past Emilie’s wand to take her outstretched wrist and pull her into a close embrace. He buried his face into her shoulder. “I love you.”

“I love you, too,” she answered, and he felt her shoulders fall, her arms wrapping themselves around him. “I don’t want to fight anymore. This war – the Dark Lord – I don’t want any of it. I just want you.”

Geoff felt like he was floating again. For a moment he wondered if he’d been hit with the Imperius Curse, but after a moment he realized he was just insurmountably, unexpectedly 

happy

 despite everything around them – despite the battle raging at the lake, despite his aching bones, despite the heavy dread that had filled him nearly the entire year. He held her tighter, one hand finding the back of her head, his fingers winding themselves into her long hair.

And then they broke apart and Geoff blanched.

“Sirius,” he said, as he remembered, and whirled around wide-eyed, but Sirius was sitting up, his wand outstretched, and pointed at the both of them. 

“Mansfield, I swear,” he growled through gritted teeth. Emilie moved to raise her own wand, but Geoff held her arm, shaking his head. He stepped slowly in front of her, staring Sirius down evenly. Sirius dropped his arm, panting, still glaring. Geoff let out his breath.

Emilie took Geoff’s hand and led him to the edge of the train, a bridge thundering below them as the train barreled across it. Geoff gripped her hand tighter, and he felt her squeeze back; there was so much uncertainty around them, but this felt right, even as they stood, perched on the edge of a speeding train over a deep ravine – this was right, and this was where he belonged, with Emilie at his side.

“You’re sure?” she asked beside him.

“Surer than I’ve ever been,” he answered. 

“Oi!” They turned to see Sirius pointing at them with his good arm. “Sirius Orion Mansfield.” 

“Maybe,” said Geoff, and Emilie shook her head, but smiled in thanks. 

She raised her wand above her head, and as her sleeve slipped back from her wrist Geoff’s eyes caught the faint outline of the skull and snake standing out starkly against her pale forearm in the eerie green light of the sky. “Ready?” 

“Ready,” Geoff said, raising his own wand. Fingers interlaced, they leapt off the side of the train and into the ravine, casting floating charms at the same time, and together, they drifted away from the train, the school, and the battle raging behind them, disappearing into the night.

* * *

Sirius was outnumbered, but his rage helped him fight, and he had rage to spare. All of the frustration and anger and hatred that had flowed through him the entire year had not left, but instead hardened into a core that fueled him now as he fought against the pain in his left arm, as he staggeringly picked himself off of the train roof,  chasing the two remaining Death Eaters who had retreated into the engine room. 

“Two on one is hardly fair, gentlemen,” said Sirius as he sent one of the figures sprawling. 

“You’re one to talk, Black. How are you handling yourself without your boyfriend Potter?” hissed the other figure, his wand expelling flames that Sirius blocked. 

“You tell me if you need me to slow down for you,” he laughed. But his laughing cut off harshly as the fallen Death Eater hit him with the Cruciatus curse. He fell to the ground writhing, his teeth clenched against a scream. The other Death Eater joined in, and Sirius screamed again, his body bucking and shaking. 

The door buckled inward and the two Death Eaters were knocked aside. Remus and Mariah leapt inside, the rattling of the train’s wheels filling the carriage with sound. Before they could cast any spells, the Death Eaters were back on their feet, shooting curses of their own. Remus deflected them, and moved to take on one Death Eater while Mariah dueled the other. 

Sparks ricochet about the carriage, and eventually Mariah and the Death Eater she was dueling leapt back out of the door into the second carriage, which lay in ruins with half the roof blown out and Rosier lying unconscious half draped over the edge of the destroyed ceiling.

“

Stupefy! Reducto! Stupefy! Stupefy!” 

Mariah shot off spell after spell that the Death Eater expertly deflected. He landed a spell that caused Mariah to fly backwards into the wall. She coughed, the wind knocked out of her, but managed nonverbal defense as he moved on the attack. He sent spell after spell towards her, which she barely managed to keep up with before he was nose to nose with her. His hand took her wand hand and he pinned her against the wall, writhing under his grip. 

“I warned you,” he said, and Mariah realized it was Kurt under the mask. “I warned you that I couldn’t protect you if you left.” 

“I don’t want protection from you if this is what you stand for,” said Mariah, fury coursing through her. A burst of energy exploded from Corvenia Parsett’s wand and Kurt was thrown back, hitting the wall opposite. Mariah pointed Corvenia’s wand at him, energized. 


“Expelliarmus!”

 she cried, and his wand flew out of his hands before he could point it at her again. “You took my family from me. You and the rest of them. You killed students. Give me one reason I shouldn’t end you right now.” 

“I really do love you, Mariah,” said Kurt. “But you’re no match for him, and I don’t want to die, said Kurt simply. He withdrew his hand from his robes and Mariah’s eyes caught a glimmer of silver. She jerked Corvenia’s wand sharply. 


“Accio Bell!” 

she cried in alarm, and Kurt dove sidelong for his wand where it had landed, Disapparating with a loud 

crack

 and leaving Mariah standing alone. She opened her hand where she had caught the bell. It had shattered, its silver dome in fragments, the hammer loose in her hand, glinting green in the light from the sky, its magic broken. 

Mariah didn’t know what to do to help the Bell, so she shoved it into her pocket and leapt back into the engine carriage. She shot a spell at the Death Eater Remus was fighting to help, but the Death Eater upon seeing her enter waved his own wand and Disapparated with another loud 

crack

, leaving them alone. 

“Are there more?” asked Remus. Mariah’s head was spinning. 

“Rosier, knocked out, in the next carriage,” she said. 

“Look after Sirius,” said Remus, disappearing through the door. Mariah knelt by Sirius, who was conscious, but moaning. 

“Jesus,” hissed Mariah as she rolled up Sirius’s sleeve and saw the lacerations. She stopped rolling his sleeve up and resorted to cutting it off entirely, her wand tracing the bloodied, purple robes as she severed them. Mariah did not know advanced medical magic. She took Corvenia’s wand and ran it over Sirius’s arm, muttering every skin-knitting spell she could remember in the hopes that they would hold. 

“Bastard…” muttered Sirius. Mariah kept muttering spells, which were working on the smaller cuts but missing the larger, deeper cuts entirely. She was getting nervous, and quickly tied the torn fabric from Sirius’s sleeve into a tourniquet at his upper arm. “Mariah,” muttered Sirius again. 

“You’d better shut up, you’re lucky this just got your arm, Sirius, I don’t know if I can fix this,” said Mariah distractedly. She heard her voice wavering, and muttered faster, focusing on one deep cut at a time now. She didn’t notice as Sirius raised his other arm, and it wasn’t until his good hand touched the side of her face that she realized he was looking at her. Remus reappeared in the doorway.

“He’s gone. Disapparated or jumped from the train I don’t know, but he’s not here anymore,” he said, striding past them and taking his wand out at the engine. “We need to stop this train…” 

“You’re alright,” breathed Sirius, and Mariah was shocked to see that he looked about to cry.

“Sirius…” she said, her voice full of concern. His hand cradled her face as his eyes welled up. Mariah lifted her hand and cupped his hand where it held her face. 

“I thought you were dead with the rest of them,” said Sirius haltingly. Mariah stared at him with wide eyes.

“I’m okay,” she said. Sirius closed his eyes and retracted his hand from her face to cover his face with his arm. Mariah looked away and continued her work on his arm, attempting to close the bigger gashes. The train screeched sharply and they pitched forward as Remus managed to stop the train.  

“How is he?” asked Remus, kneeling beside Mariah. 

“Not great, I can’t close these cuts, they’re cursed,” said Mariah. She fumbled in her pocket and handed Remus the remains of the Bell. “At least we don’t have to worry about this anymore.”

“I suppose one less thing,” said Remus. He sounded exhausted. He stood and walked to the door of the carriage, looking back in the direction of Hogwarts. “The Mark is gone! Out of the sky!” he said sharply, turning back towards them. “Stay here with him. I’m going to go find help,” he said.

“Hurry,” said Mariah, and Remus nodded, Disapparating. 

Mariah applied pressure to the wounds, trying as hard as she could to remember the few medical spells she had looked up in her studies leading up to N.E.W.T. week. Sirius was pale, but conscious, staring at her. 

“Don’t leave me alone,” he said shortly.

“I’m not going anywhere,” said Mariah, gripping him tighter. She felt his hand cover her hands, the warmth of them easing her nerves, and they said nothing further.

They held each other minute to minute as they waited in the dark, for the arrival of help, dawn, or death, certain only of two things: the inevitable arrival of one of them, and the ever-present comfort of a newer, stronger force between them.










Chapter 39: Reckoning, 1995
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text

May 31, 1995

In the Pensieve, Harry looked around at where Mr. Crouch was presiding over the courtroom, addressing the haggard man chained to the chair in the center. Crouch had identified the man as Karkaroff and though he was younger here in the Pensieve, and with a wilder, more desperate look in his eye, there was no mistaking him for anyone but the Durmstrang headmaster.

"You say you have names for us?" Crouch demanded.

"I do," said Karkaroff breathlessly. "Important supporters – people I saw with my own eyes doing his bidding. I give this information as a sign that I fully and totally renounce him, and am filled with a remorse so deep I can barely–"

"These names are?" said Mr. Crouch sharply. 

Karkaroff drew a deep breath, and began rattling off a list of names, each one shot down by Crouch, whose patience was clearly wearing thinner and thinner with each name Karkaroff delivered. Antonin Dolohov, already apprehended for torturing Muggles; Evan Rosier, killed while trying to evade Ministry officials; Travers, guilty of murdering the McKinnons; Mulciber, specializing in the Imperius Curse – Karkaroff had given a handful of names, and was no closer to buying his own freedom, but when he offered up the name Rookwood, a ripple of discontented murmurs ran through the crowd, and Crouch narrowed his eyes doubtfully.

"Rookwood?" Crouch repeated, nodding to a nearby witch, who began scribbling down notes onto her parchment. "Augustus Rookwood of the Department of Mysteries?"

"The very same!" said Karkaroff eagerly. "I believe he used a network of well-placed wizards, both inside the Ministry and out, to collect information–"

Crouch gave a dismissive wave, dispelling the rest of Karkaroff's sentence. "Very well, if that is all, you will be returned to Azkaban while we decide–"

Harry could see Karkaroff sweating the torchlight, his white skin paler than usual, contrasting strongly with the black of his hair and beard as he shouted, "Snape! Severus Snape!"

Harry was startled by the name, but Crouch dismissed it as Dumbledore stood at Harry's side, reassuring the onlookers that although yes, Severus Snape had been a Death Eater, he had abandoned the Dark Lord and instead turned spy for the light. Crouch waved a hand and a pair of wizards emerged from the crowd, presumably to escort Karkaroff from the courtroom and back to the dementors that Harry was sure were waiting just outside the courtroom.

“Wait!" Karkaroff shouted in one last desperate attempt. "Lovell! Father and son! They carried out Muggle tortures, and Aldrik – he would provide objects of Dark power to–”

“Kurt Lovell has also been cleared,” said Crouch loudly, standing, waving the two wizards forward again. “And Aldrik Lovell has died in Azkaban, turned in by his son before Lord Voldemort lost power.”

“I – I swear to you Kurt Lovell is a Death Eater!”

“Who returned to our side, and has proved himself quite loyal to our cause ever since, not unlike Severus Snape. Now–" The two wizards put their hands on Karkaroff's shoulders. "Your assistance in this matter is much appreciated. While your claims of Rookwood's involvement are verified, you will be returned to Azkaban…"

Mr. Crouch's voice and the murmurs of the crowd faded, and as Harry looked around him, the dungeon was dissolving as though it were made of smoke, everything was swirling into darkness – and then Harry's surroundings came back into focus, and he seemed to be standing in a small lobby outside the courtroom he had just been sitting in, though the voice that seemed to be calling order through the open doors was no longer Crouch's.

The lobby was sparsely furnished, just a few benches lining the walls, all of them empty except for the one on the farthest wall, where a blonde woman was sitting with two small children. A red-haired girl who looked like she could be about four years old was climbing into the woman's lap while a dark-haired boy who was perhaps a year older sat sullenly on the bench beside her, his knees pulled into his chest. Just as Harry was thinking there was something familiar about the boy, a voice to his right caught his attention, and he turned to see two men arguing nearby.

"She's innocent!" one of them was saying. "I'm telling you, Dumbledore, there's 

no way

 she could have–"

"There was an eyewitness," Dumbledore said gently. "These are dark times, and a firsthand account of such a tragedy–"

"Eyewitnesses are unreliable! Memories can be modified! There were two eyewitnesses to the Meadowes' murder that turned out to be false claims!" The man's voice was desperate. "Please, Dumbledore, you have to make them see reason–"

"That decision does not fall to me." Dumbledore gave the man in front of him an almost pitying look.

"You vouched for Snape! You spoke for him, defended him, why won't you–?"

"I spoke for Severus Snape because of circumstances that had arisen before the end of the war. I have no such evidence in this case." Behind them, through the open doors of the courtroom, the sound of a pounding gavel rose above the chatter of the crowd, and the conversation quieted as the court was called to order. "I'm sorry, Geoffrey. It's time," Dumbledore said quietly, and turned to make his way into the courtroom.

The man he'd been speaking to glanced over his shoulder at the blonde woman and the children, and Harry recognized him as Professor Mansfield, perhaps ten years younger. The blonde woman frowned at him, but Professor Mansfield was already turning away from her again to walk into the courtroom as a woman's voice drifted through the open doors, calling the court to order.

“Emilie Delacroix Mansfield,” the woman's voice said. “You stand before us accused of the double murder of Fabian and Gideon Prewett..."

The world began to swirl out of form once more as Emilie Mansfield's defiant curses and shrieks echoed out into the hall.

* * *

June 30, 1995

It had taken longer than Mariah had expected to find a new home. Avoiding the wizarding neighborhoods, she had eventually found a house on a row of identical houses in a London suburb inhabited, to her knowledge, entirely by Muggles. The only distinguishing feature of the house was the last digit of its 4-figure door number, and in her mind this was perfect. 

In the weeks following her resignation she had been put on temporary paid leave from St. Mungo’s following a long discussion amongst the higher-ups. Though personal matters tended to be ignored for good employees at the hospital, the threat of an escaped Azkaban prisoner was much more than a blip on their radar. Two months with nothing to distract her from her troubles had led to many real estate open house visits… and lots of drinking. 

But now she had a new home, and her kitchen was nearly organized. She had almost finished unpacking her potions ingredients into the cupboard above the sink when there was a knock at the door. 

This was suspicious for a few reasons, not the least of which being that she had charmed her lawn to repel Muggle visitors, so as to avoid the usual welcome-to-the-neighborhood interrogations and ambrosia salad. Remembering the last time she’d had an unexpected visitor, Mariah approached the door with one hand holding her wand and flicked aside the peephole cover before opening it.

“Remus,” she said, tugging the door ajar. The grey-haired man smiled. 

“Oh good. I could make out the street name, but not the number – I’ve met nearly all of your neighbors by this point,” he said, holding up a stained piece of paper.

“Where did you get my address?” she asked, frowning. 

“St. Mungo’s. Told them I was a tax agent,” said Remus. 

“You’d already have my address if you were a tax agent."

Remus shrugged. “A man came in with a mailbox eating his leg before they could ask me too many questions about it." 

Mariah leaned against the doorframe, raising an eyebrow. “So…long time no see,” she said. “I presume you’re not here to pick up where we left off?” 

“No, I’m not,” he answered, sighing. “I think that… that part of our friendship is over. I think we can safely say that finding out you are currently married to my best friend counts as a conflict of interest.” 

Mariah laughed dryly, shaking her head. “So what then? Are you here to lecture me? Dish out an ‘I told you so’ or two?”

“You don’t read the news much, do you?”

Mariah crossed her arms, frowning. “I’ve been generally avoiding it… for obvious reasons. Why?” 

“Well, if you’d let us in, I could tell you why we’re here,” said Remus. Mariah’s brow furrowed.

“Us?” 

“Please,” said Remus, a little more seriously. 

Mariah stepped aside and pulled the door open. Remus stepped inside, but it was only once he had entered that Mariah noticed the large black dog following closely at his heels. She felt a shock down her spine, and closed the door numbly behind them. 

“What, Sirius–?” 

“Not here,” said Remus, gesturing at the folded curtains on the table. Mariah had not gotten around to hanging them, yet, leaving the wide kitchen windows bare.

She led the way to her bedroom, past a few trunks that lined the small hallway. Her new home was not very large, and the living room was a mountain of boxes, so she did not even bother to find them a space in there. It was only after she had closed the door behind them in her dark bedroom that Remus spoke again.

“Listen, Geoff told us what really happened at the Yule Ball, so I’m not going to lecture you… but I 

am

 going to say 'I told you so.'”

“I knew it,” groaned Mariah.

“I told you Kurt Lovell’s always got something–”

“It wasn’t even him, it was Evaleen!” snapped Mariah over Remus’s diatribe, but he pressed on.

“–up his sleeve, but did you listen? No. And do you see what happened? You’re always just running around doing whatever you please–” 

“Oh come 

on

, Remus!”

The dog barked once, and Mariah and Remus fell silent.

The werewolf ran a hand down his face, sighing deeply, looking, if possible, more tired than ever. “Voldemort is back,” he said finally.

Mariah looked from Remus to Sirius the dog, and back, waiting for the punchline. “Voldemort is back 

where

?” she asked, finally.

The last of Remus’s energy seemed to have drained from him the moment the words left his mouth, and he looked at her bleakly. “He’s back, Mariah. He’s got his body back. In the Third Task–”

“No…” said Mariah quietly as cold dread slowly spread through her heart.

“–the Triwizard Cup was a portkey. And Harry–” 

Mariah put her hands to her mouth.

“–and the Diggory boy were both transported to a graveyard where Peter and… and Voldemort were waiting. Peter killed Diggory, and took Harry’s blood, and used it to get Voldemort his body back. He and Harry dueled–” 

“He… 

you’re not telling me Harry’s dead–

”

“Harry’s alive,” said Remus, dispelling the worst of her fears. “He was injured, but not badly. He brought Diggory's body back.”

“But then–”

“It was Mad-Eye,” said a gruff voice, and Mariah looked around to see Sirius sitting on the floor where the dog had been moments before. “Barty Crouch’s son disguised as Mad-Eye Moody for the whole year, taking Polyjuice Potion.” 

“W-

what

?” Mariah’s head was spinning. She couldn’t remember sitting down on the bed, but she found herself on the edge of the mattress, one hand over her eyes as flashes of Moody from the past year flickered in her mind’s eye. Moody in the Great Hall drinking from his flask. Moody at the Yule Ball, his magical eye fixating on her. “The 

whole time

?” she said again, unable to process. “But I – I spoke to him… he said…” 

I like to keep an eye on people with history, Jaeger.


“I know this is a lot to take in,” said Remus. “But we need your help. Dumbledore’s assembled a resistance. The 

Daily Prophet

 broke the story of the Diggory boy's death, but Fudge doesn’t believe Voldemort’s really back. He believes the cock-and-bull stories Rita Skeeter has been publishing all year about Harry’s mental state. But Dumbledore knows we can’t wait for him. We’re reaching out to everyone we can trust. We need to act 

now

, before he regains the power, before things go back to the way they used to be.”

Mariah looked up at Remus, who was looking back at her. 

“You… you want my help?” she repeated slowly, glancing at Sirius.

“We 

need

 your help,” he emphasized, but Mariah shook her head.

“I can’t help with this…”

“Mariah…”

“No, Remus, you’re right, this is a 

lot

 to take in. Voldemort’s back? Are you fucking 

kidding

 me?” Her voice rose hysterically. “I thought he fucking 

died!

 I thought we were done with this!” 

“Us, too,” said Remus solemnly.

Mariah felt her eyes grow hot as tears threatened to spill over. “It was over! The war was over! He can’t be back. What the fuck are Lily and James dead for then?” She was yelling now. “They 

died

 protecting Harry! Voldemort 

died

 trying to kill Harry! He was 

dead

, that was the 

deal!

 He can’t just 

come back!

” She collapsed into tears, her face in her hands.

Remus put a hand on her shoulder, but glanced at Sirius. “I’m going to go make some tea,” he said quietly. He dropped the hand from Mariah's shoulder, letting himself out of the bedroom, leaving Mariah and Sirius alone. 

Mariah cried for a long time without looking up, but when she did finally, Sirius was no longer on the floor, instead pacing the room away from her. She vaguely recognized his robes as Remus’s, though they hung loosely on his shrunken frame, and though his hair was not matted like it had been in the wanted posters, he looked shaggy and unkempt. But beneath his gaunt face she could see the familiar patterns of his energy. Her anger at the news she had just been told had not yet subsided, and came back in full force as she looked at him. 

Back in England

 was all he had said to her since their reunion, and she knew he had brought her the issue of 

Witch Weekly 

after the Ball. She knew only too well what he must be thinking.

“I suppose this is where your lecture starts, is it?” she said sharply. “Time to lay down thirteen years of passive aggression, well let’s have it!” 

Sirius turned around, his grey eyes fixed on hers. 

“Let’s not do this now. You’re in shock,” he said.

“Oh, what, so we can do it later in a three-word note when it suits you? Fuck you, Sirius!” Mariah wiped her eyes angrily. “Just say what you’re going to say already.” 

Sirius turned away from her, resuming his pacing. Mariah laughed thickly.

“You don’t even want to be here, I bet. You’re just staying with Remus so you had to come along. I bet he told you we were sleeping together, too.” 

“He didn’t have to, you were there every weekend,” said Sirius, running a hand through his hair. “Stop trying to get a rise out of me, it won’t work.”

Mariah felt a pang, and her sick smile faded. “You didn’t say anything. 

Back in England

, that’s all you said, for a year, but you were in Hogsmeade the entire time.”

“Remus told Dumbledore you had been under a Ministry curse the previous year, and he thought it best not to tell you where I was,” said Sirius. “But I decided to anyway, as much as I could.” 

Mariah didn’t say anything. Sirius suddenly stopped his pacing. 

“You want me to say what I’m going to say? Fine. How long?” he asked finally, looking around at her. “How long were you with him?” His calm expression scared Mariah, her previous furious energy suddenly missing.

“Remus?”

“Not Remus. You know who I mean,” said Sirius.

“Nothing happened at Christmas, I told–”

“Before,” said Sirius. His words sounded measured. “You were married.”

“Two years,” said Mariah quietly. “We were engaged, but never married.”

Sirius nodded, crossing his arms. “I knew you were bound to move on, but I’ve got to say you really went for the kill,” he said roughly.

Mariah felt another pang of guilt but it was flushed quickly with anger. “And what about it? As far as I knew you’d murdered twelve Muggles and killed three of our friends. Who else did I know?”

“Well, obviously Remus. Seems you know him

 quite

 well.” 

“

Please,

” said Mariah sharply. “You know perfectly well that I hadn’t spoken to Remus until last year for the exact same reason as you. I was thrown in Azkaban for two weeks because of you, and they wouldn’t even tell me 

why

. It wasn’t until I was brought out for questioning that I heard…” She broke off, her voice strangely high pitched. When she looked up, Sirius’s eyes were on hers.

“You were thrown in for two weeks? I was thrown in for twelve years!” shouted Sirius, his calm demeanor finally breaking. “Twelve 

fucking

 years, Mariah! I knew I was fucked, I knew no one believed I was innocent, but somewhere deep down I held out an insane hope that the one person who might believe me would be my own 

fucking 

wife. And I held onto that hope like it was the last thing I had, only to find out not one year after I was thrown inside you were back with that 

fucking

 Death Eater.” 

There was a ringing silence when he finished. Sirius was breathing heavily. Mariah was frozen, unable to look away from him. His eyes were wild, sunken like his posters, his skin stretched thin over his bones. Mariah felt the fear she had felt for so long of the man she had thought had been responsible for the deaths of her friends. But in moments that wild mask had melted and she saw herself staring into the eyes of her friend, sorrowful and pained. He turned and sat down hard on the edge of the bed with his back to Mariah. 

“Why didn’t you divorce me?” asked Sirius after a minute, his voice quiet once more. 

“What?” said Mariah, her heart racing. 

“I was thrown into prison, a man asked 

my

 wife to marry him and she said 

yes

, and yet you and I are still married?” he said, his voice tinged with his old signature sarcasm. “Color me curious.”

“I don’t know,” said Mariah numbly. “I suppose… I suppose it felt like all I had left of...of before.”

Sirius did not reply. They sat in silence for a long time. Mariah stared at the floor. She felt deflated, as though the pressure of the pain of the past fifteen years had ebbed, leaving her empty. After a while she felt a hand on hers and looked around. Sirius was not facing her, but his fingers curled around her palm where it lay gripping the edge of the mattress. She adjusted her hand so her fingers covered his. They said nothing further.

“There’s no way Remus is still making tea,” said Sirius after a long while. Mariah felt a flicker of a smile die on her lips as soon as it appeared.

“I can’t help you,” she said, her voice breaking. “I would just fuck everything up. I can’t.”

“They need you,” said Sirius. “Harry needs you.” 

“Harry hates me,” said Mariah, feeling hollow. “Lily would hate me, too.”

“You can’t blame him for being angry,” said Sirius sharply. “Mariah, he’s been raised by people who think he’s the scum of the Earth for 14 years when you could have stepped up and prevented it. I’m angry too, Merlin knows I’d have been there in an 

instant

 if I hadn’t…” He broke off. “Listen, you may not have done the best for him so far, but the past doesn’t matter anymore. He needs us 

now

, Mariah. We made a vow to protect him.” 

Mariah closed her eyes, feeling tears escape from beneath her eyelashes, and put her hands over her face so that her fingers dug into her skull. All of the self-loathing she had worked hard to beat down over the years came bubbling to the surface, and she felt all the more ashamed at Sirius’s words. The past may have been beyond saving but it mattered more than he knew. 

“I fucked up, I fucked up,” she said quietly, shaking her head.

“We all fucked up,” said Sirius. “Come help us fix it.” 

Mariah felt the mattress shift, and a moment later Sirius’s arms were around her. It felt like emerging into sunlight after years spent underground. She felt herself crying harder. 

“We need your help,” said Sirius, so softly that for a moment Mariah thought she had imagined his words. “I need your help, Mariah.” 

“I’m sorry,” said Mariah. She reached her arms up, her fingers feeling his shoulder blades through his robes. He was so skinny, but his embrace was strong, and it tightened as she pulled him closer to her. “I’m sorry.” 

“I’m sorry, too,” she heard Sirius whisper back.

They held each other for a long time.

“Okay,” said Mariah after a few minutes had passed. “I’ll help you.”





Notes:

At long (long, long) last, BELL, BOOK, AND CANDLE has reached its conclusion! Thank you for your patience and support as we wrapped up these last few chapters--keep an eye out for the third installment, HOCUS POCUS, coming soon!