Chapter 1: The End
    




Chapter Text
One more day.She drags the next tome towards her, the late morning sunlight winking off the dust motes in the air. She holds her hands to the sides of her face in an attempt to focus only on the text, blinkering herself against all other stimuli.
The peculiarities and purposes underlying the legal designation of non-human magical beings recommend themselves to-
There's probably a more recent book on this subject here, she thinks suddenly. She half-rises from her seat before she stops herself. She's like a fidgety child today, unable to set her mind to any one thing in particular. She tries again to focus on the words in front of her.
The peculiarities and purposes underlying the legal designation of non-human magical beings recommend themselves to further examination within the context of early modern-
She finished her final Hogwarts examinations less than a week ago and will be boarding the Hogwarts Express tomorrow morning for the very last time. Her mind whirls with a mixture of anticipation and dread. Anxiety has been building within her for days, stoked by the knowledge that her remaining minutes and hours in this wondrous castle are dwindling.She reasons that there is more than enough time today to do almost all of the things she wants to do, like spend time with Ginny, Luna and Neville, visit Hagrid, and wring the last few precious drops of knowledge from the library's formidable collection. Her thoughts inexorably turn to the one thing she ought to do, but certainly doesn't want to do. Or is it that she wants to, but ought not to?After a night tossing and turning in the now too small bed, at dawn she sought refuge in the library.
The peculiarities and purposes underlying the legal designation of non-human magical beings recommend themselves to further examination within the context of early modern Wizarding property law as set forth in the treatise on House Elves by pre-eminent seventeenth century scholar Cepheus-
She slams the book shut and bolts out of her seat. She swiftly returns the books to their proper places and exits the library, deciding that it's not too early to head down to lunch. Yes, the noisy, boisterous activity of the Great Hall would be welcome.She breezes into lunch a few minutes later, her dress and hair streaming slightly in her wake. She makes a beeline for the Gryffindor table, diving into its raucous activity with rare gusto and carrying on several conversations at once as she helps herself to sandwiches and salad.Despite this deliberate plate-spinning, her thoughts and eyes still find time to wander. She jerks her attention back to her friends with increasing force, even initiating a parlour game that quickly spirals out of control.Ginny Weasley's freckled face is screwed up in serious thought, glossy pink lips pursed. She takes a sip of pumpkin juice and nods.“You'd rather have sex with a Flobberworm than a Blast-ended Skrewt?” asks someone in disbelief.“Yes, I've decided I would. Don't ask me to show my working unless you all want to lose your lunch,” she adds with a grin.“Too late,” Hermione says with a chuckle. Her eyes scan the hall before she manages to snap them back to Ginny.“So are you coming down to the lake with us now?” Ginny asks. “Or are you heading back to the library?”The light glints off something at the edge of her vision and her stomach swoops. “Though the library does call to me,” she manages, trying to conceal her quickened breathing, “I've decided that I'd like to spend the afternoon lazing in the sun with you lot.”Ginny cackles in delight and throws her arms around her friend. “I have a ton of relationship quizzes from Witch Weekly saved up for just this occasion. Wait till you hear them – they're hilarious.”The group rises from the table a few minutes later and sets off for the castle grounds. As they pass the other house tables, Hermione can't help but pick out one voice from the cacophony.The speaker's tone is detached, as always. She drinks it in. “- see the point in lingering. McGonagall has been ever so obliging, permitting me to Apparate home directly after the leaving feast tonight. She can't wait to see the back of me. She doesn't even try to hide it any more. None of them do.”The touch of a hand to her bare arm feels like a bolt of electricity. “Hermione, are you alright?” Ginny asks.No. She wants to scream to whoever will listen. She hasn't been alright for weeks, months.“I'm fine,” she says at last. “I'm just going to miss it.”Ginny gives her arm a squeeze. “I know.”She allows herself to be steered away from the Great Hall and into the sunshine outdoors.
She dreams that she confesses everything, laying bare every excruciating detail. He watches impassively as she unravels before him, looming over her in a way he never has in reality. Suddenly, a pale hand is at her throat. His fingers flex and squeeze, she struggles to breathe but can't move, can't look away, can't bear to miss this even as he's hurting her, slowly wringing the life from her.“Are you still listening?”“I think she's asleep.”“I'm awake,” Hermione says softly. She squints as the sliver of dazzling blue sky expands to fill her vision once again. “Must have nodded off.” She sits up and turns to look at Ginny, who is lying on her front, leafing idly through a magazine. A little way off, Neville is filling out a sheaf of forms and Luna is making a daisy chain out of nettles.“What have I missed?” she asks, sitting up and picking a few blades of grass from her hair. Goosebumps appear on her bare arms as she recalls the face from her dream.“Nothing much, except for the Giant Squid,” Ginny responds. She glances at her watch. “We're supposed to be playing the House Unity match at half-past three. Oh, here, let me.”Ginny crawls closer and takes up Hermione's weighty mane. She divides the hair into sections and begins plaiting them. “Doing hair the Muggle way is fun.”Hermione squeezes her eyes shut and tries to focus on Ginny's voice and deft fingers. She sees him behind her eyelids.“Has he written to you at all? Even under some stupid pretence?” Ginny asks nonchalantly. She adds, “I keep asking Harry but he's next to useless, you'd think he didn't see Ron every day.”Ron. She hasn't thought of him in days. “He hasn't, and I think it's for the best,” she sighs, “Until he sees that it wouldn't have worked, it's just going to keep hurting him. He'll come round eventually.” Ginny's hands have stilled their work. “Has something happened?”“Not really-”“It's okay, you can tell me.”“Mum's under the impression that he's been seeing someone,” her tone is apologetic. “You know Mum, though, it's probably wishful thinking on her end.”“Good for him,” Hermione murmurs, disgusted that her guilt has lessened. She catches Ginny's eye. “I mean it. A part of me hates it, of course, but that just further proves my point. We were too possessive of each another, that's not how it should be.”Ginny nods but Hermione knows she doesn't truly understand.“And have you thought about it? Going out with someone else, I mean?” She ties off the braid and runs one hand down it, admiring her work.Hermione takes too long choosing her words.“There is someone, isn't there? Who is it?” Ginny's eyes go round in surprise.“No, no, there most definitely isn't.” The other girl's grin is wider than the Cheshire cat's, and part of Hermione is desperate to divulge the truth.“Ginny, come on, you know me. It's just thoughts, silly, stupid, insane thoughts.” You have no idea how insane, she thinks. She fixes her friend with a her best serious look. “You say I think too much about everything, why would this be any different?”Ginny seems unconvinced, but lets it slide. She tidies the magazines into a haphazard pile. “You'll probably end up meeting some silver fox at the Ministry anyway.”“A silver what?”Ginny smirks. “Oh yes, he'll be an older gentleman, with some deep-set lines but a nice head of hair. He'll be your mentor and initiate you in the workings of the MLE and you'll be oh so grateful for everything he does for you. You'll have intellectual debates into the wee hours about stupid points of law. And then one night you'll decide that you're sick of talking and just start going at it-”“Ginny, that's-”“-on top of a pile of dusty scrolls!”“That's ridic-”“-in the Ministry archives!”“The Ministry doesn't ha-”“-whispering sweet nothings about House Elf liberation!”Hermione finally breaks, as Ginny intended, collapsing into laughter.“It's funny because it's true,” says the younger girl after a minute, which just sets Hermione off again.They part ways a while later. Hermione makes the excuse that she wants to visit Hagrid on her own, which is partly true. But the closer it gets to dinnertime, the more the familiar sickness seeps back in. She thought she had all day and most of tomorrow to make a decision. But now he's leaving early, forcing her hand. Hagrid's seems like the perfect place to hide, for a time.She strides through the too-tall grass, picking her way towards the familiar hut. Like midges, scenarios and possibilities swarm about her, causing her fists to clench as she huffs in frustration. She looks over at the castle in the distance and realises that she was in this very spot some ten months ago, on the last day of August.The day was hot, she remembers. The rebuilding of the castle had been completed weeks before and there was little left for Hermione to do beyond tidying classrooms for the new school year. She decided to take a break and visit Hagrid before she was overrun with homework. The heat rose in a visible haze across the grounds when she set off that afternoon. She recalls how her hair was piled on top of her head in an attempt to keep her neck and shoulders cool, and the pleasing sound of her sun dress as it swished about her legs.When she reached the start of the slope down to Hagrid's, something made her look round. The lake glittered in the sunshine, but the scene was spoiled by a tall, hunched form in a black cloak standing on its bank. McGonagall had warned her he was coming back a day early. It was decided that his presence on the Hogwarts Express tomorrow would only invite complaints.His pale face was turned away to the left. Hermione followed his line of sight to an Auror positioned some way off, identifiable by his robes. McGonagall had told her about this as well. A requirement of Malfoy's returning to school. It wasn't clear whom he was here to protect. She recalled the harsh faces of the sixth years who had survived the Carrows.The Auror and his charge were locked in a staring match. She squinted, trying to see if the older wizard was someone she recognised, when his head swivelled briefly in her direction before turning back to his mark. And again. Her eyes flicked to the right, unwittingly stumbling right into Malfoy's gaze. She could tell he was looking at her because he had turned his entire body in her direction.The Auror watched Malfoy and Malfoy watched her, but before long he turned his back on her.She kept watching him for a few moments then. In the following days, weeks and months, she watched. At first she was waiting for him to slip up, to be the hateful boy she knew. But she quickly realised that she didn't know this person at all: the one who sat in the library every evening reading, reading, always reading; the one whom she was partnered with in Potions and who didn't utter so much as a word about it; the one who had actually made her laugh on occasion with his scathing critiques of their textbooks. When they passed each other in the corridors, he acknowledged her.She had kept watching to see if it was all an act, long after she knew it wasn't. She kept watching right up until a few weeks ago, when she realised that she didn't want to stop.That made her stop. It made everything stop.In the present, Hermione feels eyes on her, but there's no one to be seen across the rolling lawns. She wheels around and nearly trips on the descent to Hagrid's. She places all her faith in a cup of tea and conversation. Afterwards she'll know what to do.
“Tha's good ter hear, that Harry an' Ron are getting' on well. Ha! Aurors. I knew they had it in them.” Hagrid's eyes have been glistening since she arrived, over an hour ago. His sentimentality is a welcome respite from her own.“They do miss it here, though. Harry especially,” she offers. She squeezes the half-giant's massive arm. “I'm going to.”Hagrid sniffs. “Don't you start that now. You've got yer whole life to look forward to. I can't wait to see what you make of yourself. You know, I tol' McGonagall to tell them about how you helped me with Buckbeak's hearing – back when you were just a slip of a thing.”“In my recommendation letter? For the Ministry?”“Yep,” he said, grinning through his beard. “I remember you cartin' all those law books down here, making notes for me. You were made for the law, tha's what I told McGonagall.”“Oh, Hagrid.” She blinks back a tear. “That means a lot to me. I'm still not sure if I'm going to take the Ministry job, though.”“Of course you're taking the job! Hermione Granger not work at the Ministry? Hmph! How're you going to become Minister if you don't work at the Ministry?” he asks, as though he's trapped her with his logic.There's little point trying to explain her doubts, but she attempts it anyway. “I'm not really sure I'm ready to choose a career. With the war and my parents, I just don't feel... There's a university in America that offers advanced programmes in-”“America? Why'd you want to go the whole way over there?” his bushy brows furrow in confusion.Then his dark eyes fill with sympathy, “Ah, I see now,” he takes a swig of tea. “I hear that the Americans don't put much store by blood and such. That they're more...”“Egalitarian?”“Tha's the one. Decent, in other words.” He sighs. “No one knows their own mind better than you, 'Ermione, but I have to say, I'd hate ter see you run away from yer own country, yer own Ministry, because of slimy cretins like Malfoy.”A hot flush rises through her at the name. “Don't worry, Hagrid. I'm not afraid of people like Malfoy.”“'Arry wrote to me, says he hasn't said 'boo' to you all year. ”She nods. “He's...different.”Hagrid shakes his head. “He's a nasty piece o' work. I know you three feel some sort of debt to him for not giving Harry up, but that doesn't make all the bad things he's done go away. I still can't believe they let him come back ter Hogwarts.”“He was found innocent-”“He tried to destroy it, Hermione,” Hagrid rumbles. “He let Death Eaters into our home. My home. I know what you're going ter say. You're right. Dumbledore would've forgiven him, welcomed him back with open arms. Dumbledore was a great man. Harry's a great man that way too. Not me.”She pats his arm a final time and stands, brushing out her skirt.“I'd best be off, need to finish packing before dinner,” she lies.“Always so organised,” Hagrid chuckles, walking her to the door. “Well, then, I'll see you at the feast.”The sky is a moody grey when she emerges from Hagrid's. All the day's warmth has been sucked heavenwards, leaving a chill in the air. She forces herself to walk slowly in the direction of the castle. There's no point in rushing off if she hasn't made a decision yet. Or has she? She thinks for a moment.No, she definitely hasn't.She curses nonsensically under her breath. She's had weeks to work up to it, a hundred opportunities to say something or keep it to herself. She considers the missed chances. A note slipped into a pocket. A quiet word in the corridor. A bold declaration on the train.What it all comes down to, what would really make up her mind was knowing which is more selfish. Would it be worse to foist this unwieldy, disturbing revelation on him? Or is it worse to hide it away? It is, after all, the truth.At times she's dumbfounded: how can he not know what's occurred? How can he be unaware of the thrilling agony he's inflicted? Does he think of her at all, even in the most banal instances? She is fairly confident that he no longer finds her insufferable, but there's no polite way to find out whether she still disgusts him on some deeper level. She doesn't know if that would help her decide. It may just push her to act out of pure spite.She feels the rain begin to spit down, but her pace only slows further. Her legs have taken her the wrong way. Her route has been tracing the edge of the forest. She peers in through the ghostly trees but all is still. The rain increases to a drizzle and she stands under a tree for shelter. The thrumming rain lulls her and her mind drifts to places she hasn't dared to consider up to now.She smiles. Naturally, she's researched the brain chemicals involved in this fiasco, but that only serves to make it feel more spectacular, not less. She never would have guessed it – that the most wondrous thing to happen in her final year of Hogwarts would take place entirely within her own mind and body, no trolls necessary.When she comes back to herself, she realises that it is late. The feast is probably almost over, if it isn't already. She sets off at a run through the pouring rain, sandals squelching in the muck.She's not quite sure what she's running towards, but she refuses to let herself off the hook that easily. Her hair and dress are soaked through before she thinks to cast a charm. She is halfway across the lawn when she sees a small figure in the distance, walking towards the school gates.She can't tell if it's him. “Malfoy!” she calls once, but only once.Her steps slow along with the rain. A weight lifts from her chest as the figure disappears from view.“At least I tried,” she fibs. She sighs and walks on. Relief begins to rise up through her bones. She feels her appetite stirring and wonders if the House Elves have any leftovers from dinner. She stops on the castle steps to clean her muddy feet, and almost skips into the entrance hall.She immediately skids to a halt. “You're still here,” she gasps, not fully believing her eyes. The sickness in her stomach returns with a vengeance.Draco Malfoy's gaze travels slowly from her rain-soaked hair and clothes to her sandalled feet, which are standing in a swiftly forming puddle.Something tugs at the corner of his mouth. “I thought I would wait until the rain cleared before walking to the gates.”“Oh.”Hermione takes the opportunity to drink in his features for a final time, memorising the shape of his nose and the jut of his jaw.They stand in silence for five seconds. She shivers, awareness of the cold finally reaching her overloaded brain, and throws an arm across her torso, grasping her elbow.“So what are your plans for next year?” she ventures, certain that her heart's frenzied beats are echoing off the walls.The rumour of a sneer appears on his face before she realises this was the wrong thing to say.“I don't know what I'm doing yet,” she blurts out. “I mean, I have an offer from the Ministry and I have to give my answer by the beginning of August, but...” She pauses.“But what?” he prompts, raising one pale brow.She shrugs and shakes her head, goosebumps rising on her arms as water from her hair slips down her back.“It's silly. I'm just afraid, I suppose. Everyone's always said that I'm the smartest witch of the age, that I have a bright future ahead of me, but what if everything up to now – what if that's all there is? What if I join the Ministry and never do anything good or brilliant ever again?”Draco shifts, causing his expensive summer cloak to ripple. “Why are you asking me?”A dozen responses dance on the tip of her tongue.“Because I know you will tell me the truth.”The well-worn smirk appears at last. “Coming to me for some tough love, Granger?” Her eyes flutter closed at her body's traitorous response to his words. “Do you want me to tell you that you'll be nothing more than an empty robe, making no further mark on the world?”She nods jerkily, the fingers of her right hand gripping her left elbow, turning the rain-flushed skin white. “If that's what you think.”After an eternity, Malfoy shakes his head, looking out through the open doors. “Sorry as I am to say it, Granger, I don't think this is the last our world has heard from you.”Our world, he said.“What of me?” he asks suddenly, eyes fixed on the four house hourglasses, emptied again until September.She knows what he's asking. She returns the favour.“I don't know what you might want to do with your life, what avenues are still open to you, but I am certain that your life will be meaningful, if you choose.”Words from dozens of advice columns whisper in her ear like meddling aunts.The prose and poetry of hundreds of writers pool on her tongue like treacle.Facts and theories from thousands of sources stream before her mind's eye, rightly drowning out the rest. Memories of her first-year textbooks sharpen in an instant:
Something cannot be created from nothing
and
Timing is everything
“The rain's stopped,” Malfoy says, seconds or hours later.Before she can prepare herself, he is striding over to her and extending his pale hand. She slips hers into his without hesitation and is shocked by its warmth. Grey eyes meet brown for no more than a breath.“So long, Granger,” he drawls.He sets his shoulders back and strides out into the falling dusk.The longer she stands in the draughty entrance hall, the sicker she feels. Her legs and arms are frozen in place, yet she feels she has run to the castle gates and back a thousand times. Her stomach clenches as nausea sweeps through her.Is this what it's like? Being at war with yourself?Is this how he felt? In sixth year? Last Easter?She waits in vain to hear the pop of Disapparition that will release her. The signal that it's over, done, without being done.
Some time later, she bursts through the Hospital Wing doors. Her eyes naturally seek Harry's familiar shape tucked into one of the beds, but it is deserted.“My dear, are you ill?” comes a voice from the office. Madam Pomfrey rises quickly from her seat to meet Hermione in the doorway. She casts several diagnostic spells and concludes by holding her papery, soft palm to Hermione's perspiring forehead.Hermione shakes her head, feeling woozy. Her breathing comes in pants, and she collapses trembling into a seat by the nurse's desk. “I'm not ill, Madam Pomfrey, I'm- I'm in...”The unspoken word throbs through her veins and she raises her dilated pupils to meet the Matron's concerned gaze.“You're in need of a good night's sleep, young lady,” says the older witch sternly. “Don't think we haven't noticed you running yourself ragged these last few weeks.” She unlocks the floor-to-ceiling cupboard with a flick of her wand, drawing out a familiar blue potion bottle. She places it into Hermione's hand. “Leaving Hogwarts is hard for everyone, but I think you may find it harder than most.”
“I can't, I can't, I can't,” she whispers to herself, wringing her hands.She is pacing in front of the fire in the Gryffindor common room. The bottle of Dreamless Sleep potion lies unopened on the table.“I must,” she breathes. “For both of us, I must.”Summoning parchment and a quill, she throws herself to the floor and begins to write. 









Chapter 2: Hermione's Letter
    




Chapter Text

It is late and I am alone in the common room. The rest of my housemates are asleep in their beds, but I can't sleep. Not yet. Not ever, perhaps, if I can't find it within me to do what I must. In my remaining minutes and hours here, I have come to realise that this is the only way.


Why did you have to come back to Hogwarts? Why did you come back here after all that's happened? I know it wasn't part of your sentence, and I'm certain that NEWTs weren't your motivation. I've tried and tried to work it out but failed to come up with any satisfactory answers. If this last year has held some value, some purpose invisible to everyone but you, then perhaps it has done some good, on balance. I sincerely hope that what follows doesn't destroy that, in your eyes.


Believe me when I say that writing you this letter is the last thing I wanted. I've done everything in my power to avoid it, to no avail; I've held my tongue in the hopes that my feelings would change, but they have not. I'm at my wits' end, but this was never a question of wit, I know now. By writing to you, I am putting myself at your mercy: if you so choose, you can use these words to punish me in a hundred mortifying ways. But my fear of what you may do is nothing compared to my fear of what I will become if I let myself run from this, what should be the greatest magic there is. In this, of all things, I refuse to be a coward. Which is why you must know that I'm in love with you. I have been for months. If you are tempted to speculate on the origins and motives behind this, don't. It's a pointless exercise. The workings of the human heart are governed by powerful forces, of which logic isn't one. My heart is no different. For all the reasons there are to love you, as I do, I can easily list twice as many reasons to hate you. Yet it is love, not hate, that I feel. Love, not hate, permeates my waking and unwaking thoughts, influencing my every word and deed. Hating you is no longer an option for me; I don't think it ever was.


I expect nothing from you. In fact, I would prefer no response whatsoever, if that is also your wish. By reading this letter and knowing the truth of my feelings, however briefly, you have already exceeded any expectations I could possibly have. 


I wish you every happiness in life, and I hope that someday you experience the wonderful terror of loving someone as I do you.

 

Hermione J. Granger


 

 

 










Chapter 3: The Anticipation
    




Chapter Text
 From the gates of Hogwarts, Draco apparates directly to the foyer of Malfoy Manor where a House Elf is waiting to take his cloak. A cursory inspection of the sepulchral space reveals everything to be in order. He opens his mouth to dismiss the Elf when his gaze catches upon a lone vase. “Who ordered you to do this?” he asks, gesturing towards the magnificent bouquet of freshly cut flowers. The Elf goggles up at him in fear, stoking his irritation to anger. “No one, master. But Lady Malfoy always-” “Is Lady Malfoy here?” Draco’s tone is ice cold. “No, master.”“Then get rid of them,” he says. He suspects this is not the only liberty to have been taken in his absence. “All of them.”“Yes, master,” the Elf squeaks. It and the flowers disappear with a crack.The Elf should have waited to be dismissed. That it was clearly terrified of him is beside the point – it should have waited. “Can’t even control a bloody House Elf,” he mutters.Disobedient servants are the least of his concerns, but now his equilibrium is jostled and he feels a strange sensation begin to rise within him as he ascends the grand staircase. He lets his fingers skim along the smooth balustrade and focuses his attention on appreciating the deep lustre – until he remembers that the effort wasn't made for him. After several flights, he takes a sharp left into a corridor lined with portraits.A chorus of voices calls out to him: a few are welcoming, many are scornful, but most deafening of all are the silent ones. It sometimes happens with very old paintings, the art expert said, when the residual magic isn't enough to sustain them. Draco recalls leaving the room at this point in the farcical consultation. It was no coincidence that all of the paintings fell silent around the same time that the Manor began playing host to monsters. Stillness and muteness must have been a sweet relief. He continues to envy their easy escape.All he has for the clamouring survivors is a hissed threat (“Turpentine”), after which the calls stop.He glides past doors to rooms that he has never set foot in, that his father's father never set foot in, until he reaches his destination. Every part of him tenses as he enters his bedroom. The sconces on the walls flame to life unbidden. Untouched by anyone save the Elves since last August, the room is unnaturally tidy. His school trunk has already been unpacked and his shelves are fully stocked for the first time ever with books: they served as his primary companions through what he can finally admit was a wretched year and a colossal mistake. The empty trunk lies ajar at the foot of the bed, a mollusc gaping greedily in expectation. He wonders if he should take it as a sign, whether from the Elves or the cosmos, that his sojourn in this place will be brief.He shrugs off his outer school robes and hangs them in the armoire. He might just burn them later, but his family is cursed with a streak of sentimentality, often disguised as respect for the past, that means he will most likely keep the bloody things.He slips into the adjoining bathroom to wash away the Scottish air, briefly pondering his last-minute decision to shake Hermione Granger's hand. His planned early departure was beginning to seem like a cowardly slinking off, but he couldn’t be seen to waver, so he had left the Great Hall for the final time with dissatisfaction roiling in his gut. But then Granger appeared before him, a poor man’s naiad primed to witness his last display of utter contempt for the castle and everyone in it. But the strange little chat that followed was not what he expected, and left him feeling unsettled. The handshake was a means to wrest back some modicum of control and roundly conclude the final chapter in his travesty of a school career – before he shut it away for good.When he returns to the room, his feet carry him to the window that looks down onto the gardens. The sun is still setting this far south and so gilds the hedges and peacocks with light. The strange feeling that struck not long before continues to swell within him. He walks to the bed and sits down heavily on the edge. After a minute, he allows himself to fall back onto the feather duvet. He looks up at the white ceiling, staring past the intricate plaster mouldings that once were beautiful to him but now are only raised scars on alabaster skin. He lies there and recalls all the other times he has stared into this blank topography – three years ago, two years ago, one year ago, eleven months ago – seeking a solution to an impossible situation.Last July, a part of him thought that returning to Hogwarts would change things, would change him, but it only postponed the inevitable.Something is pinning him in place. After a second's consideration he recognises it as panic.I can't stay here, he thinks.This is an old refrain of his.These words haunted him throughout his family’s decline and degradation, but for the first time he has the power to put them to rest, to leave them here along with everything else and go where this nightmare is something that only happened to other people.He considers where he could go. To London? He could easily afford a flat in the city, become just another cloak in the hustle and bustle, but the idea is absurd. He could never blend in, he could never become part of the crowd. At best he would be a pariah, at worst a target.To France, then? He could join his parents on their perpetual holiday. The Ministry granted Lucius and Narcissa permission to stay in their Dordogne home for 2 weeks. That was last August. The permission was extended again and again, until they were finally granted indefinite leave to remain in France. The Ministry apparently likes having the English Channel between it and the Malfoys, and no doubt someone in the Magical Law department has their fingers crossed that Draco will soon be following suit. He has surmised that the cost of monitoring his movements and magic is astronomical, and the Ministry, with its predictable short-term memory, is trying to fob off as many “rehabilitated” Death Eaters as they can. Not for the first time, he wonders what the French Ministry demanded in exchange for taking on his mother and father.To Italy? Draco imagines it to be like France in many ways, but with more olive oil and less Lucius. Blaise Zabini often spends summers in Milan, and Draco thinks that the society there must be of the forgiving kind, to hold Blaise's murderess mother so close to its bosom. A failed murderer wouldn’t raise an eyebrow.He could go east, to the Baltic region. Perhaps out there he'll meet the Draco Malfoy who was sent to Durmstrang at age eleven, not Hogwarts, and whose life hasn't coiled itself in tighter and tighter knots ever since. He could be fluent in Russian by now. The only promised benefit of a uniquely Hogwarts education to have materialised is the only one to which his parents were vehemently opposed: mixing with children of “diverse” heritage.What about west? America is a long-distance Portkey away and no one he knows has ever been, already two points in its favour. It fashions itself as an absolute meritocracy, one where blood carries no weight... but where money takes you wherever you wish to go. Draco has more than enough Galleons to keep himself out of the melting pot.Fiendfyre flashes across the blank ceiling and he hears Crabbe's bloodcurdling screams. The feeling that has been building within him finally wins out, sending him dashing to the bathroom. He dry wretches painfully over the basin. When it is done, he catches his own eye in the mirror, bright and glassy.“I can't stay here,” he says.  
   He is holed up in his father's study when the letter arrives, like a rope tossed to a drowning man, and within the hour Theodore Nott is stepping out of the fireplace. Draco has never be more pleased to see his not-quite friend.“I wasn't expecting so swift a reply to my note,” Nott says as they clasp hands, “Lacking for decent conversation at Hogwarts, were you?”Nott is even thinner than Draco remembers, which makes him wonder if it was Hogwarts meals alone that kept him from looking like a walking corpse all these years.“You don't know the half of it,” Draco demurs. They settle in armchairs by the fire and suddenly it's fifth year again. A House Elf appears with a tray of whiskeys and other spirits. Each wizard sets about mixing his own drink, ill-conceived concoctions which, after years of posturing, they have now come to like. “What's your excuse? Still no social life to speak of, I see?”“You've been rattling around the Manor for all of an evening,” Nott takes a sip and sits back in the chair, “Try a year.”Draco smirks. “And how goes it at the Ministry? Making friends, I trust?”“Hardly. From the looks I get you'd think I was, well, you. For now, I'll settle for anything above outright contempt.” Draco's face is like blank parchment, but Nott's eyes narrow even so. “You weren't thinking...”Draco's brows rise in incredulity. “I'm not so addled as to think a Ministry job would ever be open to me.” He laughs and Nott joins in. It tastes bitter on his tongue. He tries to chase it away: “And I certainly won't be envying you come September.”Nott takes the bait. “What's in September?”“A little bird told me that Granger-”“Fuck.”“- is joining the Ministry.”“Do you know which department? Never mind, she's bound to be joining the MLE.” Nott swears again. “If they treat me poorly now, what will they say when they have Potter's perfect prig to compare me to?”Draco chuckles, genuinely now. “Like I said, I won't envy you.”Nott's mouth twists in displeasure. He shoots Draco a look as though this is somehow his fault. Draco realises with a jolt that it might be – his earlier words to Granger were not exactly demoralising.“Incidentally, I know about the Mudblood getting carved up on your drawing room floor.”Draco wasn’t expecting that.Nott adds, “Some incompetent left confidential files lying around, made for an interesting read over lunch. You’re lucky it was kept out of the papers-”“Potter’s doing, I’m sure.”“No doubt.” Nott sucks in his cheeks and clicks his tongue against the roof of his mouth. “What was it like?”Draco knows the question is far from idle. He almost pauses while reaching for the bottle. He tops up his drink. “Disappointing,” he manages at last. His eyes slide up to meet Nott's, who is the first to look away from whatever he finds there. Draco downs his drink.“Blast it all.” Nott falls silent, his eyes on the fire in the grate.While Nott stews on his thwarted professional ambitions, Draco’s thoughts remain with Granger. He thinks of her with little malice these days (he hoards most of it for himself), but the word Mudblood is still never far away. Yet now the term is charged with menace for him as well, and he dances around it as around a sharpened knife. He doubts he will ever utter it aloud again. If only he could banish it from his mind as well: he can't imagine thinking of one without the other, Granger without the dirty blood, not after seeing the slur’s gruesome crescendo in his own home.When he first returned to the school, he felt eyes on him everywhere he went. But even after the whispers and threats died down, even when his Auror escort began to loosen the leash, he knew she was still watching and waiting for him to slip up, anticipating a crack in his veneer. Draco knew she was waiting in vain: his Occlumency skills now ensured that he would lose his mind before he lost control of himself through fear or anger ever again.He was much more successful at observing her undetected.While Potter and the Weasel had disappeared into the ranks of the Aurors to be coddled for three years of training, Granger had returned to Hogwarts, as bright-eyed and bushy-tailed as ever. Against his own wishes, his eyes were drawn to her arms and throat, searching for scars he was certain should be there. A sleeve slipping to the crook of her elbow, a scarf being quickly unwound, these moments began to punctuate his encounters with her. He despised his own interest and tried to anticipate the unravelling that was surely inevitable.She remained obstinately composed as autumn rotted down to winter, turning his anticipation to dread. When she failed to recoil from him when they were seated together in Potions, he began to suspect that he, along with the rest of the school, were witnessing a performance that was nothing short of flawless. Couldn't her idiot friends see that something was wrong here? The less proof he had, the greater his conviction that all was not well with her. The alternative – that she was not damaged or diminished by the violence done to her – could not be countenanced. For it would mean that Hermione Granger had bested him once again, that she was strong where he was weak, that despite it all, she was striding into the future that should have been his, while he remained trapped in the cabinets, dungeons and drawing rooms of his own making. “My cousin's back from Australia,” Nott says.Draco is slow to look up. “Which cousin?”“The only one I have.”“I've never met him,” he says, his tone sour.“Neither had I. His parents left England before we were born.” Nott stretches his too-long limbs before refilling his glass. “He's a lawyer, private practice. Got a grotty little office in Muggle London. He claims it's only temporary while he builds up his client list, but I get the distinct impression he likes it there.”Draco smirks. “A progressive in the family? Your father will be rolling in his grave.”“He can roll all he likes,” Nott says briskly, business-like. “I'm having lunch with Oliver at the Ministry canteen on Tuesday. I'll make sure at least a few people from the office overhear us talking about Muggle-born rights or some such tripe.” Nott glances at Draco. “You can join us, if you like?”Draco shakes his head. “You can keep your Australian beard. If I'm ever desperate enough to fake a change of conscience, I'll need more than a Muggle-loving cousin to do it.”Nott cocks his head to the side, musing, “You'd need a Muggle-born wife, at a minimum, and a few Muggle mistresses thrown in for good measure-” Draco chokes on his drink.“It was only a joke,” says Nott.Draco quickly recovers, hissing, “Very funny indeed. My father would have my fucking hide if he-”“As would mine,” Nott leans forward with a gleam in his eyes, “…if the bastard were here.” Then he stands suddenly, raising his glass:“To fathers.”Draco stares up at Nott for a second. The hairs on his arms prickle as he slowly gets to his feet, but he lifts his tumbler high.“To fathers, and France.” 
   He is woken at dawn by something tapping on the windowpane. He peers through one eye, then opens the other and blinks when he recognises it as a Hogwarts school owl.“If I've forgotten a pair of pants, they can bloody well keep them,” he mutters. His voice is husky from sleep and Firewhisky.He glances over at the other armchair, now empty. Nott departed only a few hours ago, but the Elves have already tidied up.The room spins around him as he stands. He curses under his breath and makes his way towards the window. Shielding his eyes from the sunlight, he undoes the latch and the owl hops in, its head swivelling in apparent disapproval.Draco unties the letter from its leg and the owl takes its leave. He is surprised to find it addressed in black ink rather than the emerald green typical of official school correspondence. The envelope is thin, which immediately puts him on his guard. He resolves to thoroughly screen it for curses later, when he's less likely to botch the spell. The small, neat script seems familiar, but that's hardly proof of its friendly intent. He tosses the letter onto his father's – no – his desk and leaves the room in search of a shower and fresh clothes.He spends the morning in the grounds. It is still a novelty to walk in the fresh air without a Ministry shadow. Before long, he summons his broomstick and is aloft, swooping and spiralling and frightening the peacocks as he did when he was little. The sun beams fiercely as it makes its slow ascent. Draco blinks against the brightness but doesn't stop flying. He soon devises a game.He flies towards the sun, each time higher in the sky, and when the light becomes too bright to bear, he shuts his eyes and flies blind. Taking a turn here, making a loop there, he guesses that he is weaving among the chimney-tops, then tracing the periphery of the gardens. Only when he completes his sightless circuit does he open his eyes and find himself somewhere completely different to where he thought he'd be. He begins again and again, less careful each time, ignoring the scrape of brick against his knuckles or the squawks that tell him he is far off course. Suddenly he is thrown forward and off his broom, landing in the rose bushes. The thorns dig into his skin, making a dozen little tears as he clambers upright. It's well past noon. His skin tingles unpleasantly and he brings out his wand to stave off the developing sunburn and heal his cuts and bruises.It is much later that he remembers the existence of the letter. He is reclining in an armchair in the library, the sun sinking behind him, and he holds a small book in his right hand and a quill in the other, which he uses to make desultory notes in the margins. The book is considered a classic of Wizarding fiction, but Draco is unimpressed and his infuriated comments consist almost wholly of single, double or triple question marks, depending on the inanity of the writing. He perseveres for another while before casting it aside in disgust.“Elf,” he says, and one appears before him instantly. It is the insolent creature from the day before. “Fetch my post from the study.”A silver platter pops into existence in front of him, and the plain missive from the morning lies upon it.He casts a few revealing spells, but the letter appears to be as benign as it seems. He traces the tip of his wand along the edge to open it.As he unfolds the parchment, he detects a sweet, fruity scent. Curious, he brings the letter closer to his face and inhales. The fragrance, like the penmanship, is familiar, but he can’t place it. He glances down to the end of the letter and does a double-take.Granger has written to him?He groans aloud. She can’t believe they’re on amicable terms now, after only a handful of civil conversations? Is she hoping to commence some sort of…correspondence with him? Draco smirks at the thought. He is already planning to tell Nott of this misadventure as he begins reading Granger’s note.His grey eyes dart among the words, then he blinks once, twice, thrice.He continues, more slowly now.When he reaches the letter’s end, he immediately returns to the beginning. Halfway through, beastly laughter claws its way up from deep in his belly. He laughs and laughs, each harsh sound swallowed dutifully by the book-lined walls. He laughs until he is curled in on himself, ribs aching and eyes burning with tears. He gasps for breath.He was right.









Chapter 4: The Response
    


Notes:
This chapter has been sitting on my laptop for the better part of two years, so I thought I'd better just post it rather than leaving it to languish. So please excuse any errors, and I hope you enjoy it (for what it is). Thanks for reading!




Chapter Text
One month later, Draco is in Diagon Alley, putting his affairs in order before he leaves this blighted isle for good. With every step, he feels buoyed up, optimistic even.
Au revoir, Gringotts. 
He still hasn’t decided where he’s off to first. He has arranged several Portkeys and will see which takes his fancy tomorrow morning.
Auf Wiedersehen, Quality Quidditch Supplies. 
The Ministry had to approve his travel plans in advance, of course, but as long as he checks in with the British Wizarding embassy within three days of arriving in a foreign country, they are more than happy to the see the back of him.
Adiós, Madam Malkins. 
The only fly in the ointment is this damned headache. It has been plaguing him for weeks. As soon as the euphoria of vindication ebbed away on that sunny afternoon, Draco was struck low by a blinding pain in his skull. It has been his constant companion ever since, despite potions and elf remedies and liberal quantities of alcohol.But throughout this, niggling at the back of his mind, has been the question of whether to respond to Granger’s ludicrous overture, and if so, how. He initially considered bringing Nott in on the sick joke, but not before realising that if he did, he would then have to explain how, in the name of all that was magic and pure, Granger had managed to convince herself of this delusion. Draco would Diffindo his own tongue rather than admit that he and Granger had come to an understanding of sorts over the last year. No, that was best kept to himself. It was best for Draco, and certainly best for Granger, he thinks now, recalling Nott’s burgeoning grudge. Not that he cares.
Ciao, Eeylops Owl Emporium. 
Yes, four weeks of wrestling with this poisoned gift has left Draco’s head feeling like it’s gripped in a closing vice. He hopes that the bracing air of wherever it is he’s going will purge the pain from his skull once and for all.
Da svidaniya, Flourish and Blotts. 
As he passes the book shop, his gaze slips beneath his own reflection in the window and, suddenly, he sees her there inside. Granger.She’s dressed in flimsy Muggle clothing and is holding a stack of books to her chest. Her hair is an unruly horror as always, the ends coiling in the crooks of her elbows. His eyes set off on their familiar trek across her exposed skin and he surveys her as he did before, like a broken object.His gaze seizes on a tell-tale shimmer along the length of her neck. A glamour charm, he thinks with a twist of satisfaction.“It’s all just a veneer, isn’t it, Granger?” he murmurs.Nothing about her can be taken at face value, and her letter has finally given Draco a glimpse of what lies beneath. He was right all along.He very nearly walks on, eager to be away from this too-small world once and for all, but something – morbid curiosity, or perhaps a perverted sense of duty – compels him duck into the bookshop.A bell chimes somewhere in the depths of the building, announcing his entrance. It takes only a few seconds for Granger to notice him, thus eradicating his last whisper of hope that it was all a joke, a weak attempt to humiliate him: the way her brown eyes widen at the sight of him – the way she seems to stop breathing entirely – tells him all he needs to know. His head pounds.“Granger,” he says, unnecessarily, as she hasn't so much as blinked since he arrived.“Malfoy. What brings you here?” The corner of her mouth twitches but fails to materialise into anything approaching a smile. “Is there anything I can help you with?” she prompts, shifting to rest the books on her hip. Her eyes glance off his before darting away.Her false breeziness irritates him, then he parses her words. His stomach swoops like he’s missed a step going down. “Tell me you don’t work here, Granger,” he intones in disbelief. “Please,” he wants to add, but doesn’t.“I do, actually,” she says, her voice high. “What of it?” He can scarcely believe it, but his opinion of Potter and Weasley has sunk even lower. Surely they can’t have let her throw it all away?“What about the Ministry?” he snaps. Her brows shoot up and she looks him in the eye now. Her tone is slightly defensive, slightly curious, as though wondering why he cares. “I’m starting at the DMLE next September. I’m taking a year off first.”Thank Merlin for that, he thinks. For a moment there, he thought the situation was more dire than he realised. “I didn’t know the Ministry gave deferrals.”“They don’t usually, but they made an exception,” she says without a hint of smugness. “I’m working here for fun in the meantime.” She fidgets a little, tapping her foot, adjusting the books in her arms.“Fun,” he scoffs. Her response has reassured him a little, but he’s still well aware that things are far from all right.He lets his gaze drift to the shelves, and he immediately feels her eyes on him like a physical touch. He’s used to it by now. But that was when he felt like a suspect. He’s not used to his skin suddenly heating under her scrutiny. He swallows and he knows she’s watching the movement of his throat, his jaw. He meets her eyes, letting her know she’s been caught, but he’s the one who feels trapped. His cheeks warm.“Shouldn’t you use a wand for that?” he says abruptly, nodding at the tomes in her arms.She rolls her eyes. “These books are volatile and aren’t to be handled using magic under any circumstances.” She begins to turn away from him. “Now, if you don’t require any assistance finding a book, I’ll be getting back to work.”His eyes narrow as she scurries towards the back of the shop and disappears into the warren of shelving. He has been roundly dismissed.“Basket case,” he sneers.He slowly turns and exits the shop. His legs begin carrying him towards the Floo point, his original destination before this detour. He walks along the cobbled street once more and dissatisfaction buzzes through his bones. Suddenly this feels like his departure from Hogwarts all over again: what was intended to be a grand “fuck-off” farewell now feels like a cowardly escape.He stops dead in the street, forcing other shoppers to part around him, like a rock in a stream.With his blessing, anger begins to swell within him.He turns on his heel and slowly retraces his steps to the bookshop.How dare she act as though everything’s perfectly normal?After writing that travesty of a letter, after exposing her frailties so wantonly, she should be quivering in fear. She should be on her knees before him, begging, pleading with him for mercy. But no, she’s as bold as ever – actually, Malfoy, these books are volatile blahblahblah – swanning about as if she hasn’t handed Draco the key to utterly destroying her.Her chums might tolerate this nonsense, they might even commend it – oh, well done you, Hermione, that was so courageous, Hermione, you poured your filthy feelings all over the Ferret, Hermione, you’re a heroine, Hermione – but in Draco’s world, the real world, one never reveals a weakness without expecting dire consequences.“Wretched cow,” he mutters savagely, as he bursts through the door of Flourish and Blotts, “your friends don’t have a bloody clue what you’ve done. They don’t have the vaguest notion of how scarred you really are.” He strides to the back of the shop and hunts for a sign of her.He stalks between the aisles, not even caring that he’s cutting a ridiculous figure. Just another sin to lay at Granger’s door. He comes to a dead end and swears.
Stupid…stuck-up…deluded…crazy…mud–…bitch! 
He turns on his heel and takes off down another aisle, and another, and another.His fury begins to retreat like a tide, revealing more and more of the shale beneath the waves. Pity.The situation is pathetic. She is pathetic.But being pathetic is something Draco Malfoy is intimately familiar with. And it’s something he can fix.At last, he finds her bracing herself against a bookcase in the deserted Muggle fiction section, trembling and whispering furiously to herself.At this point, he doesn’t really need any more proof that she's cracked, but it’s nice to have all the same.“Granger!”She jumps and rounds on him. “For God’s sake, Malfoy!” she gasps, clutching her chest. “Now what do you want?”“What I want doesn't seem to matter very much these days,” he replies, coming to a stop in front of her. “But there are things we need to discuss.”She lifts her chin a little. “I have a fair idea of what you’re going to say, Malfoy. Don’t waste your breath.”“I wouldn’t be suggesting this if I could avoid it. Meet me at The Crone–”“I'm not meeting you in Knockturn Alley!” She has the gall to look scandalised.A dozen savage remarks spring to mind, but Draco chooses to be merciful. “I didn’t think you would wish to be seen with me anywhere more public than that. Though if you prefer, I could always write you a letter.” His mouth caresses the final word and he is surprised by the sudden loathing in her eyes. He hadn't noticed its absence until now.She sighs. “Fine. Fine.” She glances at her Muggle wristwatch. “I can be there in half an hour.”“Perfect.” He smiles and it makes her flinch, which makes him smile even more. 
 Thirty minutes later, Hermione is hurrying through the passageway that leads to Knockturn Alley and, most likely, her doom. Yet she refuses to be afraid – or ashamed, for that matter. There is nothing Malfoy can do to her that she hasn’t already imagined in excruciating detail over the last four weeks. She hoped it would never come to this, but she’s prepared to weather whatever Malfoy has in store for her. Fearless and shameless she may be, but her heart still races with some emotion as she draws closer to her destination.Fearless and shameless – yes, but hopeless?It’s not in her nature.She has spelled herself to be beneath anyone’s notice, but she still doesn’t want to linger in the open, so she flits along the crooked street at speed. She’s knows all about The Crone pub from Harry and Ron, of course. It is a prime spot for Aurors to tease information out of loose-lipped ne’er-do-wells and even apprehend the stupider breed of criminal, or so the boys have heard from other trainees. She hopes there are no especially observant Aurors in today.In the pub’s vestibule, she draws her wand from the pocket of her sundress and deftly begins the wand movement required to reinforce the glamour charm on her neck and arms. But then she stops mid-spell and stows her wand again.
Let him see.
It’s Malfoy. He already knows that she’s scarred, she’s sure of it. Now is not the time for hiding, especially if…If… Her heart soars on that little word.
Just, let him see you. 
Once inside the pub, she scans the dim lounge with a deliberate air of nonchalance, and soon spots a row of small, private booths, each distinguished by a narrow door set with an expanse of grimy stained glass. She sees Malfoy through a sickly-green shard in the final door. God help me, she thinks, and she pulls the door open before she can lose her nerve.She slides onto the green leather bench opposite him, stowing her cloak and bag beside her. She wonders if she has surprised him by actually coming. His expression gives nothing away, as usual, helped in no small part by Occlumency, she suspects. Shuttered or no, he looks even better than she remembers, even better than in her dreams. She thinks this may have been a terrible idea.She starts as two bottles of butterbeer pop into existence on the table. Malfoy is smirking now and Hermione knows this was a terrible idea.There are a few things she wants to say, but what comes out is an exasperated “Can we get this over with?”“Eager to return to your books?” He's enjoying himself immensely. She fights the urge to twitch under his gaze. After an eternity, he retrieves something from his pocket and slides it across the table to her.She eyes it with suspicion. “What is this?”“It’s a business card, Granger,” he drawls. Then he exhales and glances away. “Look, she’s a Mind Healer. The best in Britain. She specialises in dealing with trauma, and she’s expecting your owl.”His tone is as close to gentle as she’s ever heard it. Her stomach does a flip. She picks up the card and it trembles in her grasp. Hermione feels completely wrongfooted. Where is the mob of jeering Slytherins? Why isn’t he mocking her? Why is he looking at her like that? She’s never seen Malfoy look at anyone like this, with understanding.He continues in the same soft voice. “You’ve managed to convince the idiots you surround yourself with that you’re not…struggling, but anyone with a modicum of intelligence can see it. I’ve been expecting something,” he swallows, “not quite like this, but something, to give all year.”She feels goose bumps prickle on her arms, she doesn’t understand what is happening anymore. “Malfoy, I’m not sure what you’re playing at here.”He shifts in his seat. “I should think it obvious, Granger. So make the appointment; the first six hours are already paid for.” He is cagey as he adds, “Consider it an inadequate apology.”Before Hermione can marvel at the sight of a diffident Draco Malfoy, understanding dawns and hot mortification sweeps through her from head to toe. She would laugh if she could recall how to breathe.She frowns. “I…How…You think I don't know my own mind?”“It's the most plausible explanation.” He sits back in his seat, and now she can see the smugness in that soft gaze. The smugness and the pity. In that instant, she wants to slap him.She’s trying to remain calm in the face of this character assassination. “So, I've conjured this up as a result of – what? – my experiences in the war?” Her hand tightens around the card.He speaks to her like she’s a child: “You can't handle the hatred you feel toward me, so you've convinced yourself that you feel the opposite. I looked it up, it happened after the First Wizarding War too.”“Oh, well, that makes everything all right then,” she snaps.She takes a deep breath, collecting herself. “Reaction formation,” she says, to herself. “That's what Muggle psychoanalysts call it.” Her eyes snap to his implacable grey ones. “You cannot possibly believe that's what's going on here.”“It's obvious,” he says, impatience edging into his voice, “You don't want me, Granger. You want to hurt me, to kill me even, but your bleeding-heart sensibilities won't let you accept it.”She is searching for a response when he continues: “Then again, if you’d like to try to convince me otherwise…” He spreads his arms, his pale eyebrows rising in challenge. “Come on, Granger, I’m open to persuasion.” He pats the space next to him. His eyes are half-lidded, his smile wide and mocking.He waits a few seconds, then nudges her knee with his under the table and she recoils.His rictus grin drops away like it was never there. “Like I said, it’s the most plausible explanation.” He takes a sip of Butterbeer.“I’m not going to stay and listen to this nonsense.” She drops the card and starts to rise.He slams the bottle onto the table. “Sit down. Or else I will tell everyone – everyone – you’ve ever met what you told me. Fancy being front page of the Prophet tomorrow?” His eyes bore into hers.Hermione knows that he means every word. So she sits again and grips the edge of the leather bench with both hands.He sets his elbows on the table, steepling his fingers. “You like facts, Granger, don’t you? Let’s consider the facts. Your letter–”“Don’t,” she warns. Her hands clench tighter on the bench.He presses on regardless, “– was–”“Don’t!”“– unhinged. It read like the scribblings of a madwoman.”“Shut up!”But he keeps talking, persuading her, coaxing her, all so that she’ll agree that she’s gone round the twist. His efforts are in vain, of course: no one, not even him, can make her doubt her own mind. She’s insulted but intact. Until he starts quoting her words back to her.“It is late and I am alone in the common room,” he recites, his eyes glittering. “The rest of my housemates are asleep in their beds, but I can't sleep. Not yet. Not ever, perhaps, if I can't find it within me to do what I must. In my remaining minutes and hours here, I have come to realise that this is the only way…”Later she will wonder if he learnt her letter by heart just to make her suffer. In his mouth, her words become banal abominations, trivial and twisted to suit his outrageous claims. She sits and listens to the onslaught because she cannot move. Like a common brown beetle pinned in a stained-glass case, she is caught and carded, catalogued and labelled. What would a beetle know of its own nature? Or a Mudblood, for that matter?She feels the echo of a dagger meandering across her throat and blinks against the memories. The leather seat seems to warp beneath her hands, smoothing out into parquet flooring. And out of the corner of her eye – the glitter of a chandelier. Bile rises in her throat. She closes her eyes, begging silently for him to stop, stop, stop this bloodless vivisection.Doesn’t he realize what he’s doing?He doesn’t – he can’t know what he’s wreaking here. He may think he does, but that is no excuse.Malfoy seems to have run out of poison by the time Hermione resurfaces. He is rubbing his forehead. Cold sweat trickles down her neck.“Why?” she asks at last, her voice tiny and utterly alien. “I made it clear in my– my letter that I didn't expect a response from you. Why go out of your way to tell me all of this?”“I am trying to do you a favour,” he hisses. “I thought that if I pointed out how insane this all is, you'd see sense and go back to Weasel and live a long, happy, ginger-infested life. But as usual, my efforts get thrown back in my face.”Rage overtakes her. “Ron has nothing to do with this! And you have no right to tell me what I feel and why I feel it!”Malfoy lunges forward. “And you have no right to burden me with your emotional incontinence and feign ignorance and outrage when I react as any sane person would! You said yourself in the letter that you don't know why you feel the way you do. I was just offering a more mutually palatable explanation.”Her next words come out in a furious stream: “I never said I didn't know why I loved you. I said it couldn't be tallied like a simple list of pros and cons!” Her eyes are fearsome. “Rest assured, Malfoy, I know exactly why I love you.” The words burn in her throat, but she refuses to falter on the final self-incriminating syllables.Malfoy's face is inscrutable as she shoots out of her seat. Her skin is tingling, the glamour charm finally wearing off. She snatches up her cloak and bag and almost knocks over the glasses on the table. Meanwhile, Malfoy sits still as a statue.Hermione is reaching for the door when she is struck by a thought, compelling her to face him again. Her eyes sting with unshed tears, but she is grimly satisfied to hear the words emerge clear and unwavering from her mouth.“What did you do with my letter?” she asks, looking down at the man she loves in shock and misery.Malfoy is staring fixedly at her forearm. “I burnt it,” he says after a moment. “I thought it was the least I could do. A parting gift, if you will.”Hermione's eyelids flutter closed.
I burnt it. 
Her ears are ringing as she briskly dashes the tears away with her hand. Sniffing, she says, “You know, Malfoy, if anyone needs a Mind Healer here, it’s you.”He doesn’t hear her. She tracks his stricken gaze to her freshly revealed scars – faint twining tendrils that, on a good day, make her feel like she’s ore threaded with silver: tough, and beautiful.She glances back to Malfoy. Of course that’s not how he sees her.What made her think he ever could?With one final withering look at him, she leaves the booth and shuts the door behind her.









Chapter 5: The Journey I
    


Notes:
Hiya. I get a little bit meta in this chapter, playing around with movie canon versus book canon.




Chapter Text

Milan, Italy

One day later
Draco is spending his first night in the Zabini villa on Lake Garda after drinking too much wine with Blaise and his circle. One of them, a sultry, smirking witch named Chiara, seemed especially interested in him. Draco wasn’t able to work out if her interest was sparked by his name of ill repute or his magnetic personality, or if he cared either way. There is an edge to her, no doubt about it, but he will have plenty of time to find out if he wants that edge any closer. As it is, blaming Portkey fatigue, he has excused himself at the early hour of three in the morning to macho jeers and catcalls in English, Italian and French, and stumbled to his room.He strips clumsily out of his robes in the moonlit room, his eyes feeling heavier by the second. Shrieks and laughter waft up from below. He grasps for his wand and points at the door, silencing and locking it. He turns and does the same to the door leading to the balcony. The tiled floor is cool under his bare feet as he pads to the bed. He drops his wand on the bedside table and slides under the crisp sheets. The world rocks gently around him, but he has no regrets. In fact, he has plans to do the same again tomorrow night. As he rapidly sinks into sleep, one thought brings a smile to his face: this is his first time falling asleep anywhere other than the manor or Hogwarts. It feels sublime.
“Draco, Draco,” sighs a voice. “Draco, wake up. Look at me.”

He turns towards the sound and opens his eyes to blueish light. Hermione Granger is standing before him, arms bared by her sides.

A door slams…
Draco wakes up with a jerk, but soon falls back to sleep. He does not remember the dream in the morning. 
 
An unplottable estate outside Perigueux, France

Six months later
His mother embraces him the moment he appears at the bottom of the front steps. The breeze whips at her hair and silk robes, but when she pulls back there is only delight on her face. She brings her palms up to his cheeks and looks at him with what can only be described as love.“Draco, my darling.” She gazes at him, dropping her hands to squeeze his. “I have missed you.”He squeezes back. “I know, Mother.” Draco looks over the top of his mother’s head, to where his father is waiting at the top of the steps.“Hello, Father,” Draco says.Lucius nods. “Draco.”“You look well,” Draco says. His father appears gaunt, beaten.Lucius’s silver eyes narrow at the comment. “Pah. Someone else come to lie to my face.”“You’ve had visitors?” He turns to his mother in surprise.“Not for a long while,” she says.“Get in the house, boy, before your mother is carried away on the north wind.”Lucius turns and disappears into the chateau.Draco offers his arm and he and his mother begin walking up the steps. She must notice his inspection of the building, because she says, “It’s not home, but it is quite comfortable. The House Elves don’t know their place, of course, but what else would you expect in France? One thing I cannot fault, however, is their cooking. Simply exquisite. The dinner parties I could throw…” She smiles sadly.They step into the entrance hall and Draco allows his mother to lead him to the parlour, where tea has already been served.Draco looks around the room. “Father won’t be joining us?”His mother smooths her clothes and hair with a wave of her wand before sitting. “I imagine not.”She taps the tea service and the pot begins to pour itself into the two waiting cups. “Your father takes plenty of time for himself these days.” she says, with the merest hint of humour in her voice, “He’s become quite the dabbler.”The tiered stand of petits fours dances its way towards Draco. He notes that it contains all his favourites. He takes a macaron and dips it in his tea.“Really, darling,” his mother admonishes gently, but he has done it this way since he was a toddler, whenever the two of them took tea alone.He bites into the melted, sticky meringue. That is good. “A dabbler in what?” he prompts.His mother shakes her head as he dips the other half of the macaron. She takes a delicate sip of tea. “Painting, of all things.”Draco chews on this for a moment. “Is he any good?”His mother raises a cool eyebrow, but her eyes sparkle with amusement. That’s another inelegant habit that is only permitted when Draco and his mother are cloistered over tea: making fun of Lucius Malfoy.“He could be the next master of the art form,” she replies.Draco smirks. “Could be? Meaning you haven’t seen any of his work?”His mother shrugs. “You know your father.”Yes, he did. Secretive, conniving, and partial to presenting grand, reckless endeavours as a fait accompli to his wife and son.What else could they do now but laugh at him?“I couldn’t help noticing outside with the wind–” Draco murmurs while peering into his tea.“Don’t mumble, darling,” his mother interjects, sniffing in disapproval.She lets him stew for a moment, then says, “Your father doesn’t permit me to cast charms for him. He prefers to let the Elves do it, and only with great stubbornness even then.”“So, you choose to share his punishment?”“I choose to ease things for him, darling. I simply refrain from using magic in his presence. It is little sacrifice on my part,” she demurs.“But you live like a Mugg – ow!” A pinching hex strikes his ear before his can finish. He didn’t even see her wand move.His mother glares at him as his left ear is slowly tugged higher and higher. He is on the verge of being lifted out of his seat.“Mother!” he protests.She looks down her nose at him for a few seconds before lifting the hex wandlessly and non-verbally. “A Muggle indeed!”“I’m sorry, Mother,” Draco says, rubbing his ear. He means it. His mother has done so much for him and his father, he should know better than to make this any harder for her.His mother slants a look at him. “Tell me, to whom do I owe thanks for bringing you to France after these many months? A young witch, if I’m not mistaken?”Draco knew this was coming. “Her name is Chiara – just Chiara, mother. There’s no need to trace her bloodlines.”Draco dumped Chiara not two nights ago, in Avignon, after she tried to draw him into some possessive game involving another wizard in a bar. He followed her there, for lack of any other direction, when she left Milan for a change of scene. She was fun but demanding, and Draco always expected it wouldn’t last long. Blaise made no comment when Draco announced his plans to accept her invitation to France, after several months of non-stop parties at the Zabini villa. Draco recalls Chiara smirking at him in the bar, pushing him for a reaction as she flirted shamelessly with the stranger. She got a reaction, just not the one she expected: Draco simply laughed and walked out. He disapparated to their hotel and quickly cleared out his luggage. He only managed twenty-four hours before the guilt became overwhelming, compelling him to finally visit his parents – a duty he both dreaded and anticipated.His mother nods in understanding. “A brief fling, then. Don’t look at me like that, Draco. I simply wish to know your life.” She takes a sip of tea. “And if that means acknowledging that you’re gallivanting around the continent with a string of less-than-respectable witches, then so be it.” She meets his eyes over her teacup. “A mother’s burden is infinite.”“It’s infinitely something,” he says waspishly, choosing another petit four. His mother smiles and reaches out to pat his knee.“What a good son I have, who indulges his meddling mother.”“I don’t believe the world has yet to see you meddle, Mother.”His mother blinks slowly, still smiling.That night, he seeks his bed early, as much to escape his parents’ halting post-dinner conversation as to rest. He wonders briefly about Chiara, whether she’s furious and already badmouthing him to her continental circle of acquaintances, but he can’t muster up the effort to care. There will be other witches.At this thought, Draco’s mind detects the unguarded opening and, like an ill-disciplined crup, bounds recklessly towards it. He thinks of Granger.Alcohol, Occlumency and other more adventurous practices have ensured her absence from his conscious thoughts for the last few months. But Draco thinks he may have dreamt of her and their last conversation. He often wakes with glimpses of her behind his eyelids, in particular, of her relatively unmarred arms. The anti-climax of the moment stunned him that day, when he finally saw her skin exposed and did not find the one heinous carving that he expected, that he remembered. Had he imagined his darling Auntie Bella carving the word “Mudblood” into Granger’s skin? Not possible.But then how? How had she removed it? It was a cursed blade, its marks soul-deep. Why did Granger have all the scars that he expected, save the one he dreaded most?Shaken by what wasn’t there, Draco almost didn’t hear Granger’s final dash of vitriol, but it didn’t have the sting that she no doubt intended. He is well aware that his psyche is even more damaged than hers. It was his mother’s idea to have Bellatrix teach him Occlumency, and she taught him well. But he built his walls too high, too fast, and his once well-ordered mind is now a labyrinth that no one has a map to. His own appointment with the same renowned Mind Healer didn’t last long. She quickly ascertained that he was beyond help, due to what she termed the “hostile Occlusion” of his mind. Any treatment with a chance of helping him would require the work of a skilled Legilimens, someone whom Draco could trust to tear down his walls without killing him in the process. In short, he would need Severus Snape, a man who has been dead and buried for over a year.Now every time he catches sight of his own reflection, he imagines he can see the blankness growing in his eyes as his thoughts become more and more disconnected. Any time he permits an emotion to surface, he wonders if it is true, or an ersatz version cobbled together by his subconscious.“The mind sometimes heals on its own, with time,” the healer said as he left her office. But she and Draco both knew that he wouldn’t be one of those special cases. 
 “Draco, Draco,” sighs a voice. “Draco, wake up. Look at me.”
He turns towards the sound and opens his eyes to blueish light. Hermione Granger is standing before him, arms bared by her sides.

“Why are you staring at me?” she asks, curious.

 
Salamanca, Spain

A year later
He takes a sip of his drink without breaking eye contact. “You’re going to make me do it, aren’t you?”“Make you do what?” The girl cocks her head in confusion, biting her lip.She wants him. Draco could convince her to come back to his hotel tonight, it would be all too easy. But he’s in no hurry. Who knows how long he could end up staying in the city?“Ask you out again. Tomorrow night.”Her cheeks darken beautifully when she blushes. Oh yes, she wants him. She shoots him a sexy little smile. “That didn’t sound like a question,” she purrs.He smirks and leans over. His lips brush her ear and he feels her shiver. “Would you do me the honour of having dinner with me tomorrow night?”He pulls back, taking in her expression with satisfaction.“Sí,” she says. Her brown eyes are dark with promise.“So, where shall I pick you up?” he prompts after a few seconds.“Oh!” She truly does have a talent for blushing. She reaches into her bag and withdraws a scrap of parchment and a Muggle biro and jots out her address for him.A Muggleborn.“Draco?”“Mm?”“Is something wrong?” she asks, a frown creasing her forehead. She is holding the parchment out towards him.Before he can change his mind, he reaches out and drags her barstool closer, leaning in to kiss her. Desire flares through him.He draws back and takes the parchment.“Nothing wrong at all,” he tells her, and he means it. 
 “Draco, Draco,” sighs a voice. “Draco, wake up. Look at me.”
He turns towards the sound and opens his eyes to blueish light. Hermione Granger is standing before him, arms bared by her sides.

“Why are you staring at me?” she asks, curious.

He struggles to remember. “…Trying to find it.”

“Find what?”
“The scar.” 
 
San Francisco, USA

Four years later
“D'ya ever tell somebody ya loved ’em?”Draco shoots the other guy a look. “If I’d known you would get like this, I wouldn’t have allowed you to join me.”“Alright, alright, I get it. Stiff upper lip and all that.”Draco rolls his shoulders and tosses back another shot.“S’anyone ever said it to you?”“Hardly.” He snaps his fingers to get the barman’s attention. He’s been doing it deliberately since he arrived at this dive, over three hours ago.When the seething barman slams Draco’s change on the counter, he has a thought. “Actually, I tell a lie. Someone did once.”“Did wha?” says his companion, whose face is slowly sinking towards the bar.“Tell me they loved me.”“Bullshit.” He lifts his face away from the sticky counter. “What happened? You broke it off, didn’t you? Man, you really are an asshole.”“There was nothing to break off,” Draco shoots back, louder than he intended. The liquor is finally hitting him. “We weren’t even friends. As far as I was aware, she thought me the scum of the earth.”“So she just declares her love for you out of nowhere, huh?”“Yes,” he says.He lets out a low whistle. “Brave witch.”Malfoy shakes his head. “You’re not wrong. What’s that look for?”Bleary eyes are narrowed at him. “Because you’re about to tell me how you reacted. I’m bracing myself for the train wreck.” He downs a shot. “Go.”Draco shrugs. “I told her it was all in her head. She didn’t take it well, but I’m sure she’d thank me for it now.”A few seconds pass. “That’s it? No cursing, hexing, no public humiliation, no nothing?” The slurred words are tinged with disappointment.Bristling at the implication that he had let himself down, Draco replies, “I was merciful – no, chivalrous. I couldn’t have driven the point home any more, that would have been...excessive.” Something icy pools in his gut as he recalls her face that day.He hears a wet wheezing coming from his companion. Draco’s lip curls. “What’s so funny?”The American continues to giggle. “Nothin’, man. Just thinking about what you said. ‘S’all in her head.’ Ha.”“What’s your point?” Draco asks.The American is mumbling into his folded arms now: “I mean, where else’s it s’posed to be?”Draco doesn’t have an answer to that. 
 
“Draco, Draco,” sighs a voice. “Draco, wake up. Look at me.”

He turns towards the sound and opens his eyes to blueish light. Hermione Granger is standing before him, arms bared by her sides.

“Why are you staring at me?” she asks, curious.

He struggles to remember. “…Trying to find it.”

“Find what?”

“The scar.”

“Oh…” Granger peers at her own skin. “Um, well, let me help you, then. I know quite a lot about my scars, I got an O in it and everything. Now, which one are you interested in?”

“I…”

She huffs an impatient sigh. After a beat, she sweeps her mass of hair over one shoulder and tilts her head to the side. “This one?” She strokes her fingers slowly along her throat. “It is rather ghastly, I admit.”

Draco shakes his head.

“No? Well…” She glances around and then proffers her right arm, slowly twisting it for his inspection. “These?”

The sinuous lines glimmer, but there is no meaning behind their sick pattern.

“Not those.”

She drops her arm and looks down. “Ah. Could this be the one you mean?” She leans forward, tugging the neckline of her dress slightly to reveal the tip of a dark purple line.

“I didn’t even know about that one,” Draco says.

“Ha! Told you I was the expert,” she says smugly. Then she hastens to reassure him: “But, of course, it’s never too late to learn! What about this one?”

She places her foot on the edge of the green leather bench that Draco is sitting on, inching her dress up above her knee. “I got this when I fell off the swings when I was ten.” She rubs at the small indentation in her kneecap and raises her gaze to his. “Any joy?”

“Sorry, no.”

She tuts and lets her skirt fall. She turns and drops onto the bench beside him. “No, it’s me who should be sorry. I thought I could help you.” She swallows heavily and starts to sniffle.

Draco is alarmed at this sudden turn. “Granger, don’t…don’t cry, for Merlin’s sake.”

“I’m not crying,” she sobs. “What a ridiculous notion! Why would I be crying?”

She curls up, burying her head on her knees as the sobs continue.

Draco sits, frozen, listening to her.

She turns to look at him, a wounded expression on her face. “I don’t think there is a scar.” She sniffs. “I think you did this on purpose just to trick me and upset me. You knew I couldn’t give you the right answer!”

“But there is a scar!” he protests. “There has to be! I saw her do it!”

She swivels her whole body to face him and presents her arms, wrists together, and her neck, chin tilted up. Silvery marks dance up and down her skin.

“These are the scars she gave me,” she proclaims solemnly.

“Those aren’t all of them.”

She lowers her chin slowly. “They are.”

“I didn’t imagine it. I saw her carve that word into your arm!”

Granger shakes her head, bringing her arms down to her lap. “She didn’t do that.”

“She did!”

“I remember that night vividly and that did not happen.”

“I watched my aunt slice ‘Mudblood’ into your fucking arm!”

“While that does sound like Bellatrix…”

“It sounds like her because she DID IT.”

“… you’re wrong!”

“I’m not wrong!” He turns, dismissing her.

“Look at me! Listen to me! I’m telling you–”

Draco mutters, “You clearly misremember that night–”
His chin is yanked around to face her. Her eyes are blazing. “I know my scars from the inside out, Draco Malfoy. You were just a spectator. You’re wrong. Admit it!”
He jerks his chin from her grip. “I know what I saw! And I won’t have you tell me otherwise!”

She shrieks in rage and looms up before him. “Some people just can’t be taught!”

A door slams…
Draco wakes up, his eyes staring into the black canopy of his bed.









Chapter 6: The Debut
    


Notes:
There are a few nods to the source text in this chapter, as well as to Pride and Prejudice, and also a tiny homage to the Rights and Wrongs series by LovesBitca8, which I am mad for. Enjoy!

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text

12 Grimmauld Place, London


Three days later

Hermione jerks awake from her nightmare. Her heart is racing and her body is drenched in a cold sweat. She tries to blink away the image of Bellatrix’s dark and frenzied eyes. She won’t soon forget the new addition to her nightly horror: Draco, crouching over her and asking in that strange, soft voice of his, “Isn’t this more mutually palatable, Granger?” as his aunt crucios her over and over and over.

Isn’t this more mutually palatable, Granger?

Indescribable pain.
As she comes to full waking, the merry-go-round of questions starts up again. What on earth was she thinking? What did she expect would happen? How stupid, idiotic, naive can she be to have thought that any other outcome was possible? But, really, what was she THINKING?
She drags the sheets around her and over her head, curling into a ball, trying to scrunch herself up small enough that there’s no room left for thought.
But the thing is, for the first time in her life, she wasn’t thinking. She followed her gut…and Malfoy sliced it open, just like she knew he would. But that sweet ache in her chest, the one she’s been carrying for months, it’s still there, only now it feels malignant, like a curse, not a promise. And the only person who can possibly help her is the one who caused it.
She’s still madly in love with him. Every muscle in her body is primed to spring from her bed and run to him, to make him see.
But he can’t see. He can’t see himself as he truly is, let alone her. She knows this, she knows him, she knows that something in him calls to something in her, and that if he would only…
She takes a shuddering breath, her cotton shroud brushing against her lips. If Draco Malfoy would only…not act like Draco Malfoy, just for a second. Then she might have a chance. But it’s not to be.
That’s what she tells herself: it’s not to be.
She can no longer ignore the whispering outside her bedroom door. She takes a deep breath and rises from the bed in the semi-darkness. Her eyes are swollen and itchy from crying, but she walks resolutely to the door and pulls it open, startling Harry and Ginny on the landing.
“Hermione!” they say together, turning in surprise.
“We were starting to get a little worried,” Harry begins, rubbing the back of his head.
“Kreacher says he hasn’t brought you anything but toast since Thursday!” cries Ginny.
“Please come downstairs and have some tea or something,” Harry pleads.
Hermione’s eyes travel between the two of them, and a low, sharp note throbs deep within her chest. “Okay.” She shuffles slowly onto the landing and down the stairs, and her friends follow in a forlorn procession.
She arrives in the basement kitchen and blinks in the gloom. She remembers that she’s supposed to be getting something to eat, so she turns to go into the pantry.
“Oh no, you don’t,” Ginny warns, putting an arm around her and steering her to the table. “Let Harry handle that.”
“Yeah, leave it to me, Hermione,” he says, shooting Ginny a look before ducking into the pantry.
Ginny taps a kettle with her wand, bringing it instantly to the boil, and pours the water into a waiting teapot. After a minute of fussing with teaspoons and the milk jug, Hermione finds herself clutching a mug of steaming tea, feeling the burn on her palms.
“Now, are you going to tell me what’s really wrong?” Ginny asks gently. “Harry thinks it’s something to do with Ron. But I don’t see how it can be.”
Hermione looks up at Ginny and then back down into her tea.
“I told Harry to spend at least five minutes in there,” Ginny adds, nodding towards the pantry door. “Come on, just get it out. Is it your parents? Have – have you found them?”
Hermione shakes her head, her eyes welling up at the thought of her mum and dad. God, how she wishes they were here. But maybe even if they were, they wouldn’t want to see her, not after what she did to them. Maybe they wouldn’t want her, just like he didn’t…didn’t…
She can’t quite stop the whimper that escapes her lips.
“Hermione,” Ginny presses, reaching out to grab her arm on the scarred table. “You’re scaring me.”
Ginny’s delicate fingers squeeze Hermione’s arm, and Hermione draws strength from it.
“All – all right,” she says, her throat dry and scratchy. “All right.” She feels like she’s going to be sick.
Why is this so hard? It’s as if she’s used up all her words, all her courage, wasted it on him.
She grips Ginny’s fingers and whispers at them. “You were right. There was someone. At Hogwarts.”
She meets Ginny’s widened eyes and sees the question in them.
Hermione shakes her head. “It doesn’t matter who. Not anymore.”
Ginny squeezes her arm. “What happened?”
“For once, I didn’t think,” Hermione whispers. “I didn’t plan. I didn’t…consider the consequences. I just knew I had to…”
“Had to what?” Ginny whispers back.
 “I told him I was in love with him. And he…And he…”
She can’t say the words, can’t tell Ginny just how cruelly she was rejected. She clenches her eyes shut and presses the fingers of her free hand to her forehead, as though trying to force the awful memory from her mind.
The younger girl is immediately at her side, enveloping her in a hug.
“It hurts. It hurts so much, Ginny.”

It’s not to be.

“Ssh, I know, I know,” murmurs Ginny.
Hermione’s breaths are coming in gasps now. “I’m afraid…I’m afraid I’m going to feel like this forever!”

It’s not to be.

“I know, I know,” Ginny repeats, rocking her back and forth.

It’s not to be.

Maybe one day she’ll be at peace with it.
 

Melbourne, Australia


Five months later

She pauses in the doorway to the living room, giving her mother a moment to recognise her.
Her mum is sitting on the sofa reading a novel, glasses perched on the end of her nose. This is one of several minor but still unsettling changes Hermione has missed out on over the last year: her mum now wears reading glasses.
“Hermione,” her mum says, almost right away, but not quite. “Come sit down. Cuppa?” She moves to set her book down and rise from her seat.
“Morning, Mum,” Hermione responds, relishing the word. “No, no, I’ll make it myself, you look lovely and settled there – what’s that you’re reading? Top up?” She reaches out to take her mum’s empty mug from the coffee table.
“Aw, thank you, darling.” Her mum smiles at her and sinks back into the cushions. “This is the book I was telling you about, you know, the one with the odd chronology where it sort of jumps about in time?” Her mother frowns. “I did – tell you about it? Didn’t I? Or is that another false mem–”
“Mum!” Hermione laughs, forcing the cheer into her voice. “I remember. The one set in London during the Blitz?” She picks up the mug. “You’ve been doing ever so well the last few weeks. The healer said there’s no need to second-guess yourself over every little thing.” She moves towards the hall. “When I get back, I expect a full report on the book thus far!”
Hermione briskly walks along the hall into the kitchen, the smile falling off her face.
It feels wrong to be the voice of cheery reassurance when she is the one responsible for the damage to her mother’s memory. Hermione still can’t fully believe that she’s here in Australia with her parents, who not only have their memories restored, but who have also forgiven her for what she did to them. Forgiven, but not forgotten.
She sets the mug down on the kitchen counter and fills the kettle by hand, setting it to boil. She has always preferred doing things the muggle way when she’s at home, but now she’s even less inclined to whip out her wand around her parents. The stick of vine wood is currently secured to her right shin, hidden under her jeans. When she told Harry that she would be staying in Australia for the foreseeable future, he insisted on teaching her a few Auror tricks before he and Ron caught their Portkey back to England.
Under the guise of stretching her muscles, Hermione practises crouching and reaching for her wand.
As the kettle rumbles towards its crescendo, Hermione straightens up and goes out through the patio doors into the garden, where her dad is busy wrestling with a plant that wouldn’t look out of place in greenhouse number three at Hogwarts.
“How’s the jungle coming along, Dad?” she calls. This is what he prefers to call the garden here in Melbourne, as according to him, “garden” is simply too insipid a word to describe the Antipodean form.
“Excellent! Couldn’t be more pleased with it!” he turns around grinning, dark, rich soil coating his hands and forearms. “Although I might start wearing ear muffs around this one, its leaves are pointy buggers and seem to find their way into my ear canal anytime I get close to it.”
Hermione grimaces in sympathy. She does not offer to place a cushioning charm on her father’s ears, nor to transfigure a pair of ear muffs for him. Even though she knows the perfect little charm, the one she found in that book in fifth year. “The kettle’s just boiling. Coffee?” she asks.
“Yes, please.” He pauses.
“And a biscuit?” she cocks at eyebrow at him.
He nods conspiratorially, mouthing, “You’re a star.”
Hermione laughs and goes back into the kitchen to fulfil the order.
Her dad has bounced back faster than her mum. He seems to have no trouble recognising her or remembering inside jokes he and Hermione used to have. Everything seems perfectly normal between them, except for the uncomfortable truth that she’s not his little girl anymore. She’s a little old to be disappointing her father for the first time, Hermione realises, but she’s always been a bit of a late bloomer.
She delivers the coffee to her dad before carrying the teas to the living room.
“All right,” she says, sitting down next to her mum. “Tell me all about this captivating novel.”
Her mum talks and Hermione listens, nodding, asking the questions, and everything feels so wonderfully normal, and fragile as a spider’s web.
“Bleurgh!” Her mum screws up her face in disgust. “Darling, did you put sugar in my tea? It tastes like you poured the whole sugar bowl in.”
Hermione’s stomach flips. “Oh, gosh. Sorry, Mum. Must have been on autopilot. You take mine, it’s just got milk in.” Hermione switches the mugs with trembling hands.
“Autopilot? Who do you know that drinks that much sugar in their tea?”
“Erm, just someone from school.”
I watched him from across the Great Hall every morning as he added at least three teaspoons of sugar to his tea. Sometimes four.
“I’d hate to think of the state of their teeth!”
Hermione shakes her head. “They’re quite perfect, actually.” She sighs. Her chest aches.

It’s not to be.

Before she can say any more, she takes a gulp from her mug, and the sickly-sweet mixture burns her tongue.
 

Ministry of Magic, London, England


One year later

“And are you going to grace us with your presence at the Minister’s drinks reception, Hermione?”
Hermione wants to shudder, but she settles for rolling her eyes. She stares at the parchment in front of her, continuing to make notes for an upcoming legal review, and hoping that this time the shadow over her shoulder will vanish.
Theodore Nott was always a strange boy, but ever since she joined the Ministry and started working with him and the other trainees in the DMLE, he has been waging a rather unsubtle campaign to win her round to his side, or to at least appear to do so. He never misses an opportunity to talk to her and use her first name, creating the impression that they are close colleagues rather than erstwhile predator and prey. Part of Hermione’s life’s work will be to dismantle that particular food chain.
He makes her feel unclean every time he smiles at her, because she knows she’s still a Mudblood in his eyes. The only difference is that now she is a Mudblood who can help him professionally. She despises the Ministry’s careerism, and this is one of its vilest examples.
She breathes out through her nose. “I should think so, Theodore, seeing as our supervisor told us we all had to attend.”
“Good, then. See you there,” he says a little more loudly, hoping that others will overhear and assume they are bosom buddies. Hermione grits her teeth. Nott smirks and turns on his heel, skittering back to his desk.
Hermione casts a glance around the office, feeling on display, pinned in a glass box. Grey eyes flash in her mind’s eye. She chases away the image and gets back to work.

 


The Burrow, Ottery St. Catchpole, Devon, England


One year and six months later

“It wouldn’t be so awkward if she was seeing other blokes. But she’s not been out with anyone since me!”
“Ron,” Harry warns.
“It’s the truth, mate. I know Ginny keeps saying it’s got nothing to do with me, but what am I supposed to think? And, you know, I really, uh, really like Tracey and I want to be able to bring her round to hang out with us, but with Hermione like that, I mean, I don’t want Tracey to be uncomfortable, that’s not fair to her.”
“I didn’t realise my presence was making anyone uncomfortable,” Hermione says in an even tone, emerging from the shadows in the back garden. Her arms are folded, and goose bumps spring up on her skin in the cool air of the summer night.
“Hermione,” Ron chokes, “I didn’t – you weren’t…”
Hermione lets him squirm, even though she’s trembling with fury and shame. She has tried very, very hard to ensure she never feels like this again: messy, unstable, the fly in someone else’s ointment. She never expected to be ambushed after a cosy Sunday dinner at the Burrow.
“Ron doesn’t know what he’s talking about, Hermione,” Harry says, moving past Ron to stand next to her.
Of course he doesn’t. Ron can’t possibly know. Hermione’s never breathed a word about what happened with…him…beyond what she shared with Ginny that day in Grimmauld Place. It’s as if it never happened. It has been at least a week since she last thought of him, she was making progress.
And now Ron’s gone and ruined it.
Hermione raises her chin. “I’m pleased that you’re happy with Tracey, but I don’t see why it’s my fault you haven’t brought her round to dinner.”
“Don’t act stupid, it doesn’t suit you,” Ron lashes out. Hermione stalks towards him.
“What did you call me, Weasley?” she hisses, levelling her wand at him. He swallows but doesn’t reach for his own wand.
“I didn’t call you stupid, I told you not to act like it,” he grits out. Brave boy.
“I still don’t see what I have to do with–”
“You don’t? You don’t see how you’ve been moping around like someone kicked your kneazle? I thought it was about your parents, but it’s been two years now, Hermione, they’re fine!” Hermione scoffs at that. “And then I realised that you always seemed to be in a bad mood any time we talked about Tracey. When I worked up the courage to tell her I loved her, you could barely look at me!”
She feels Harry’s hand on her shoulder, but she ignores it. “Not everything is about you, Ronald! Despite what you may believe, I do not belong to you! I’m sorry if my emotions are an inconvenience,” she says sarcastically, “but they are none of your business! If I have a problem, it is MY problem! Not yours!”
“So, you do have a problem with Tracey, then?”
“Argh! Some people just can’t be taught!” She throws her hands in the air and storms off. Once she’s past the apparition barrier, she turns and shouts, “I promise not to return until I’m safely paired off and no longer raining on your parade, Ronald! I’m sure Cormac McLaggen will be free for dinner next Sunday!”
She hears Harry’s bark of laughter just as she disapparates.
 

Ministry of Magic, London, England


Two years later

There’s a knock on her office door and her supervisor pops his head through. “Granger. The Dark Artefacts team needs an extra hand with a routine sweep today. You free?”
Hermione immediately starts tidying her desk and making a mental checklist of what she’ll need to bring. “Yes, sir. I had the Bulstrode hearing scheduled for this afternoon, but it’s been adjourned to next month, too many Wizengamot members are off sick.”
“Yeah, there’s a right old nasty bug going around. Meet the team by the floos in 15 minutes.”
Hermione shows some restraint and doesn’t pack every book on Dark artefacts into her beaded purse, just a few of the more obscure tomes that she hasn’t learned by heart. Residence sweeps may be slightly below her level now, but she’s never been afraid of pitching in when necessary. As she locks her office door behind her and strides out of the DMLE, she can’t help but notice Theodore Nott and the other climbers with their heads bent over a parchment, conniving as usual. Probably trying to work out which ancient Wizengamot member will be the next to die and free up a space on the illustrious benches.
Any fool could tell you that Buckthorn will be the next to go. It’s plain as day that the old warlock’s heart isn’t in it anymore. But Hermione isn’t one to speculate.
Nose in the air, Hermione makes her way to the department floos.
She sees some familiar faces among the assembled team, and exchanges pleasantries with a few. A parchment with the task information is passed to her. She reads the first few lines and blinks.
“We’re going to Malfoy Manor?” Her voice is pitched too high.
“Yep,” says the wizard next to her. “Twice-yearly sweeps for that one. Till the end of fookin’ time most likely, knowing that family.”
Her eyes race across the words on the parchment, trying not to panic.

Owners not in residence. House elves on site have been instructed to cooperate with Ministry officials.

Hermione heaves a sigh of relief. She knew he was supposed to be abroad, but the thought of him arriving back in the country to find her, in his house, poking among his things, it’s enough to make her nauseous.
“Er, Granger, you alright? You haven’t got that bug too, have you?” her colleague asks, taking a step back.
It’s the perfect opening for her to withdraw, claiming illness, but even years later, the pull is simply too powerful. So she says, “Oh no, I’m fine. Fit as a fiddle!”
Her heart is in her throat when she steps into the floo and is whisked away to Malfoy Manor.
The team arrive in a dark vestibule, where they quickly divvy up the task of searching the manor for Dark artefacts. Hermione requests to take one of the upper floors, far away from the dungeons and the drawing room she so clearly remembers from her previous visit.
Her heel clicks echo in the marble-floored hall as she crosses to the stairs. She reaches out to the polished balustrade, but stops, her palm hovering just above the surface as she ascends.
She makes her way to the largest room marked on the plan for this floor. Outside the doors, a house elf appears with a pop. “Miss is wanting the library unlocked?”
“Yes, please.” She nods at the elf with a smile. The elf’s ears flap in acquiescence and the double doors swing open, light spilling into the dark corridor.
Hermione thanks the elf, then adds, “Sorry, did you say library?”
She takes a tentative step into the room and raises a hand to her mouth, her pulse quickening.
Shelves upon shelves of books, with a wrought-iron spiral staircase leading up to a gallery of yet more books.
“This…This is stunning,” she says, turning to the elf, but it has already vanished.
Her eyes rove as she casts the standard detection spells. Nothing. She casts a few more obscure revealing charms, but the room seems to be as benign as it appears.
Her attention falls on a book set out on one of the small tables. A bookmark rests between its pages, as though the owner intends to pick it up again one day. She looks at the chair next to the table, positioned just so, and she knows that this is where Draco sat.
Hermione reaches out a hand and touches the leather-bound book. A thrill travels through her, just like she knew it would, all these years later. Casting a wary glance at the open doors, she picks it up and lets it fall open at the bookmark. Her heart skips as she takes in the densely annotated pages. Poor book, she thinks, even as her eyes devour the markings.
She finds herself sinking into the wingback chair and leafing through the pages. She quickly learns the meanings behind his symbols and abbreviations: a question mark means he found a passage particularly inane, an exclamation mark that he found it hilarious, and three lines heavily drawn under a turn of phrase signify his approval and agreement. As she reads, she smiles.
Her hands itch to take up a quill and respond to him. To converse with him, to argue with him and discuss the finer points of Wizarding literature.
One thought permeates all others: she did know him. This book proves it. She knew him better than she could have imagined. He is here, in these pages, the Draco Malfoy that she fell in love with.
The pain doesn’t feel quite as raw as it used to. She takes comfort in that. She places the book back on the table and pushes herself up from the chair.
Casting another glance around the library, Hermione thinks it a sin that so many books are going unread and unappreciated.
Unloved.
 

Ministry of Magic, London, England


Two months later

“Well, well. Looks like Hermione Granger has finally deigned to join the game.”
“What are you on about, Nott?” she mutters.
“Old Buckthorn, you knew, didn’t you?”
Hermione raises her eyebrows, sipping her wine, aiming for nonchalance.
Nott does this funny little motion with his hands, and she realises that he’s happy.
“Don’t you know what this means, Granger?” he says, for once not affecting that sickening tone he reserves just for her. “With you in the game, we can finally start to make some big moves! Oh, it’s going to be fucking glorious.”
“Nott, wait. Wait. Wait!” she grabs his arm to get him to stop talking. “I didn’t do any of this for you. If anything, I did it in spite of you. It’s a coincidence that we both wanted Buckthorn replaced with a political moderate.”
“That’s not coincidence, you daft bint, that’s called politics! Teaming up with people you can barely stand to get – shit – done! I know you’re used to only working with your pals, but sometimes your friends aren’t enough, you need your enemies.”
 

The Nott Family Estate, Derbyshire


One year later

“You must meet my cousin, Oliver,” Nott says, leading her not back to her friends, but to another part of the ballroom entirely.
Hermione barely restrains an eye roll. “I’d be happy to, Nott.”
“He’s dying to meet you. You’ve got a lot in common, you know.” He smirks.
She eyes the occupants of the far table warily. She is not in the mood to meet any more stuck-up Purebloods this evening, thank you very much. The cushioning charm on her shoes is wearing off and her fingers are aching after too many handshakes. Her eyes fall upon a rather surly wizard who resembles a fat general. This must be Nott’s cousin. Hermione is steeling herself for the introduction when she feels a tap on her shoulder.
She turns around to see Nott standing next to someone different altogether.
Less “fat,” more “fit,” she thinks, surprising herself.
“Hermione Granger, this is my cousin, Oliver Nott,” Nott says. “Oliver, this is the Hermione Granger. Harry Potter’s Muggleborn friend.”
Hermione rears back like she’s been slapped. How bloody dare he? Her brain has gone from frazzled to furious in two seconds flat. By Merlin, this will be the last time she lets Theodore Nott parade her around like a prize pig at the fair. The racist, conniving, unctuous little creep…she realises she’s been saying all this out loud, out quite loud in fact, but she can’t seem to stop.
“Theo! Have some bloody tact, would you? Or at least the appearance of manners!” interjects Nott’s cousin, shaking his head. “The witch is a person in her own right, you know!” He slants an apologetic look at her. “And you should, given the way you seem to hang off her coattails these days! I knew I shouldn’t have let you talk me into coming to this stupid party, I’m sick of being paraded around to get you extra kudos with your sleazy superiors–”
“–and I can’t believe after all the work we’ve done this past year, you still seek to exploit my public standing, my blood status, for grubby, self-serving ends!”
Nott raises his hands defensively and starts backing away from the pair of them. She moves to stalk after him when she hears a cough behind her.
Oliver Nott extends his hand. “Sorry to interrupt your haranguing of my cousin, but since we seem to be allies on that front, I’d like to try another stab at that introduction. Ollie Nott, nice to meet you.” He extends his hand and smiles.
She wants to go after Theodore and hex him into oblivion. She wants to turn around and go back to her friends. She wants to leave this whole circus and go back to her flat, to her cat and her books. But something tells her that Oliver Nott really isn’t like his cousin.
“Allies?” she asks. Her blood is still up, and the words are tossed out like a challenge.
But Ollie Nott just shrugs and smiles.
Something loosens in her and she feels some of her fury seep away.
An answering smile dawns on her face, and she places her hand in his.
“Lovely to meet you, Ollie. I’m Hermione.”




Notes:

I'm always so sad at this point in the novel when we lose Tatiana. The next time we meet her, we see her as Evgeny does, and we've been frozen out along with him. But rest assured, folks, Hermione will be more than okay. This is fan fiction, after all.