Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Hermione Granger slammed the door behind her, tossing her wand on the table and her yoga bag on the floor. She was exhausted. Ginny was determined to get back in shape after her first baby in order to be fit for the next season on the Harpies, and Hermione was dragged into that endeavor. Against her will. Kicking and screaming.It’s not like she didn’t want to be fit. She just… didn’t want to WORK to be fit. She had been perfectly content being “skinny fat” as Ginny called her mockingly. Hermione scoffed. Skinny fat indeed. At least she had been allowed pizza and pudding before. Now she was on a stupid diet regimen and her 23rd straight day of yoga.She glanced down as a sudden streak of orange crossed the floor. Crookshanks wound himself about her ankles and yowled loudly.“Well. Someone’s happy to see me then, huh?”She bent over to pick up the orange fluff ball and cradled him against her chest. Who needed a baby when you had a very needy cat waiting at home? Not her. No matter how many times her mother hinted and her friends wondered if she could be truly happy with an 'empty womb'. The purrs stopped and the claws suddenly came out, attacking her hand that was rubbing his belly. Well then. Guess snuggle time was over. She placed the cat down and went to step away as he wound himself about her feet again - yowling louder. For Merlin’s sake. Ridiculous creature couldn’t make up his mind, and his movements were going to trip her.Just at the thought, she stumbled and placed her hand against the wall to catch herself. Hermione sighed loudly and flung her head up to get her damp wisps of hair off her face.“Naughty kitty. You’re going to be the death of me one day.”Hermione scowled down at the orange cat, but he was sitting calmly now licking his paw and ignoring her. Of course he was. She kept her pose against the wall for a moment, working up the energy to move to the bath. Hermione glanced around before she moved and sighed at the sight of her bag and mat on the floor. Crookshanks would use that as a scratching post later if she didn’t move it into the closet now. She forced herself to move and bent down to pick up her things to put them in the nearby hall closet. She stilled her movements - still bent over - at a sound behind her.A very loud swallowing noise.She peeked through her legs and grinned. Her boyfriend, Draco Malfoy, must have heard her come home and was leaning in the doorway of his study, looking at her fiercely. As if he would eat her. She hoped that look in his eyes was a promise.“We’ve house elves for that.”He jerked his sharp chin at her bag but continued to stare at her. Hermione stayed bent and wiggled her arse a little to draw his attention there.“Draco. You know how I feel about picking up after myself — Cleanliness is —““Next to godliness. Yes, I’m aware of your motto. Although you’ve always been a goddess to me, so I don’t know if it’s a pointless exercise or it actually worked.”Draco quirked his lips up a bit and moved forward with a sudden purpose. Hermione wiggled her arse again and lowered her eyelids, half in an attempt to look seductive, but also because the blood was now rushing to her head and she was getting a bit dizzy.“Not always. I’d say only in the past few years. Before that quidditch match you positively loathed me.”He was behind her now. He placed one hand on her arse and squeezed. Hard. Draco groaned deep in his throat.“Salazar’s balls. I didn’t understand the purpose of yoga until I saw these pants. Now it’s my favorite outfit of yours. Your arse looks good enough to eat.”He rubbed his hand firmly and swatted her quickly before rubbing her again. Hermione closed her eyes briefly at the light swat and felt herself get wet. He’d notice in a minute if he continued his ministrations. Which - thank Merlin - he did. A firm hand rubbed and smacked its way over her backside until she was aching with need. She knew the moment he spotted her arousal. His hand touched her ‘twixt her thighs lightly, almost reverently.“I love these pants, but they are so restrictive.”Draco suddenly dug his fingers into the seam and ripped a tear exposing her to his view.“Mmm. You’re wet. So wet. And you’re not wearing any knickers. Interesting.”She gasped. Partly because he’d just ruined a pair of 90 pound pants but also because the aggressive act was making her clit pulse with expectation and need. She secretly loved when he was aggressive. One of his hands found it’s way between her legs, trailing lightly along her crease, playing with her lips before circling slowly around her clit. Her knees quaked at the sensation.“I need you inside me. Take me upstairs.”Hermione knew she couldn't wait much longer and felt very exposed in the cavernous entrance hall of their large home.“I don’t think I will. I can’t wait.”She heard his belt buckle clink, a zipper snick, and a rustling of fabric before she was suddenly impaled upon him. Her eyes closed in ecstasy and she settled her hands flat on the floor, pushing her arse into him as he pounded her quickly. Draco didn’t quit his movements on her clit; she knew how important it was for her to get off first. His firm grip on her hip was telling though — he was very close.“Hermione.” He practically growled her name. “I need you to come now. Now. Come.”Maybe it was his commanding tone or she had simply reached her limit, but Hermione climaxed spectacularly, her vision briefly dulled and spots of light blinking in and out as she hung limply, murmuring his name.“Draco. Draco. Gods yes.”If he hadn’t moved his other hand to catch her around her hips, Hermione knew she would have fallen forward in exhaustion. It didn’t take him but two more strokes after she had exploded around him. Her orgasm always set off his own. He slammed into her pulling her back as he moved forward, finishing himself off. He pulled out and dragged her up and around, burying a hand in her damp pony tail and kissing her fiercely. Merlin. She loved his kisses. He tugged at her lips and danced with her tongue. He licked and bit and sucked and kept her lightheaded and struggling to keep up. Slowly his pace became less needy and more leisurely.“Hermione,” he murmured against her lips and dragged his mouth down to kiss her jawline and neck. “Hermione. I love you.”“I love you, too, Draco Malfoy. Now could you please take me up to the shower? We can have a second round and clean off simultaneously. Win-win.”She felt his lips quirk against her neck and just barely suppressed a squeal of surprise when he hooked a strong arm beneath her knees and lifted her up to his chest. He took the stairs two at a time causing Hermione to grasp him around the neck with worry. Sometimes he could get a little carried away.“If you keep doing that, I’m going to set you down on the stairs and you can finish what you’re starting again.”She loosened her grip on his hair and smirked into his shoulder. The hair at the back of his neck was one of his erogenous zones. If she ever felt like he was taking too long she could wind her fingers through the fine blonde hair there and pull. He’d orgasm instantly. Not that she used that bit of knowledge often. Her smirk grew into a grin and she bit down on his shoulder lightly.“Hurry up then, but don’t kill us tripping up the stairs.”His pace increased and just as he flung them both onto the second landing he slipped her out of his arms and pushed her against the wall to kiss her thoroughly once more.“Hermione. I need you again. How is it that after so many years I still need you so desperately?”He plunged his tongue into her mouth and pulled it out. In and out. Mimicking the act he so desperately desired at that moment.“Shower. Now.”Hermione dragged herself away from him and tugged him down the hall and around the corner pushing open the door to their master suite. As she bent down to unlace her trainers she heard him groan again. Louder this time.“Merlin. Those pants and your lack of knickers. I’m rock hard again.”She divested herself of the ruined leggings and attempted to pull her t-shirt and sports bra off together. That proved to be her weakness and she got caught up in the mess of spandex and lycra with her arms and hair and chin. How embarrassing. She was trying to be sexy for Merlin’s sake! She felt rough fingertips smooth over her ribs and flutter across her nipples.“Silly girl. Stop struggling, I’ve got you.”His hands untangled her from the workout clothes and tossed them somewhere behind her before catching her up in his arms again. She placed a hand on his bare chest and touched him slowly. Apparently while she’d been struggling with her clothes like a fool, he’d stripped himself in anticipation.“I feel so dirty. Will you clean me up?” Hermione whispered to him lowly and brushed her hand along his jaw and drew his face down to hers for a kiss.“Only if I can make you dirtier first.”She bit his lower lip slightly and pretended to frown, “scoundrel.”It was only when he slowly began to lower her into the pool-sized tub that she noticed they’d finally reached their destination. Hermione settled against one of the jets and let it pound into the sore muscles of her back while she watched Draco fiddle with the bubble taps, filling the room with the sweet scent of cinnamon — her favorite. Her eyes were half-lidded by the time he drew her to him and settled her on his lap.“Fuck. Hermione. You know I fucking love you.”“Yes of course. I love you, too, Draco.”“Say it again.”He had eased into her and she was grinding slowly on his cock, rubbing her clit against the small thatch of blond curls he kept nicely trimmed just for her viewing pleasure. She began to say it like a mantra.“I love you. I love you. Draco Malfoy. I love you.”Her breath hitched and her voice caught in her throat when he bent his head to give attention to her nipples. She knew why he asked her to say it. Even if he played at being a cocky son-of-a-bitch, he was insecure as hell when it came to his own self-worth. At first it killed her that he doubted the integrity of her love for him. But now, now she realized it wasn’t her, it was something inside of him that was broken. Her reassurances and continued promises of love were what he needed, so she gave them to him.“I love you. I love you.”She pushed every though from her mind and concentrated on the sensations between her legs and his mouth on her breasts. He bit down suddenly and stars burst behind her eyes once again. She gasped loudly and slumped into him, burying her face in his neck with her mouth by his ear.“I love you, Draco Malfoy. Now and forever.”He pushed his hips up and into her for a minute more and groaned softly, whispering his own words of love in his own way, “Fuck. I fucking love you. Don’t ever fucking leave me.”“Never.”He turned her around and reached for the shampoo before lathering up her curls. As much as he made fun of it, he secretly loved her hair. Especially with his hands all wrapped up in it. He took his time washing her hair and running a sudsy cloth carefully over her body, teasing her with it. In all honestly, Draco would have had no problem with a third round, but he could feel her energy flagging and knew she was liable to fall asleep at any moment. Yoga did that to her. Yoga and that stupid diet she had promised Ginny she’d do in solidarity. Women. He rolled his eyes at his train of thought and tossed the cloth to the side of the tub.Hermione didn’t move. He glanced down at her face and smiled softly. She was asleep. Her dark lashes were fluttering lightly against her cheeks. Her lips were pink and swollen from his kisses, parted lightly in a provocative “o” shape. her arms were floating to the sides, breasts rising and falling slowly, her nipples moving over and under the surface of the water with each breath.  Hermione was a vision. Draco wasn’t sure how he’d managed to convince her to love him. But he hoped he wouldn’t fuck it all up.“Hermione. Love. Time for bed.”She didn’t so much as twitch at his voice. Merlin’s pants but how difficult could an hour of yoga be to exhaust her so? Or maybe she was exhausted from their little bout of exercise. He smirked and moved her slowly about in a more comfortable position to be lifted out of the tub. Draco stood slowly and carried a sopping wet and sleeping Hermione across the bathroom and into their bedroom. He lifted a hand and concentrated hard to wandlessly summon a thick towel to lay down on the bed. If he hadn’t left his wand in his study he could simply spell them both dry. Ah well. She turned onto her side and curled up against the chill air the moment she was laid down. Merlin but her arse was definitely bigger from this angle. Maybe that was another thing to thank yoga for. He grabbed a towel for himself and dried off before carefully getting into bed beside her. It was still early in the evening, but a short nap wouldn’t hurt. Draco pulled her into his arms and settled her against him.“I fucking love you, Hermione Granger.” He kissed her forehead and smoothed the wet curls away from her neck before succumbing to sleep himself.









Chapter 2: Draco Malfoy is Convinced to Try Yoga
    


Summary:

A year after he catches his girlfriend in her muggle yoga pants, Draco attends his first hot yoga class with his now wife. Much less explicit than chapter one, just a short continuation on the request of a reviewer. Thanks, Gabrielle for the suggestion!





Chapter Text
Draco Malfoy stood, limbs akimbo, gazing at the startling sight before him. Hermione and Ginny were emerging from what the door indicated as the “Ladies Locker Room” in such scandalous attire that for once in his damned life he lost all sense of pureblood propriety. Thus the staring at his wife and her friend in such a lewd manner. 
It was hardly his fault, however, as they had neither forewarned him nor given him the opportunity to adjust to the idea of yoga before apparating his- lucky? Unlucky?- arse to the stifling studio. The only light in the room shone from the string of multi-colored bulbs strung haphazardly around a tree that could be described in the most generous of terms as “scrawny.” One single ornament hung on a bare branch, tilting the whole plant dangerously towards the lit incense propped up next to it on the table.
To add to the entire foreignness of his situation, Hermione had forced him to wear gray joggers that felt much to tight in the thighs and disallowed him the comfort and safety of shoes and socks. Yes, Draco Malfoy was standing barefoot on a public floor. If only his mother could see him now. On second thought, perhaps it was better that she never become aware of this particular occurrence. 
“Don’t you wish that look was something we could see regularly in the wizarding world?” Harry Potter stood next to him with his arms crossed and a shit-eating grin on his face. His eyes tracked Ginny’s movements as she and Hermione weaved their way through the few people filling up the tight hall. 
Draco was both appalled at Potter’s crassness and intrigued by the idea of seeing his wife in cut-offs and mid-drift baring shirts outside of her exercise classes. He was quite fond of her yoga pants, and this look was something he hadn’t been prepared for. 
The women swiftly stopped their quiet conversation as they came within ear shot and reached their husbands. Draco was instantly suspicious. 
“Are we ready, then? The doors are just about to open and we want to nab a good spot in the corners with the window – there’s a slight draft that comes in and can be refreshing when you need it most.” Ginny winked at Hermione furthering Draco’s suspicion that he would not enjoy whatever activity required him to be thankful for a draft. He must have made a face because she patted his arm as she passed by him to head into the studio. 
While Draco stood disparaging of his situation and rocked by his wife’s attire, he was entirely ignorant of how desirable he looked in that particular moment. In fact, Hermione was quite sure that she would be too over-heated in her sports bra and shorts to survive the 75-minute hot yoga session that Ginny had so generously signed them up for. 
She kept her thoughts to herself and raised an eyebrow in suggestion as they were suddenly left quite alone. “You’ll be a bit toasty in that, no?” Hermione plucked the long-sleeve white henley Draco had on and indicated for him to remove it. “But… I’m not wearing anything underneath. That’s entirely not proper, Hermione. Be reasonable. As much as I love getting naked with you in the privacy of our own home, there are others around. OLD others in fact. I’m quite sure the instructor is at least 65, if not older. Think of her poor heart.” He smiled innocently. That seemed a reasonable excuse to stay clothed. 
“If you insist, love. But, the temperature will be hovering around 40 degrees and with you in there… it could get much more steamy.” Hermione winked and waltzed through the swinging door. Delightful. What an absolutely brutal introduction to yoga. Although, watching her walk ahead of him was not so bad, her shorts didn’t completely cover her ass and his favorite part of her body was on full display. He hurried behind her to be sure no one else was looking. Honestly. The impropriety. 
Harry and Ginny had already set out four mats and placed blocks and straps next to the front of each. Hermione tossed Draco two towels and spread one out on her mat and placed the smaller one by her block. She laughed as the sweat began to form on his upper lip from merely being in the heated room and laying out a towel. 
“Darling. Are you quite sure about the shirt? Harry has certainly gotten in the spirit of things.” Hermione nodded at her friend who was standing in athletic shorts and attempting to keep his hair off his face with the help of a sweatband around his head. 
“Harry is old hat at yoga, Draco. I’d follow his lead if you have any questions or need guidance, he can certainly assist!” Ginny smiled fondly at her husband. “He came with me the days Hermione flat-out refused and you’d be shocked at how the quality of our sex-life simply exploded with all these new possibilities and positions! Isn’t that right, darling?” 
It could have been the heat or the too-personal comments made by his wife, but Harry’s face was flushed and he was prevented from responding as he gulped down some water. 
“We’ll get started in about 3 minutes, then.” The old lady instructing the class appeared to Draco as a walking wrinkle. She couldn’t have been more than 75 pounds soaking wet, and yet he was supposed to learn about fitness from her? He was more than a little skeptical. 
“I think Jessa has adjusted the heat prematurely this evening. Does it feel a little warmer in here than usual, Gin?” Hermione flipped her head over and pulled her long hair up into a tight, messy bun. It likely wouldn’t last the whole class, but it’d do for now. 
Ginny laughed but didn’t answer as she folded herself down onto the mat and crossed her legs. Harry followed suit and soon the rest of the class appeared to mirror them. Draco still stood askance. 
“Follow my lead.” Hermione winked at him and sat down at the top of her mat before adjusting her legs to cross the ankles under the knees and place her hands lightly on top. She gestured for him to attempt the pretzel-like form. 
“I’m not too flexible, Hermione. I don’t know if I can sit like that.” He worried about, moving his weight from one foot to the other before the instructor gave him no choice but to take a seat.
“Good Evening, class. I’m Jessa Parker, owner of Forever Young Yoga, and I’d like you to join me in welcoming our newcomers to class tonight.” She indicated different parts of the room after her little introduction and Draco felt immediately relieved that he was not the only beginner in the room. “Close your eyes and focus on your breath.” Breathing. Draco could breathe. Maybe this wouldn’t be so bad. “This session is entirely your own. Feel completely free to modify any poses to fit your needs. You can use blocks or straps as you will. I’ll be walking around and adjusting your poses as I see a need, please indicate with a raised hand if you would prefer I do not touch you in these adjustments.” She paused, presumably to note who didn’t want her paws all over them. He raised his hand slowly. “Thank you. For the next few minutes, we’ll just be breathing. Become aware of our breaths. Breathe in slowly through your nose and notice how the air fills your lungs, expands your chest, pushes your belly out. Now breathe out quickly through your mouth. The air pushes over the tongue, through the lips and empties your lungs, all to prepare for the next breath.”
As Jessa continued to talk and warm up the class, Hermione stifled a grin next to Draco. Out of the corner of her eye she could see him relaxing into his mat and following the breathing instructions. She just knew he was thinking about how easy this was. She could see the sweat accumulating at his neckline and began to countdown to when he’d finally remove that cumbersome shirt. Long sleeves in hot yoga? Honestly. 
“Now make your way to all fours at the front of your mats. We’re going to have a slow build-up today with a couple of cat-cows before moving into a chaturanga vinyasa.” 
Draco opened his eyes in panic and looked over at Hermione for guidance. “What the fuck is a cat-cow?” 
She laughed quietly and moved onto her hands and knees with a flat back. “Just follow my lead.” 
With Harry on one side and Hermione on the other, Draco managed to fumble his way through the first hour of the class. Then his worst nightmare occurred. 
“Hermione.” Draco was lying on his back, arms wrapped around one knee, with the other leg straight out in front of him. The class had switched legs already, but Draco was absolutely certain that if he did so a Tragic Event would occur. “Psst. I’m stuck. Help.” His t-shirt was dripping in sweat, the sleeves rolled up doing little to relieve him from the heat, and now he was afraid if he let go of his leg he would also release an embarrassing amount of air from a place that shouldn’t be mentioned in public. He cringed in embarrassment for his entire lineage. 
“You’re doing great Draco. Just let go of your knee and move into Child’s Pose or Savasana if you need a break.” She was upside down in a headstand.
“That’s not it. I’m afraid that I will embarrass myself if I move from this position.” He should just die then. Just expire from pure mortification. Was that a thing? Could you keel over from humiliation? If it was, now would be the time. 
She gracefully moved into a more comfortable-looking pose and glanced at him quizzically. “It’s an air moving pose, Draco. What could possibly be-“ She stopped and stifled a smile. “Oh. Well. Just rest like that for a moment until the urge passes and then perhaps you can move into a less bowel-stimulating position?” Perhaps she whispered a tad loud because Ginny caught her eye and began to giggle, which set Harry off, and Hermione could no longer contain her own amusement in the face of their laughter. Draco was unamused. 
“No worries, Malfoy. Yoga makes people fart all the time. Sometimes if it’s a particularly rigorous session I’ll keep count. My personal record is 12 in one class. If this is just your first, your lagging far behind my guy.” He continued to chuckle and moved mostly smoothly through the next flow. 
“Don’t be modest, Harry. Remember that truly terrific shart last month? We had to incinerate those pants.” Ginny folded over at her middle and buried her face in her knees to stifle her laughter, Draco couldn’t tell if the moisture on her cheeks was from tears or sweat, but the image of Potter having an accident in his pants in public was so amusingly disgusting that he managed to crack a smile and momentarily forget his problem. 
Suddenly a loud double-clap filled the quiet space. “Now, now. Please keep your humorous comments to yourselves so as not to disturb the rest of the class!” Jessa frowned down at their foursome as she passed by and shook her head in disappointment. Draco did not feel guilty.
“Are you okay now?” Hermione was reaching for the ceiling in warrior pose and still smiling widely. 
“I think I’ll live.” Draco slowly released his knee and winced in anticipation. Would or wouldn’t he?
It turned out that he did not in fact create an embarrassing situation for himself, and in fact, according to Hermione, he did “quite well” overall and “was a shining example of Malfoy athleticism” which he was only partially sure was a sarcastic jab at his own crowing of ability. He had not, in fact, had to take his shirt off, but that was entirely due to the fact that he had overheard the other three taking bets on the point in class at which he would do so. They all soundly lost and he was pleased. 
“The towels we just collect and toss in the laundry in the hall. We spray down our mats and hang them on the racks in the entryway, and the blocks and straps go on the shelf over there. Divide and conquer?” Hermione handed him all the blocks and draped the four straps over his shoulder before gathering the towels in her arms and followed Harry and Ginny out of the room as they took care of the mats. 
Draco carefully followed the order of the blocks on the shelf and placed the ones in his arms back in their places. 
“You did well, mate. First time with Birkam?” A young man who looked as though he’d grown up on a tropical island pushed his too-long hair off his forehead and grinned at Draco. “I’m pretty new at it myself, but I don’t think I did nearly as well my first time. Do you play sports?”
Draco almost said “professional quidditch” before remembering he was speaking to a muggle. Unfortunately, he couldn’t remember the name of any muggle sport so he shrugged his shoulders and said something about “beginner’s luck” and “just flexible, I guess” before trying to ease himself away from the friendly guy. 
Thankfully he was saved when Hermione suddenly leaned into him and wrapped her arm around his waist, drawing him close. “Hello there, Brad. How are you getting on with the classes? Has it become easier?” 
“With your guidance, Hermione, I feel like I’ve become a professional yogi. I don’t know what I would’ve done without your tips and encouragement those first few classes.” Brad gazed at Hermione with what Draco was confident could be described as ‘pure, unbridled lust.’ It was disconcerting, but not unbelievable. His wife WAS incredibly hot, and in her yoga attire she was knock-down, drag-out sexy. However, Brad’s little crush must come to an end, or he would be ended. 
Draco leaned down and planted a possessive kiss atop his wife’s head while staring Brad down. “Hermione’s encouragement could possess a man to do anything, I believe. Even put me into these ridiculous joggers and convince me to attend an exercise class.”
“I think you look quite dashing in your sweaty attire, Draco. And you did remarkably well today! You didn’t even die from heat stroke in that silly shirt.” It was then that Draco noticed Brad was wearing shorts and nothing else. Although he was sure his ancestors were rolling in their crypts at the thought, Draco pulled his shirt off over his head and flexed his 8-pack, balling up his shirt and using it as a towel to wipe some of the sweat off his chest and neck. 
Hermione might have swooned, but it could have been the exercise. Or the heat. Or the intense jealous stare Draco kept shooting between her and Brad. Whatever the cause, she was keenly aware of the effect her husband’s half-naked body had on her. And the fact that she suddenly had needs that needed to be cared for immediately. 
“Lovely seeing you, Brad. But we’ve friends waiting for us in the lobby and plans tonight we absolutely cannot miss.” Hermione hustled Draco out of the room, grabbed up all of their things from the entryway lockers, tossed a “goodbye” to Harry and Ginny and stepped outside and into a nearby alley to apparate back home, all in the span of 45 seconds. Even the chill night air did nothing to stifle her sudden desire for her husband. 
“Hermione, what plans-“ The crack of apparition echoed down the alley behind them and in the next moment they appeared on the front porch of their home. 
“You know what the yoga pants do to you? Well seeing you in these grey joggers and wiping off the sweat with your t-shirt got me so hot I need you right this minute.” They barely got through the door and locked it behind them before Hermione found herself pushed up against the surface, her legs wrapped around Draco’s hips, her heels digging into his backside in an attempt to keep herself in continuous contact with his lips. 
“I’ll admit-“ Draco kissed his way across her jaw and down her throat. “-yoga-“ kiss “-is my new-“ kiss “-favorite-“ kiss “-thing.” He ended his praise of the sport with a light nip at her collarbone that made Hermione’s eyes roll slightly. 
“Oh, yah?” Hermione breathlessly attempted to contribute to the conversation, but there was the matter of her sports bra being pushed down and her nipples being sucked on and the language center of her brain malfunctioned. 
“Mhmm.” Draco continued to pull her bra down as far as it would go, trapping her arms at her sides in the process. He looked up at her through his lashes as he slowly knelt, kissing his way down her glistening stomach. 
“Draco! I can’t touch you properly like this!” She longed to reach out to him and thread her fingers through his fine hair as he went down on her. As it was, he had managed to tangle her up properly and, by the look of his smirk, purposefully. 
“This is about me touching you, my love. Just concentrate on staying upright. Use those yoga muscles.” He dragged her leggings down, pulling them off one foot. Draco leaned back and smirked at the sight of his wife disheveled and panting for more at his touch.  
Hermione inhaled sharply and thrust her hips forward as Draco’s tongue lapped at her core, focusing on her clit with a fervor she wasn’t expecting. “Draco! I’m gonna-“ he bit down lightly and gripped her hips, holding her in place as the nip threw her off a cliff of tension. Her scream was strangled in her throat as he continued his ministrations on her quivering sex. “I-I-I need you! N-N-Now!” Hermione tried again to reach out to her husband, but his twisted use of her sports bra prevented her from more than brushing her fingertips through his fringe. 
“What are the magic words, love?” He stood and leaned away from her.
“Please. Fuck me now.” 
In a flash, the clothes twisted around her torso and arms were vanished, and she stood naked and panting against the door watching Draco vanish his own clothes before coming to stand before her. “That’s it love. Let’s work up another sweat.” 
He may have been skeptical about yoga before today, but from now on, he counted himself as a devotee that was particularly fond of the clothing. Or lack thereof.